Nordstrom Is Getting Rid Of Its Big Semi-Annual SalesNordstrom Is Getting Rid Of Its Big Semi-Annual Sales
Posted:
Updated:
11/18/2014  8:59 am EST
A woman carries a shopping bag while walking past a Nordstrom Inc. store in Santa Monica, California, U.S., on Tuesday, Nov. 12, 2013. Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
For a certain group of shoppers, there’s nothing quite like a sale at Nordstrom. Ever since it was a budding shoe-seller, the posh fashion retailer has held a set of semi-annual sales to clear out remnants of the previous season -- two sales for menswear, two for women’s and kids apparel and two for shoes. Competitors went the more traditional route of offering store-wide sales on major holidays.
Alas, those days are over. Now Nordstrom will put on sales just like all the other stores.
In place of the old discount schedule, Nordstrom will offer six store-wide sales coinciding with holidays. Like most department stores, the clearances at Nordstrom will occur around Labor Day, Veteran's Day, President's Day, Memorial Day, Father's Day and the day after Christmas. There will be no changes to the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, which happens every July. The store also partakes in the annual sales frenzy around Black Friday.
"We felt that [old] model really kind of handicapped our ability to improve our flow of fresh new regular price goods," Jamie Nordstrom, president of stores at Nordstrom, said on a conference call with analysts last week. "We saw some opportunities to improve that because we know that's what our customers want. And that's what drives our business."
Shoppers should like this new model, Nordstrom says: There are the same number of sales as before and more goods will be marked down each time. For instance, women can shop all six sales for women's clothes, whereas they could only do that twice a year previously. The retailer says there will be less total days of clearance throughout the year, compared with the old system.
“With all six sales being storewide we will have more merchandise on clearance that we hope will improve the overall customer experience," Dan Evans, a spokesperson for Nordstrom, told The Huffington Post.
The semi-annual Nordstrom shoe sales are no more.
Nordstrom, a 113-year-old company, isn't sure exactly when it started offering the half-yearly sales, but Evans said the tradition has existed "as long as anyone can remember.” The change was noted discreetly on the company’s website, buried in a FAQ page, reported UT San Diego .
In a note to clients issued earlier this month, Sterne Agee analyst Chuck Grom wrote that though the half-yearly sales at Nordstrom had become "stale," the move is a signal that Nordstrom wants to become more like everyone else.
"The company continues to veer away from the Nordstrom of old," wrote Grom. He added that Nordstrom is also making a bigger effort to match prices of other retailers, shoot out more promotional emails and add more sales signage throughout its stores.
Among the department stores, Nordstrom has done quite well of late. Last week, the company reported a 9 percent jump in sales for the quarter, compared to the same period the year prior. Online and mail order sales spiked 22 percent. Both Macy’s and J.C. Penney reported disappointing sales for the same quarter.
More:

Thinking About Their Jobs Makes Bankers DishonestThinking About Their Jobs Makes Bankers Dishonest
 | By                                                                By SETH BORENSTEIN
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — The banking industry seems to bring out dishonesty in people, a new study suggests.
A team of Swiss economists tested the honesty of bank employees in a lab game that would pay off in cash if they cheated. When workers at an unnamed bank were asked about their home life, they were about as honest as the general public. But employees who had just been asked about work at the bank cheated 16 percent more.
"Bank employees are not more dishonest than others," said Ernst Fehr of the University of Zurich, author of the study published Wednesday by the journal Nature. But he said when reminded of their job they become more dishonest, so something about the culture of banking "seems to make them more dishonest."
The American Bankers Association dismissed the study: "While this study looks at one bank, America's 6,000 banks set a very high bar when it comes to the honesty and integrity of their employees. Banks take the fiduciary responsibility they have for their customers very seriously."
Researchers studied 128 employees at a single bank (even the country where it is located was not revealed).
They gave them what is a fairly standard honesty test. They were told to flip a coin 10 times; each time they flipped they could earn $20 if it matched what researchers had requested — sometimes heads, sometimes tails. An honest person would report matching the requested flip result about 50 percent of the time. But when workers were asked questions about their work at the bank, placing their work at the forefront in their minds, they self-reported the result that paid off 58 percent of the time.
When researchers repeated the test with more than 350 people not in banking industry, job questions didn't change honesty levels.  Researchers tested 80 employees of other banks and they came up with about the same results as those from the main bank.
Six outside experts in business ethics and psychology praised the study to various degrees. Duke University behavioral economics professor Dan Ariely, author of the book "The Honest Truth About Dishonesty," said he agreed with the study authors that one possible solution is an honesty oath for bankers, like doctors' Hippocratic oath.
University of Louisville psychologist Michael Cunningham said while the study is intriguing, it is too broad in its conclusions.
Fehr said recent multi-billion dollar international banking scandals convinced him that he had to test scientifically public perceptions about bankers not being honest.
The study's findings ring true to Walt Pavlo, though he is not a banker — he was in finance at telecom giant MCI and pleaded guilty to wire fraud and money laundering in a multi-million dollar scheme. Pavlo said before joining his company he had worked in the defense industry where ethics were stressed and wasn't tempted to cheat. That changed in his new job where he was "paid for performance" and was told to be aggressive.
That culture "influenced me in a way that initially I thought was positive," but led to prison, said Pavlo, who now teaches business ethics and writes about white-collar crime.
___

Walmart Cracking Down After Scammers Made Off With $90 PS4sWalmart Cracking Down After Scammers Made Off With $90 PS4s
CNBC  | By                                                                Kelli B. Grant and Sarah Whitten
Posted:
Updated:
11/19/2014 12:59 pm EST
The first customer to purchase the PlayStation 4 (PS4) video game console holds the box at the launch of the PS4 console at the Sony showroom in Tokyo, Japan, on Saturday, Feb. 22, 2014. Sony Corp., its credit rating cut to junk by Moody's Investors Service as Japan's biggest television maker struggles to capture consumer demand for smartphones and tablet computers, released the PS4 console in Japan today. Photographer: Tomohiro Ohsumi/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
From CNBC:
Consumers' misuse of Wal-Mart's price match program isn't limited to the PlayStation 4. But shoppers may find it's no longer so easy to replicate the feat.
After Wal-Mart announced Nov. 13 that it would price match select online retailers, including Amazon.com, several customers used the program to buy $400 PlayStation 4 consoles for under $100 using fake Amazon listings. Twitter and Reddit users posted pictures of receipts documenting PS4 prices as cheap as $90.
"Sounds like Wal-Mart needs to trust, but verify," said Edgar Dworsky, founder of advocacy site ConsumerWorld.org.
Also on CNBC:
-- The best holiday gifts for fitness buffs
CNBC.com spotted more evidence of the fraud on Twitter Wednesday, including more pictures of receipts for $90 PS4s and others for a $100 Xbox One console and games.
But several users also tweeted (unverified) pictures indicating stores are starting to pay attention. One showed an in-store sign stating that Amazon.com PS4 ad matches will no longer be accepted "due to fraud." Another user's picture showed updated match requirements, including listings sold and fulfilled by Amazon and verification for any "huge" price differences.
" @RisingGoesHam : Walmart PS4 Amazon Price match was a failure for me... pic.twitter.com/jinEwCu08O " jig officially OV
— LOS (@CNOTEZ) November 18, 2014
Wal-Mart did not immediately respond to requests for comment. But in an unfortunately timed announcement, the retailer said Wednesday that starting Nov. 21, it will match or beat select Black Friday offers from competitors—including one on the PlayStation 4. (It did not detail which retailer, or price, it would be matching.)
As CNBC.com reported earlier, any Amazon member with a registered selling account can create a product sale listing. Perpetuating the fraud requires only a screen capture of the listing to be shown at checkout to request the price match. Amazon did not immediately respond to requests for comment about that capability.
Wal-Mart is no stranger to price match scams. Last year, residents in Michigan and Pennsylvania were arrested after they abused the retailer's price match and coupon policies. They used high-value coupons on lower-cost items, netting cash "overages" under the policy.
Usually, it's not so easy to claim a price match. "It is generally a hassle because usually either the store clerk or the cashier is not authorized to approve the price match," said Dworsky. "You have to call over the store manager or a supervisor."
That's one reason it's rare to see shoppers making fraudulent matches, said Brent Shelton, a spokesman for deal forum FatWallet.com. "It takes a little work," he said. "You have to know what you're doing."
More common, he said, is taking advantage of temporary retailer loopholes, like a pricing error or vague policy wording.
It's only in the past year or so that stores have even begun accepting online prices for price matching offers, but it's usually a select list of retailers rather than a blanket online match. (In 2013, Target announced it would expand its policy to include Amazon.com, Walmart.com and others.) "The concern is, prices have a tendency to be cheaper online," added Dworsky.
More:

Gold coins to pump-up footfalls at industrial expo inGujaratA social network of ‘smart’ farmers in the making
In order to ramp up footfalls at an industrial exhibition to be organised at Vadodara, the Vadodara Chamber of Commerce & Industry (VCCI) will be organising lucky draws where business visitors and seminar delegates will be able to win as many as 16 gold coins during the four-day event beginning November 27.
“This is for the first time, that VCCI’s exhibition is being associated with the Vibrant Gujarat (brand). They have a target of five lakh visitors,” said Saurabh Patel, the state finance minister while addressing mediapersons about the event on Tuesday which will see the likes of Sam Balsara, MD Madison World — one of the figures behind Narendra Modi’s advertising campaign in Lok Sabha elections 2014 —- and Sam Pitroda, address the audience at VCCI Expo 2014.
When quizzed how VCCI plans to achieve the number of targetted visitors, Nilesh Shukla, president of the VCCI told The Indian Express, “We will be giving away as many as 16 gold coins at this event. We have kept this offer limited to the business visitors and seminar delegates. We do not wish to open it for the general public. This is being done to prevent a possible mad-rush at the event venue.”
The lucky draw involving 10 grams of gold coins is the courtesy of Vadodara-based Damodardas Jewellers who is also a VCCI member. The information about the draw has also printed on the invitations that were given out at the media gathering.
When quizzed about the city that saw back-to-back incidents of communal rioting during the months of September and October, Himanshu Patel, Honorary Joint Secretary of VCCI said, “This scheme has been floated not because we have any apprehensions about visitors coming to our exhibition. We have been organising this event since 1990 and this year we will putting up a temporary structure over 9 lakh square feet of space on the Navlakhi Palace Grounds that will house about 600 stalls, most of which will be occupied by SMEs (Small-scale enterprises). During the last edition held in 2013 there were not less than four lakh business visitors. Honestly, we are doing this to get our hands on a large database.”
“The draw will be conducted by an independent event management firm Trizone which handles the Rannotsav event for the state government,” Patel added.
Over 500 companies are likely to participate in this year’s exhibition, 50 percent of which will be from outside Gujarat including those from Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Calcutta, New Delhi, Indore, Nashik, Ludhiana and others. This year the exhibition will also see international participants from countries like Canada, Denmark, Italy, UAE and South Korea.
The event will also witness the presence of Union Minister for SMEs Kalraj Mishra who will visit the event on November 27. “Over 60 MSME associations from across the country will be participating in this All India SMEs meet which will deal with the issue of “Make In India: Role of MSMEs. We will also present a white paper to the minister on our expectations from the ministry,” Shukla, the VCCI president said.
The event will also have a separate gallery for “innovations” where 65 youths from across Gujarat will get to display 115-odd inventions at the exhibition.
 
Guj govt to float MSME & Start-up policies
The state finance minister Saurabh Patel on Tuesday said that Gujarat government was contemplating on bringing out a “start-up policy” to encourage entrepreneurs and youth in the state and a new policy for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs).
The minister who addressing mediapersons in connection with an upcoming industrial exhibition at Vadodara, however did not specific a time-limit for rolling out these policies. While the policy on MSMEs is expected in the next few months, the policy on start-ups was still at a consultation stage. (Express News Service)
More from commodities
Commodities aid tax revenue Even as prices of many commodities are hovering around five-year lows globally...

Dish Network could drop Comcast SportsNet ChicagoDish Network could drop Comcast SportsNet Chicago
Dish Network
Rick Wilking / Reuters
The sign in the lobby of the corporate headquarters of Dish Network is seen in a suburb near Denver.
The sign in the lobby of the corporate headquarters of Dish Network is seen in a suburb near Denver. (Rick Wilking / Reuters)
Chicago Bulls CBS Corp. Chicago White Sox TBS (tv network) TNT (tv network)
Dish Network could drop Comcast SportsNet Chicago
An impasse over carriage rights fees may result in a blackout of Comcast SportsNet Chicago for Dish Network subscribers beginning next month, potentially cutting off Chicago Bulls and Blackhawks games, along with other sports programming for thousands of Chicago-area viewers.
  Open link
NBC Sports Regional Networks, which has an ownership stake and manages CSN Chicago, is seeking "fair market" increase in fees from Dish Network to continue carrying its programming.
CSN Chicago has launched an on air campaign and issued a statement Thursday night warning viewers of the potential blackout, seeking to enlist their support in negotiations with Dish:
Our house is very sports minded. If CSN and channel 2 are dropped we will be forced to go to another provider.
blondeangel13355
6
"With the upcoming expiration of our agreement, we are growing increasingly concerned that DISH is not willing to work toward mutually acceptable terms for continuing carriage of Comcast SportsNet Chicago. This unwillingness to recognize the value of our live game coverage of the Bulls, Blackhawks, Cubs and White Sox, as well as exclusive Bears programming, is disappointing."
CSN Chicago has never been blacked out by a cable or satellite provider in its 10-year history, sources said.
Dish is engaged in similar carriage fee negotiations with other cable networks, including Turner Broadcasting, recently dropping its CNN channel from its lineup, with agreements for TNT and TBS set to expire next month. Dish and CBS reached an agreement Thursday to extend the deadline for a new contract, averting a similar blackout of the network.

Why I m Standing with Walmart Workers This Black Fridayreddit
As a student at University of Minnesota-Duluth, Cantare Davunt graduated with a bachelor's degree in international studies. As a Walmart associate, she's an activist fighting for decent wages, full-time hours, predictable schedules and dignity at work.
Like many college graduates working in the new " Walmart Economy ," Cantare earns $10.10 per hour -- about $322 a week. She lives paycheck to paycheck, and has to make near-impossible choices each month between buying enough food, covering her share of rent, or paying off her student loans. In the summer, she forgoes electricity. Other months, it's her cellphone bill. This August, her car was repossessed. "Minnesota's a hard place to get ahead without a car," she said recently.
Cantare Davunt, 30, a Walmart customer service manager from Apple Valley, Minnesota and member of OUR Walmart.
Cantare told her story at a recent Senate briefing hosted by Senator Warren (D-MA) and Representative Miller (D-CA), where elected officials described the growing crisis of inequality in the U.S. and offered different solutions to turn the tide. As Sen. Warren said: "We need to give workers this chance by raising the minimum wage, providing some basic fairness in scheduling, and fighting for equal pay for equal work."
Why did the briefing single out Walmart?
Because as one of the richest corporations in the world, with profits of $ 16 billion annually and 1.4 million employees, it represents a class of corporations that earn record sums while their employees can't make ends meet. By shear volume and wealth, Walmart sets a standard in our society. The workers who help Walmart make unimaginable profits in turn receive poverty wages, unaffordable health care and irregular schedules, including hours kept at part-time as a way of denying access to paid sick days.
Consumers should not have to subsidize Walmart and the "Walmart Economy" either. But we do -- to the tune of nearly $8 billion a year in taxpayer-funded assistance for food, health care, and housing for Walmart employees. The Walton's -- the richest family in the country who own and run Walmart -- add $8.6 million to their $150 billion wealth every day. And yet hundreds of millions of Americans subsidize their luxuries while the family robs workers of a decent living.
But there's good news.
OUR Walmart leaders are standing up for all American families who are struggling to do more with less, and are winning changes at the company. In response to calls for more hours, Walmart created a new scheduling system . After Walmart moms called for the rights of pregnant women to be respected, Walmart improved its pregnancy policy . And after OUR Walmart members called for better pay, Walmart CEO publicly committed to raising pay for the company's lowest paid workers.
And there's more good news.
Elected officials at the state and federal level are increasingly introducing legislation that would help Walmart employees, and millions more low-wage workers.
Take the Fair Minimum Wage Act , which would increase the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour by 2015 and index it to the cost of living. It would also guarantee a tipped minimum wage -- which has been frozen at $2.13 for 20 years -- equal to 70 percent of the full minimum wage, helping to fix a glaring disparity between tipped workers and everyone else. As an African American who harbors a persistent saltiness to the idea of free labor, I know we can do better than $2.13.
Or the Schedules That Work Act , which would help give all of us a greater voice on the job. Walmart associates -- like many others -- are victims to last minute, unpredictable schedules; are punished or terminated when they request more hours; and find it nearly impossible to secure childcare, attend classes to better themselves and find time to organize their lives -- all while frequently juggling multiple jobs. This legislation would establish a process for discussing work schedules between employees and employers, and protect workers from retaliation when they request a different schedule.
Lastly, there's the Paycheck Fairness Act . Like most women, it pains me to talk about continuing pay discrimination across gender and racial lines, something that should have been resolved decades ago. The Paycheck Fairness Act would help close the gaps that exist from the Equal Pay Act of 1963, and if passed, bring an end to pay secrecy and protect workers who discuss their wages on the job.
So here we are. An economy still tepid in recovery, mired in precarious work situations and stagnant wages. Corporations and CEOs who enjoy record-breaking profits. Economists who continue to cite inequality as a hindrance to economic growth. And low-wage workers, emboldened and inspired by recent victories for working families, whose movement for $15 an hour and fair workplaces continues to grow at unprecedented pace .
Next week, Walmart workers will protest at more than 1,600 stores , marking the third consecutive year of Black Friday protests. We know these protests matter. They've captured the attention of lawmakers; they've gained the support of the American public; and they've forced Walmart to raise wages and improve policies, no matter how hard the company refuses to change.
That's why I'll be joining Walmart workers this Black Friday. I'll gather up my turkey-filled friends and relatives and visit my nearest Walmart. I'll stand outside in solidarity with workers, do some chanting and maybe take some selfies, deliver a memo to the store manager, and contribute to building a fair economy -- for us all.
For workers like Cantare, I encourage you to join as well.
More:

Leadership Matters: Decision Making Strategies for Successreddit
"As for the future, your task is not to foresee it, but to enable it." - Antoine de Saint Exupery
Leaders make choices constantly. As a leader, you must develop the ability to think fast on your feet, in the middle of the race. If you spend too much time deliberating, opportunities will run right past you.
This is why it is critical that you spend time NOW developing a plan for your life.
You see, with a solid plan and a strong identity, your decisions are less difficult.  When you know where you are going, it's easy to see the right path at each juncture.
The members of the Advanced Leadership Initiative at Harvard University studied the decision-making process in world, business and personal leaders.  The panel found that great leaders make choices within the framework of some common core strengths:
Leaders are passionate. They know that without passion, the drive to stay in the game fades, and it becomes difficult if not impossible to muster up the energy necessary to stick with a challenging project.
Leaders know themselves. They are aware of their skills, and they are clear about their weaknesses.  They know when to ask for help, and when to assert themselves.
Leaders have learned that context matters. They are aware of the impact of various circumstances on their decision making process.  They realize that certain events and people trigger strong reactions within them, causing them to make choices borne in emotion, rather than within the framework of a sold, flexible plan.
Consider the following example of a decision making process for three attorneys.  All of them receive an identical call from a recruiter for a large law firm in the southern states.   The recruiter is offering all three the chance to apply for a position with better pay.
Lawyer A, who has spent time developing her identity and forging a plan for her life, knows she wants to make partner.  She is prepared with a few key questions that enable her to make a fast choice.  Her answer is no, and she hangs up the phone, happy to be asked, even happier to know the answer without any struggle.
Lawyer B, who has also developed his identity and made a life plan, knows he wants to retire as quickly as possible so he can write a book about the law. He also has some pertinent questions for the recruiter.  He asks about the location, and is pleased to learn that the opportunity is in the South, where he wants to retire.  He is thrilled to learn that the firm specializes in interesting criminal cases, great fodder for a professional writer.  He calls his wife, who has already agreed to move with him if the right opportunity arises, and gets her feedback and agreement.  After a few more carefully planned questions, he moves forward with his application. He already knows that the temptations of the money and the climate trigger him to say yes too easily, so he prepares well in advance for the salary negotiations.
Lawyer C has not spent time developing herself.  She does not have a plan.  She is excited by the call.  Double the money in a warmer place feels like a lucky break.  She asks a few basically irrelevant questions and moves forward with her application.   When she gets home that night, she argues with her husband, who really does not want to move.  They don't talk about the future much.  Lawyer C says no to the eventual offer and ends up resenting her family and her current employer.
If you fail to plan, you are planning to fail.  And if you are making a plan without taking the time to know yourself first, you'll have a hard time avoiding burn out and failure.  Too much energy gets used up as you try to make choices without a plan that is based on your particular goals.
Get to know yourself.  Choose a purpose. Then make a plan. Make good choices based on your purpose and your plan for your life.
This is how you create the sustainable, sturdy leadership required to take you and your team where you want to go.
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
Follow Stedman Graham on Twitter: www.twitter.com/OfficialStedman
More:

3 Things Marketers Need to Know About the Upcoming Changes to Facebook s News Feedreddit
1. It's Good for the Typical Person on Facebook, So It Ultimately Serves Brands and Publishers
Last week, Facebook announced that it would begin de-prioritizing overly promotional page posts in News Feeds beginning January 2015.
First - let's look at the ecosystem of Facebook itself, in which quality content must always come first. Facebook is first and foremost a place for people to connect with friends and loved ones, and any surrounding content must add value to, and never detract from, this core function.
We already knew this implicitly -- Facebook is merely making this explicit to ward off offenders. Without valuable, relevant and entertaining content to compliment the core "friend and family" experience on the platform, Facebook loses much of its value to the consumer and runs the risk of harming their experience (and their time spent on the platform, ultimately). Which would be bad news for the brands and publishers who have spent massive time and resources building up their social communities.
This means that, for brands and publishers that are already publishing engaging content, they can attract attention for, and offer more of, the kind of content their audience wants to see. And the environment will be less cluttered. It's business as usual.
2. Engagement, Impressions and Reach are Higher than Ever - But It's Time to Diversify
In the past year, even as Facebook has made continuous updates to the News Feed, U.S. brands have seen positive returns on the platform and social engagement has more than doubled:
But what's also clear from the chart above, is that it's important for marketers to look beyond a Facebook-only approach. As audience attention continues to fragment across multiple touch points, diversifying a brand's social presence will ensure coverage, new reach and sustainable ongoing results -- without the risk of having all of one's eggs in one basket.
3. We're (Un)blurring the Line between Ads, and Content -- and That's a Good Thing
Whenever an emerging media matures, there is a natural leveling out of best practices, and some clearer definitions made so that all stakeholders can monetize. In online video, ads and content reporting have been kept separate since 2010 , in comScore's Video Metrix. Yet, in social media the line between ads and content has been intensely blurry to date.
In TV, there is clear delineation between commercial breaks and the 'main event,' even though those spots make the programming possible. Infomercials, product placement and sponsored content walk the line, and right now in social media we're similarly having to think about where we draw the line between ads and content.
While it is still unclear exactly what constitutes 'promotional,' the message is clear: if your organic Facebook post reads more like a 30-second spot, then it's an ad and won't be allowed to be classified as content. Which, speaking as both a researcher and as a Facebook user, is completely fine by me.
Follow Tania Yuki on Twitter: www.twitter.com/taniayuki
More:

Have a Career That You Enjoyreddit
By Isabelle Hou, University of Connecticut InternQueen.com Campus Ambassador:
Growing up, my parents told me to study hard to become a scientist, a doctor, a lawyer...you know, the high paying careers that requires years and years of schooling. I tried to lead myself to those career paths but it just did not work out. I despised science, was not excellent at math, and generally did not find those subjects interesting to me at all. When I came to college, I discovered my passion for fashion, more specifically, marketing in the fashion industry. I know that's the career path I want to take because I will truly enjoy it.
If you're stuck at somewhere you don't like...
Get out. That's my answer for you. You only live once, as cliché as that sound, it's true. So why not do something you enjoy rather than be stuck somewhere you are miserable. You didn't work so hard to have a job that you do not like. You are in control of your own life, and your own happiness, therefore you have the power to change anything, which includes changing your career to something you enjoy doing.
Don't be afraid
Don't be afraid to go against what your parents want you to do, and start doing what you want to do. Don't be afraid to quit your boring old job now to go after what you really want. Don't be afraid of rejection, it happens to everyone. Don't be afraid of failure because it will eventually lead you to success.
And when you are doing something you truly enjoy...
The money doesn't matter as much anymore. I had unpaid internship this summer that required six hours commute a day, three days a week. I had to get out of bed at 6a.m. and would not get back home till 9p.m. Sounds pretty miserable right? Not to me. I got to intern for a fashion company while being in my favorite city -- New York City. The long, unpaid hours didn't matter to me anymore because I was happy. I was doing something I truly enjoyed.
It's surprising to see what you're capable of doing once you start doing something you are good at. If you dread going to work everyday, I encourage you to look for another job. When you start working for a company you really care about and start doing something you are truly passionate about, it won't even feel like you are working anymore.
Follow Intern Queen Campus Ambassadors on Twitter: www.twitter.com/InternQueen
More:

Column: Insider-trading laws new avatarMaking the internet talk local
As was expected, Sebi came out with a spanking new regulation on insider-trading. While the new regulation is not yet in the public domain, a press release highlights the significant changes compared to the current regime. The new regulations seem to be squarely in line with the recommendations of the Justice Sodhi Committee report. The committee had done a great job with the report. There were some issues with the draft regulations the committee had attached to their report which, it is presumed, will be cleaned out. Similarly, some suggestions have been dropped from the regulations, such as the inclusion of public servants in the prohibition. There are significant changes in the new norms, but the changes are not the ones highlighted by most media.
There is no significant expansion of the definition of insider-trading, but there is an expansion of people who are deemed to be insiders. Thus, immediate relatives for example have been added to the list of deemed insiders. Such deemed insiders, if they trade in advance of publication of undisclosed price-sensitive information, would need to disprove that they in fact did not commit insider-trading. Or, as we lawyers like to call it, the burden of proof given a seemingly opportunist trade is on the deemed insider, and the person must disprove his guilt. The other class of people, or everyone else besides the deemed insiders, don’t have this albatross around their necks. So, Sebi must prove that they had access to privileged information which they misused. This is a useful expansion, but the real new development, which has not been highlighted by many, is the expansion of the defences for honest conduct.
Till now, many honest transactions used to fall within the prohibition. Many of those now have additional protection of the law. This is a great development, because the purpose of this law is to outlaw abuse of power, rather than outlaw legitimate commercial transactions. The Sebi press release specifically seeks to protect “legitimate purposes, performance of duties or discharge of legal obligations”. The classic example of such legitimate purpose is conducting of due diligence by an institutional investor or a private equity investor. Since due diligence, by its nature, means that the investor has access to price-sensitive unpublished information, the subsequent purchase after the diligence would fulfil the elements of the prohibition. That is, of trading based on access to unpublished price-sensitive information. This has been subjected to the requirement of advance disclosure of the information at least 2 days prior to the investment. The question of whether this condition imposed is practical will need to be debated. The exact impact of this to proprietary and confidential information which may become available to competitors will also need to be re-looked at by Sebi at some point of time. This point was of course hotly debated in the committee.
There has been a restriction on the definition of when price-sensitive information is considered generally available and, therefore, published. Information will be considered published only if made on the stock exchanges. This may unnecessarily chill the flow of information and reduce the flow of information. Thus, CNBC, which has viewers in the lakhs, would not be considered as a wide and simultaneous distribution of information even though many more live viewers would have simultaneous access to the information than those visiting the website of the exchange.
A provision of trading plans has been introduced as a defence to possible charges of insider-trading. The way this would work would be as follows. Let’s say a director who routinely has access to inside information needs to sell shares which are allotted to him by way of sweat equity or ESOPs. Such a person would find it quite difficult to sell shares since even though he is not exploiting an informational advantage of an insider, he could be charged of the offence. Such insiders now can plan to share their sale plans for the year ahead. For instance a sale of 50,000 shares each month, every month for the next year. Such a person would be obliged to sell, no matter how low the prices fall. But at the same time, he would be immune from charges of insider-trading since the sale was based not on the basis of inside information, but rather on the basis of a determinate and irrevocable plan. The problem with this well-meaning immunity is that it may not be practical. Since the plan has to be disclosed to the market at large, it would be easy for investors to front run the insider and exploit the fact that such insider is bound to sell no matter how low the price goes. There would be an incentive to cheat such an insider by artificially depressing prices just before the expected date of trading. This would therefore work only for companies whose shares are extremely liquid and where the trading plan is not for a very large quantity.
The scope of securities to which the prohibition applies has been expanded to include derivatives. This would be more by way of clarification, as even the old regulations would have covered such trades. A more explicit prohibition is good as an insider is more likely to use derivatives to maximise his exploits. After all derivatives provide the maximum bang for the buck if one has certain and privileged information.
Finally, a welcome move is to eliminate the multiple disclosures between the insider trading code and the takeover code. This norm of similar disclosures under different regulations caused multiplicity of disclosures, unnecessary compliance burden and no net benefit to investors.
Overall, the new regulations are welcome though they will need to be tested on the ground before a definitive conclusion can be drawn.
By Sandeep Parekh
Parekh is the founder of Finsec Law Advisors and author of the book Fraud, Manipulation and Insider Trading in the Indian Securities Market
TAGS: Insider Trading Sebi
More from fecolumnist
Columns: Marginal gains from KVP It could be useful for channelling black money into investment but may not quite inspire the lower income classes

Editorial: Tripping again3G roaming issue: Supreme Court seeks reply from major firms
Any new norms, at the end of the day, have to improve the existing system, not wreck it further. The new norms put in place by the government, it is true, try to fix some of the egregious wrongs of the past—forcing companies to take a call on fuel costs for 25 years was one such; another was, in the case of the ultra-mega power plants (UMPPs), not being able to oust a developer if it did not supply power as per the agreed norms. The problem, however, is that the new norms haven’t been able to address all the problems. So, last month, private bidders indicated that they would not be able to bid for the two new UMPPs being put out for bidding. A few weeks ago, when the Kerala government asked for bids, the winning put its fixed costs at 72% of the total tariff—the average of the past few years has been in the region of around 35%. Company officials as well as analysts point out that since there are so many unknowns, such as delays in availability of raw materials, bidders don’t want to take any chances and are loading as many risks as possible onto the fixed costs itself. In the case of the UMPPs, the grouse was that the bidding document was loaded against developers who were expected to put in money without even owning the projects—the power producers said there were 27 events of default for the developer and just 3 events for the buyer or the utility.
With almost all the 55,000 MW of power plants that have come up over the past few years by way of competitive bidding in some form of tariff trouble, it is not surprising power generators are not responding as enthusiastically as in the past. It doesn’t help that, while overall losses in the sector are supposed to have come down to R71,000 crore in FY14, from R93,000 crore in FY12, this does not include at least R50,000 crore of regulatory assets, or amounts due to power suppliers. What makes it worse is that the financial restructuring package (FRP) appears to be a non-starter, and states like Uttar Pradesh have cross-subsidy levels as high as 80% and transmission and distribution losses of well over 40%. At a time when the government needs to work very hard with both the states as well as with regulators, it may be a good idea to go back to the old rate-of-return-based regulation of power plants. As the sector improves, and there is more certainty in availability of fuel as well as less government delays, we can return to the competitive bidding route.
TAGS: Fuel Costs
More from economy

Column: Best to keep monetary policy stance flexibleMaking the internet talk local
RBI has a flair for introducing new terms in our economics lexicon. The concept of ‘protein inflation’ was quite novel as was the concept of ‘calibrated movements’ in interest rates. The latest is the ‘glide path’ of inflation as per the new approach of inflation-targeting. Now that we are almost there with CPI inflation being less than 6%, which was the terminal point of the glide path stated for January 2016, there is prima facie a strong case for a rate cut. The only impediment is that it could rise again after December when the high base effect weans. But yet, it will definitely not come close to the 8% path set for January 2015, and will hence; still justify a rate-cut action.
The question really is that once we attain an inflation target and then lower interest rates—which can still be some distance away if we go by the technical paper which talks of an inflation rate of 4% with a band of 2% either ways—then how does one calibrate policy? Today, the market believes that as long as inflation is within these pre-set ranges, the path is known. But once attained, how would RBI react to ensure that these targets are still relevant?
The curious thing about monetary policy is that it should be unpredictable to be effective. If everyone expects rates to come down, then the market swallows this information and the result will be neutral. Hence, the Rational Expectations School led by Thomas Sargent and Neil Wallace argued that if policy rates are fixed and followed, then it would not affect growth as everyone adjusts to this scenario. By fixing these inflation-targets and linking action with these goal posts, investors would broadly know when interest rates would increase or decrease. As a corollary, the only way policy could work is in case the monetary authority stated its stance to begin with but then changed direction based on other considerations.
Otherwise, much like the famous efficient-market hypothesis, the interest rate would always be in equilibrium with information symmetry. The former says that if the market is efficient and all the information is available to all market players, then the market price would reflect the collective wisdom and be the right one. Right now, the GSec rates are moving down as it is expected that RBI will cut interest rates either in December or February as inflation has come down. Therefore, if RBI actually cuts rates now, the impact could be limited as the market has already absorbed this move.
But suppose, inflation increases after the series of interest rate cuts start, will RBI necessarily increase rates? It could use the concept of inflationary expectations to tarry for some time but rates have to be increased once we are committed to inflation-targeting. Not doing so would mean a serious deviation from the stated path. Hence, the element of surprise will never be there once we target inflation with specific goal posts. Growth, too, will not be affected as ‘rational’ agents know what to expect in advance. Policy would hence be targeting inflation which would be the monetarist stance.
At present, the revealed approach has been to target the inflation rate and stay there till there is conviction in the ‘glide path’ of inflation. Curiously, RBI had actually brought in an element of surprise when the Governor took over by doing the unexpected by raising interest rates. Or rather, the market was surprised when Raghuram Rajan took over as it quite irrationally expected a rate cut given that this was the time when there was a perceived difference of opinion between the finance ministry and RBI on interest rates when the change of guard took place. This gave an indication that RBI would follow the Rational Expectations approach but after the expert committee recommended inflation-targeting, which has been accepted, the logical corollary has been to remove the element of surprise.
The advantage of having an inflation-led monetary policy is that it allows agents to take decisions in advance. Presently there is expectation of a rate cut, but assuming inflation goes up at some time, then it would be logical to expect an increase in rates once these benchmarks are attained. Accordingly, decisions like long-term investment can be taken or slowed down based on these paths.
However, it must be realised that while policy targets retail inflation the measures per se may not have a bearing on the direction of this inflation. Food items, housing, transport, fuel, have a share of around 90% in CPI, which is normally not leveraged. Clothing, footwear and, probably education, with a weight of 10% could be financed through credit at the margin. Hence, when RBI follows the path of inflation-targeting, it could end up being a passive follower of inflation with policy changes being more a reaction to prices and not quite a controller of the same.
This scenario could be a valid outcome of the ‘glide path’ where interest rate policy waltzes with the inflation number without quite affecting it. Growth must then look for other policy impulses. Also, at the ideological level an issue that can be debated is that if we follow inflation-targeting, should we be having monetary policies or reviews periodically or go back to the two-policy per annum approach with announcements coming in when these inflation numbers are attained.
The author is chief economist, CARE Ratings. Views are personal
TAGS: CPI Inflation Raghuram Rajan RBI
More from fecolumnist
Columns: Marginal gains from KVP It could be useful for channelling black money into investment but may not quite inspire the lower income classes

Alacatel launches Flash selfie smartphone on Flipkart  prices it at Rs 9999India market is good at  balancing rigour and magic: Lindsay Pattison, Global CEO, Maxus
Following the global buzz around selfies, Alcatel launched an octacore selfie smartphone – Flash – in partnership with e-commerce major Flipkart at a price of Rs 9999.
The Alcatel Onetouch Flash comes with a 5 MP autofocus front camera specifically, keeping in mind the selfie fans, and 13 MP rear camera. Other features of the camera include image stabilisation, 4 times digital zoom and panorama technology and a smart beauty function.
Flash also has Hotknot pre-installed, a technology that allows rapid transfer of all your multimedia information. The user can transfer his or her favorite photos or videos by just one touch.
The device has been completely designed in France.
In addition, to its selfie features, the Alcatel OneTouch Flash has a lightweight 150g body with 14cm (5.5”) HD display and featuring an 1.4 GHz Octacore processor and a 3200mAh battery. The device runs on the latest Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS and has dual frequency Wi-Fi that reduces interference and enhances transmission speed.
Speaking on the launch of Alcatel’s hit Flash model in India, Praveen Valecha, Regional Director, APAC, Alcatel One Touch, said, “Flash is our Latest innovative phone on ecommerce platform along with our strategic partner Flipkart. It is built truly for selfie fans with two key points – a good resolution front facing camera that also has the Beauty Selfie to enhance the user’s photo without the need of any extra application.”
“With its new age design and technology, we are positive that the Alcatel Onetouch Flash will be well received in the market,” Michael Adnani, VP, Retail & Head, Brand Alliances, Flipkart said.
The phones will be on sale beginning November 21, exclusively online at Flipkart.com.
Alcatel has also launches a selfie contest where top 20 daily contestants can win Rs 1000 off the purchase price. On top of that the grand prize winner will get the ultimate selfie prize – a full photo-shoot makeover to be appeared in one of the most recognized lifestyle magazine.
Alcatel Flash is available in two colors: Crystal White, Gun Grey
Key specifications:

Kotaks ING Vysya buy to make it No 4 private bankICICI Bank to hike ATM charges from January 1
In a deal timed sweetly with the turnaround in the Indian economy, Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) on Thursday snapped up ING Vysya Bank in an all-share transaction valued at an extremely attractive 2.2-2.3 times book value.
ING Vysya will be merged into KMB with shareholders of ING getting 725 shares of KMB of a face value of Rs 5 for every 1,000 shares held of a face value of Rs 10 apiece and implies a price of R790 per share, a 16% premium to the 30-day average.
The merger will put KMB in the fourth spot among private sector banks with a balance sheet of just under Rs 2 lakh crore, a profit of Rs 3,123 crore, a geographically well-positioned branch network of 1,214 branches with a strong footprint in south India and 10 million customers.
Crucially, the merger will take the promoters’ holding in KMB to 34% from 40.07% — the Reserve Bank of India has mandated it to bring down the promoter stake to 30% by 2016 and 20% by 2018. The ING Group, which has the biggest network in Europe, will hold 6.5%.
Equally important, the foreign shareholding in the merged entity, at just 46.9 %, will leave enough headroom for foreign institutional investors to pick up shares. “We will apply for permission to go above 49%,” Uday Kotak, vice-chairman and managing director, said at a press conference. Kotak had earlier tweeted, “We will work to create stakeholder value.”
The dilution in the equity capital of KMB following the merger will be 15.2%. “There is no intention of raising new capital because we have a capital adequacy of 16.5%,” Kotak said.
The complementarity between the two banks is indeed striking — KMB has a larger portfolio of retail assets and will be looking to leverage
ING’s book comprising a higher share of SME and trader loans. “We will look to leverage the SME business,” Kotak said, adding there would be significant savings in product costs and origination costs.
While analysts were anxious KMB’s cost of funds would go up as it pays depositors a 6% interest on savings accounts, Kotak pointed out the bank would gain from a larger current account deposit base. “We will treat any ING Vysya depositor as a Kotak Bank depositor,” he said. ING’s savings deposits total Rs 7,288 crore.
While some banking experts like Ashvin Parikh expressed concern at the difference in the corporate cultures at the banks, others dismissed the concern saying this could be addressed over time.
Uday Sareen, the current CEO-designate of ING Vysya Bank, C Jayaram and Dipak Gupta, joint managing directors of Kotak Bank, and eight other KMB board members will be part of a new management committee that will oversee the merged entity, Kotak said. Kotak hopes to conclude the merger by April 2015.
According to a Bloomberg report, ING Vysya is the only Indian lender controlled by an overseas company and it had a market value of Rs 15,600 crore ($2.5 billion) before the announcement, compared with Kotak Mahindra’s Rs 89,200 crore. Speculation about the deal drove ING Vysya’s shares to a record in Mumbai trading. ING Groep inherited a 10% stake in Vysya Bank when it bought Belgium’s Bank Brussels Lambert in 1998. It raised that investment to 20% in November 1999, and bought Vysya shares from India’s GMR Group in June 2002 to increase its holding to 43.99% from 20%.
TAGS: ING Vysya Bank Kotak Mahindra Bank
More from bankingampfinance

Arun Jaitley nudges banks to boost credit offtakeICICI Bank to hike ATM charges from January 1
As a risk-averse banking system and weak demand conditions crippled growth in non-food credit, finance minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday asked public sector banks (PSBs) to ensure smooth credit flow to projects.
“We have suggested to the banks that proactive steps (be taken) in supporting various projects so that credit offtake in these projects takes up in a big way. Credit is the lifeline of an economy,” he said after a quarterly review meeting of PSBs and other financial institutions. Jaitley added that he was optimistic about credit growth picking up soon as many projects are queuing up for credit.
The minister told the PSBs they should carry out lending on the basis of objective due diligence without being unduly conservative, in a completely transparent manner, “without fear or favour”. This would boost the economy and enable an asset book of high quality, he said, adding that any external influence would be considered as a disqualification.
FE had reported that growth in the offtake of non-food credit continued to be weak, with loans to companies and individuals growing at 11.04% year-on-year to R60,09,720 crore for the fortnight ended August 22. This is the slowest growth in credit in over four years. Non-food credit had shown a growth of 11.77% in the fortnight ended December 18, 2009.
A DBS Bank India study showed that for the first time since FY10, deposit growth this year outpaced non-food loan growth. Credit growth between April and October was an average 12.5% y-o-y even as deposits during the same period grew at 13.1%. The Credit-to-deposit ratio of banks fell to 75.8% by end-October from 77% last year, DBS India said.
During the meeting, PSBs were advised to put in greater effort and outreach to ensure smooth access to credit to various sectors to facilitate rapid growth in economic activity, which was a key priority of the government. Key sectors like agriculture, housing, education and solar and renewable energy required particular focus in this regard, an official statement said.
It added that PSBs were urged to achieve the ambitious credit flow growth target for the micro, small and medium enterprises in particular, given the implication for job creation and growth in manufacturing output. Jaitley also said the non-performing assets (NPAs) of banks have risen over the last two to three years due to the economic slowdown, and asked the bankers to take necessary corrective measures in order to bring down bad loans.
Research firm ICRA said in a note that gross NPAs of PSBs are estimated at 4.4-4.7% as on March 31, 2015, against 4.4% as on March 31, 2014, and 4.6% at the end of June, 2014. The minister also reviewed the implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana on Thursday. While over 7 crore new bank accounts have already been opened under the scheme, the plan is to take the number to 10 crore by January 26.
More from bankingampfinance

Dollars global strength hits RupeeICICI Bank to hike ATM charges from January 1
Despite strong FII debt and equity flows, the rupee closed at an eight-month low for the second straight day on Thursday, recovering from an intra-day low of 62.23. Weakening past the 62 mark, the currency hit a nine-month low of 62.23 intra-day as importers queued up to purchase dollars. “There haven’t been too many buyers in a long while so there is excess pent up demand,” said Mecklai Financials CEO Jamal Mecklai.
The rupee has lost 5.3% in the last six months and dealers said the currency could weaken further if importers continue to aggressively buy dollars.
“The move to 62/$ is making a lot of people nervous,” said Mecklai.
The dollar’s singular rise against most currencies globally also dragged the rupee down. Most Asian currencies had weakened over 0.5% against the dollar on Thursday and have fallen sharply so far in 2014. For instance, the South Korean won has declined 5.85% while the Taiwanese dollar has shed 3.72%. The yen had recently hit a seven-year low against the dollar recently and has weakened by a massive 11% so far in 2014. The euro has fallen by 8.8% against the dollar.
Trade data showing a fall in exports also continued to weigh on the currency. India’s trade deficit widened to $13.3 billion in October from $10.59 billion a year ago owing to a fall in exports and a surprising rise in gold imports. Dealers said that in the absence of strong dollar inflows into Indian equity and debt markets, the rupee would have weakened even further and faster. Foreign institutions have pumped in a total $39.11 billion into bonds and shares so far in 2014. Although inflows into the debt market have been at a record level ($23.7 billion so far in 2014), inflows into equities has outstripped debt in November so far, the first time in 2014-15.
TAGS: Indian Rupee US Dollar
More from bankingampfinance

Land Act to raise costs  hit output: CILIndia market is good at  balancing rigour and magic: Lindsay Pattison, Global CEO, Maxus
Coal India (CIL) has petitioned its parent ministry saying the new land acquisition Act’s compensation clause has inflated its cost of land, potentially jeopardising a plan to double output to 1 billion tonnes in five years, reports Sumit Jha in New Delhi. “Viability of our (mining) projects will be affected adversely on account of higher cost of land caused by the new R&R (resettlement and rehabilitation) obligations (imposed by the Act), a senior CIL official told FE on condition of anonymity.
“A number of projects, though technically feasible, are not getting financially viable and are falling short of threshold requirement of 12% IRR (internal rate of return). There is a need to relax the proposed compensation clause under the new Act,” the official added.
Given the stagnation in domestic coal output that widened the demand-supply gap of the fuel, power and steel companies have stepped up imports in recent years, despite the imports being costlier. The surge in coal imports also created an additional threat to India’s current account balance. Imports this year are likely to rise nearly 100% from three years ago to 180 million tonnes.
“(Issues of) land acquisition are definitely a major roadblock to Coal India. But we have recently made headway in West Bengal where the government has responded favourably on the land acquisition process for projects that have been stuck for several years. The central government is already working to make the law more conducive to acquisition,” coal secretary Anil Swarup told FE. Finance minister Arun Jaitley had said that land acquisition law would see some industry-friendly changes whether or not some sections resisted them.
According to an estimate, investments to the tune of Rs 5 lakh crore have been hit by paucity/unavailability of coal. CIL expects to mine 507 million tonnes in 2015, up 9.6% over last year. In parallel, the government is also making efforts to augment private coal production (from captive mines) to a creditable 400 million tonnes a year by 2019 from less than 50 million tonnes now. Swarup on Thursday told Reuters that India will allow locally registered foreign firms to mine and sell coal when commercial mining is permitted as part of the opening up of the industry that was nationalised four decades ago. But a timeline for this is yet to be announced.
While it was easier for CIL to acquire land under the Coal Bearing Area Act, 1952, which deals with land likely to contain coal deposits, the task becomes onerous when land is to be acquired under the new land acquisition Act for purposes not directly related to coal mining like setting up of offices or other permanent infrastructure, sources explained. The new Act stipulates compensation to the people affected by land acquisition for projects of public purpose should be four times the market value of the land in rural areas and twice the market rates in urban localities.
To achieve the 1-billion-tonne output target by 2019, CIL envisages taking up 126 new projects, with an estimated maximum output of 375 million tonnes per annum, in addition to 149 ongoing ones. Only 49 of these projects have already been approved by the firm after techno-economic studies. The rest of the projects are being considered by the firm and its respective subsidiaries.
“It (the target) would indeed be challenging in view of the progress being made. The government will have to ensure that both ongoing and new projects get requisite land in a time-bound manner since the gestation period involved in ramping up production after the possession of land is about three to five years,” the CIL official added.
CIL expects that the timely execution of three crucial railway lines in eastern and central India will help ramp bump production by 150 million tonnes. The other immediate steps being planned are equipment procurement for the new projects in a manner that leaves no scope for re-tendering, a common occurrence that has led to delays in several projects earlier. The Maharatna PSU also needs to put a special dispensation in place to obtain environmental and forest clearances. Recently, many of its projects got these clearances after the Modi government fast-tracked them.
TAGS: Coal India Land Acquisition Act
More from companies
Eyeing the eyes With BARC's new audience measurement system ready to make its debut, it’s a new dawn breaking on audience metrics in the television broadcast sector. But for other media such as print, radio or out of home, it’s a lot like the dark ages

Chennai monorail gets urban development ministry nod3G roaming issue: Supreme Court seeks reply from major firms
The ministry of urban development has accorded an ‘in-principle’ approval to the Tamil Nadu government for taking up the Chennai Monorail Project (CMP) phase-1. Under the project, monorail services will be provided between Poonamalle and Kathipara with a link from Porur to Vadapalani with a total length of 20.68 km, with an estimated cost of R3,267 crore.
As per the approval, the project would be implemented under design, build, finance, operate and transfer model with the entire funding coming from the state government and state government agencies along with public-private partnership without any financial support from the government of India.
The approval comes with conditions by the Centre to the Tamil Nadu government basically on ensuring price-based measures to promote ridership as part of an integrated traffic rationalisation plan for the city. The state has been told to make a suitable arrangement, independent of special purpose vehicle for periodic fare revision for other competing modes while providing multimodal integration, including suburban railways to ensure network connectivity in the region to provide seamless travel.
The Tamil Nadu government is also required to set up a unified metropolitan transport authority, duly backed by legislation, to facilitate coordinated planning and implementation of urban transport projects and  the government of Tamil Nadu and the central government would set up a joint oversight mechanism, the details of which would be incorporated in the MoU to be signed between the two.
TAGS: Chennai Monorail Tamil Nadu Government
More from economy

MMRDA approves Rs 45k cr for metro corridors  flyovers3G roaming issue: Supreme Court seeks reply from major firms
The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) on Thursday approved close to R45,000 crore worth of infrastructure projects for Mumbai Metropolitan Region, including two metro corridors and few flyovers that will reduce traveling time and increase convenience of travel in the city.
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis, who is also the chairman of the MMRDA, gave a go ahead to the much-awaited metro corridors of Dahisar-Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd (DCBM) and Wadala-Ghatkopar-Thane-Kasarvadavali (WGTK) projects at the authority’s meeting held in Mumbai. The authority also approved four flyovers and a road to clear the daily peak -hour traffic chaos in the alternate business district of Bandra-Kurla Complex.
The 40-km long completely underground DCBM Metro Corridor, running from Dahisar in north Mumbai till Mankhurd in the east, via Charkop and Bandra, is estimated to cost R25,605 crore. This is the metro section that was earlier planned to be developed by a Reliance Infrastructure-led consortium as a 32-km entirely elevated corridor running from Charkop till Mankhurd, via Bandra. Last week, RInfra and MMRDA announced that the company and the state government have mutually decided to terminate the concession agreement “at no cost or claim to either party”.
The other metro line that got approval will be a 32-km-long partially underground and elevated corridor, which is expected to cost R19,097 crore. This section will connect Wadala in the eastern part of the island city to far off suburbs in east MMR, via Ghatkopar and Thane.
Both these metro corridors will be implemented by the Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation (MMRC) within a period of six to seven years, MMRDA said in a press release. Half of the project cost of both the corridors will be funded through loans from international finance agencies. Of the remaining project cost for the two metros, central government is likely to bring in 20% and the state government/MMRDA will pitch in 30% by way of equity and sub debt.
The MMRDA has been partnering with international finance agencies like Japan government’s Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) for various infrastructure projects in the city. JICA has agreed to extend a loan of close to R13,000 crore for the 32.5-km-long underground metro being planned from Colaba in south Mumbai to SEEPZ in the north, via Bandra. The state authority is also in talks with JICA for the funding of R11,000-crore Mumbai Trans Harbour Link, another show-piece project of the city.
To de-congest the junction leading to the alternate business district of Bandra-Kurla Complex, the authority has also given its approval for constructing four flyovers and a road at a cost of R227 crore. These projects will ease the approach to BKC from Bandra-Worli Sea Link, Dharavi and Western Express Highway saving commuting time.
TAGS: Devendra Fadnavis MMRDA
More from economy

Work on TAPI pipeline to start in 20153G roaming issue: Supreme Court seeks reply from major firms
The work on the much-talked about Turkmenistan– Afghanistan–Pakistan–India pipeline (TAPI) would start in 2015, a government statement said on Thursday. The steering committee meeting for the cross-country pipeline was held at Ashgabat in Turkmenistan on Thursday, where all stakeholders agreed steps will be taken to start the project, which will transport up to 33 billion cubic meters of natural gas a year from Turkmenistan to Afghanistan, Pakistan and India. The next meeting will be held in February 2015 in Islamabad.
TAGS: Afghanistan India Pakistan TAPI Pipeline
More from economy

Bosch strike: Employees union accuses company of unfair practicesIndia market is good at  balancing rigour and magic: Lindsay Pattison, Global CEO, Maxus
The employees’ union of Bosch’s Bangalore plant on Thursday submitted a memorandum to the Karnataka labour commissioner’s office accusing the management of “unfair labour practices”.
Mico Employees Association’s allegation is that the management is carrying out production by deploying unskilled workers, managerial staff and retired employees.
Bosch had, in a press release on Wednesday, said it was taking all necessary measures to conclude the wage negotiation discussions with the union and has urged it to call off the indefinite strike. The company had said it had put forth its best wage and benefit offer to the employees, which would increase the cost to company (CTC) of an average workman to over Rs 85,000 per month from Rs 64,000 currently.
“Considering the indexing (inflation), the proposed CTC will further increase substantially. This revised wage offer will retain the Bosch workmen compensation as one of the best in the manufacturing industry,” Bosch had said in its release. The union, meanwhile, is asking for a wage hike comparable to that for the Nashik plant, where the wage hike settlement was concluded some months ago.
The union also raised the issue of suspension of its office-bearers recently, accusing the management of victimising them. The Bosch management, in its release, had alleged unruly behaviour on part of two of union representatives during a recent negotiation meeting, saying it had taken the necessary action as per the company’s standing orders.
Bosch on Thursday said in a communication to the BSE that it planned to suspend manufacturing operations at the Nashik plant for two days, starting November 21, with a view to adjust production to demand.
TAGS: Bosch Bosch Bengaluru
More from companies
Eyeing the eyes With BARC's new audience measurement system ready to make its debut, it’s a new dawn breaking on audience metrics in the television broadcast sector. But for other media such as print, radio or out of home, it’s a lot like the dark ages

DHS chief recommended and supports Obama immigration planBy Josh Hicks November 21 Follow @reporter_hicks
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson will visit one of the nation’s busiest border stations on Friday to brief department employees on the president’s immigration actions. (AP/Charles Dharapak)
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson claimed some of the credit for President Obama’s immigration plans on Thursday, saying in a letter to employees that he “recommended” and supports every aspect of the initiative.
During a prime-time address, Obama laid out actions that include administrative relief and work permits for as many as 4 million undocumented immigrants, including foreign-born parents of U.S. citizens and young immigrants who were brought to the country illegally as children.
Johnson said the initiative came about through “candid and extended consultations” with leaders at Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
“Many of the actions the president will announce tonight must be implemented by you,” he wrote in the letter to Homeland Security employees.
Johnson added that the plan is “well within our legal authority to direct and implement,” responding to critics who have questioned Obama’s power to act on his own.
House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Mike McCaul (R-Texas) said in a statement on Thursday that the president’s actions are “unconstitutional” and amount to “amnesty to millions of unlawful immigrants.”
“History has proven that unilateral action on immigration simply perpetuates a cycle of illegal entry into this country,” McCaul added.
The president on Thursday challenged Congress to pass legislation that would address the immigration system comprehensively.
In addition to the relief for some undocumented immigrants, the administration intends to refocus deportation efforts on felons, gang members and recent border-crossers, which he referred to as the “actual threats to our security.”
Johnson said he will travel to the McAllen, Texas Customs and Border Protection station, one of the busiest in the nation, to brief members of the Homeland Security workforce with department leaders.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Explore Old Goas heritage churchesBigg Boss 8
Heritage Trail: The Churches of Old Goa
The Basilica of Bom Jesus, an imposing reddish-brown laterite stone structure in Old Goa, is a church unlike any other in the region. More than its antiquity — it dates back to 1605 — it is revered by Roman Catholics for it treasures the mortal remains of St Francis Xavier, co-founder of the Society of Jesus. Francis Xavier played a major role in the instruction of the Christian faith in Portuguese Goa. He even played a role in the infamous Goa Inquisition, in which new converts to Roman Catholicism — identified by the pejorative Rice Christians, for they were alleged to have accepted baptism in exchange for bags of rice and other material benefits — were tried and sentenced to death for reverting to the rituals and practices of their original religions, in this case Hinduism and Islam.
In 1552, proselytisation took Francis Xavier to Shangchuan Island on the southern coast of China, where he took ill and died. He was buried on a beach. This was the first burial. When his body was exhumed for reburial, it was found to be incorrupt - it had not decomposed. It was taken by ship to Malacca and buried again at St Paul’s Church. When it was exhumed again in 1553, it was found intact. From here the body was brought to Goa and kept in a glass container encased in a silver casket at the Basilica of Bom Jesus, where it remains today. The right forearm, which the saint used to baptise his converts, was detached and taken to the main Jesuit church in Rome where it is displayed in a silver reliquary. Another arm-bone was brought to Macau. The body also has missing toes, bitten and taken away as souvenirs or relics by the overzealous devout.
Every ten years, the sacred relics of St Francis Xavier are brought to Se Cathedral, across the road from Bom Jesus Basilica, and displayed to flocks of devout Christians in a ceremony called The Exposition. The 17th Exposition begins November 21 and continues until January 4.
Old Goa, known as Velha Goa (distinct from Goa Velha - which lies further south and was the erstwhile Govapuri, the capital of the Hindu Kadamb kingdom), was the capital of the Portuguese government in India and was vacated and moved to Panjim after several successive outbreaks of bubonic plague that claimed many lives and struck terror in the hearts of the inhabitants. Today, the buildings of Old Goa comprise a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Besides the Bom Jesus Basilica, Old Goa has a number of old churches and buildings. Among these are the imposing Se Cathedral, the Church of St Francis of Assisi, the chapel of St Catherine, the Chapel of Our Lady of the Mount, the Church of Our Lady of Rosary, the Church of St Cajetan, the Chapel of St Anthony and the ruins of the Tower of St Augustine’s Church. There are also other monuments and antiquarian structures such as the gateway of the College of St Paul and the Viceroy’s Arch.
Join Travel Editor BIJOY VENUGOPAL on a photographic tour of the heritage churches of Old Goa.
One of the most recognisable buildings in Old Goa is the Basilica of Bom Jesus, with its exteriors fashioned out of reddish-brown laterite stone.
1 / 30
Yahoo Lifestyle | Photo by Bijoy Venugopal / Yahoo India Travel
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 4:30 PM IST

Hillary Clintons fateful tweetBy Jennifer Rubin November 21 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Last night, Hillary Clinton tweeted: “Thanks to POTUS for taking action on immigration in the face of inaction. Now let’s turn to permanent bipartisan reform.” It was, for an intensely cautious politician, a very reckless move.
Hillary Clinton speaks at a reelection campaign rally for Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) in Nashua, N.H., on Nov. 2. (Brian Snyder/Reuters)
In the broadest sense, her biggest hurdle may be in running in effect for the third term of an unpopular president. This is one more instance in which she identifies not only with the substance but also the tactics of the president. The go-it-alone, in-your-face dysfunction is what has a good deal of the public up in arms. Any GOP governor who might get the 2016 presidential nomination will vow to change that and work cooperatively with the other side. Clinton now has aligned herself with the new normal of constant conflict in Washington.
Moreover, the problem Clinton has is the same as the president’s — there is no limiting principle she can point to that will assure voters that she, like the president, won’t go off on a lark ignoring election returns and the Congress. How do we know she won’t stop enforcing other parts of the immigration law or drug laws or campaign finance laws? If asked to give a rationale for why her opponent couldn’t refuse to enforce tax obligations or environmental regulations, she will be hard-pressed to give a definitive rule that allows only her party the ability to refuse enforcement of duly passed laws.
In addition, Clinton’s willingness to join the president on his extra-constitutional jaunt plays into her opponents’ argument: Unlike her husband, who told us that if you worked hard and played by the rules, you’d do well, her party increasingly makes up rules for its favored groups and cronies. The rules don’t apply if you are on the good side of the Democratic elites. That is a powerful populist theme for a skilled opponent.
And finally, Clinton already has the reputation for being a calculating, opportunistic pol. She was so very much in sync with the president, but . . . she really had profound, albeit secret, objections to his Syria, Iran and al-Qaeda policies. She is all for the little people, but . . . she feeds at the trough of Big Business and uses the Clinton Foundation to, for example, help finance lavish travel arrangements . She is all for bipartisan reform, but . . . she cheers when the president snubs Congress. It is the lack of consistency — some would call it hypocrisy — that makes her the embodiment of the political class.
Now, Republican 2016 aspirants can get snared in the immigration issue as well. So far, however, the comments of potential 2016 contenders have been remarkably restrained and thoughtful, at least most of them. Texas Gov. Rick Perry (“It is time for the president and Congress to secure the border, followed by meaningful reforms. There is no more time for political grandstanding”) and former Florida governor Jeb Bush (“President Obama has once again put divisive and manipulative politics before the sober leadership and sound laws required of an exceptional nation. It is time for Republican leaders in Congress to act. We must demonstrate to Americans we are the Party that will tackle serious challenges and build broad-based consensus to achieve meaningful reforms for our citizens and our future”) struck the right note. However, for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who coyly has refused to spell out his immigration views (even as governor, shouldn’t he have some?), it will be hard to remain noncommittal.
Whoever goes up against Clinton — should she decide to run — will need to capture the populist ethos, stand for the little guy and point to liberal favoritism, but also show that he or she is the candidate who can get along with others, really does listen to voters and is respectful of the Constitution. Fortunately, Clinton made it a lot easier for the GOP by making immigration about lawlessness, hypocrisy and abuse of power rather than a path to citizenship. She, like the president, may have a knack for uniting Republicans and making them seem to be the reasonable alternative to chaotic and inept governance.
Here are the highlights from President Obama's speech on immigration, in which he outlined his executive action to shield 4 million illegal immigrants from deportation. (Ashleigh Joplin/The Washington Post)
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Conservatives  manners and -isms  continuedBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 21 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
British physicist Matt Taylor sports a bowling shirt featuring a collage of pin-up girls during an interview at the European Space Agency in Darmstadt, Germany, on Nov. 13. Taylor later offered an apology about his shirt, saying, “I made a big mistake, and I offended many people.” (Associated Press/European Space Agency)
This week, I wrote a post about proposed conservative solutions to some instances of racism and sexism that I think merits a follow-up. In it, I suggested that while I generally disagree entirely with the analysis of race and class (among other things) that writers such as Charles Krauthammer and Rich Lowry employ in thinking about policy, there are certain cultural moments and kinds of interactions where women and people of color might get good results by asking some people to be more considerate and mannerly.
The inspiration for this follow-up was a very interesting conversation on Twitter with one of my occasional correspondents who felt I came across as endorsing what might broadly be called respectability politics, the set of ideas suggesting that oppressed people ought to conduct themselves in a less unruly manner, and thereby win the respect of and concessions from their oppressors.
I understand the distaste for such calls for civility, and I share them. There is something obscene about asking that people behave much better than they are being treated by people with much greater power. Such a request often serves to obscure the failures of the person or institution making it to treat other people humanely and with dignity. If manners and codes of conduct are to mean anything, they cannot end at the boardroom door or the dining room lintel.
If you want to undermine a movement to dismantle sexism, racism or homophobia, a very effective way to do it is to get people to focus on their personal advancement instead. I always think of the final image of “12 Years a Slave” when I think of respectability politics. Solomon Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor), having finally been freed from slavery through his persistence, courage and the education and ability to write that make him appealing to a white abolitionist (Brad Pitt), sits on the cart that will take him away from the plantation where he has been held in bondage. And to make his journey home bearable, he must look away from Patsey (Lupita Nyong’o), who he must leave behind to a life of unimaginable abuse.
As a tool of protest, unruliness absolutely has its purposes. It looks as though Ava DuVernay’s upcoming “Selma,” for example, will do a strong job of communicating what it looks like when orderly people behave in a minorly disorderly way and provoke a much more shameful and uncontrolled reaction upon themselves. A small violation of the rules, such as walking across the Edmund Pettus Bridge,  elicited a wildly disproportionate response from Alabama law enforcement officials: The events would become known as Bloody Sunday, and a powerful part of the shameful record of the civil rights movement.
Civil disobedience often tests the desire of powerful organizations to be seen as legitimate and bound by clear rules and standards — it is, essentially, a test of manners and norms. There is something radical about making such a request for civility and good manners upward, and to turn powerful people’s sense of their own sophistication and goodness against them.
Asking someone who would not use racial slurs against Jews or African Americans why he or she is uncomfortable extending that same courtesy and consideration to Native Americans will force a genuinely good-hearted, thoughtful person to confront his or her contradictions. Asking someone like physicist Matt Taylor whether he considered the feelings of his female colleagues and science fans everywhere before putting on that stupid bowling shirt would probably make him think twice.
It might feel futile to ask people to imagine what it would feel like if their sons were stopped and shot by the police. But that question obligates the people to whom it is directed to justify any difference they might see between young men like Michael Brown and Jordan Davis and their own children. That is a very different conversation than one in which we need to argue for Brown and Davis’s humanity against the presumption that they were thugs and criminals.
These conversations and requests for polite considerations will not work with all people, and they are certainly not a solution to the significant structural problems of race, class, gender, sexual orientation and gender identity that confront us today. They are certainly harder to pose to people we do not know personally.
But fighting the big fights takes tremendous energy. If we can save each other some of the constant little stings that sap our resources, I’m all for adding etiquette to the list of demands.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Republicans finally file lawsuit against Obama -- and stand to gain almost nothingComments
By Paul Waldman November 21
Back in June, House Republicans announced, with deep regret yet great fanfare, that they were going to sue Barack Obama over his tyrannical usurpation of power. The suit was never actually filed; two lawyers the House had hired ended up quitting, and it looked as if it would fade away.
Then this week Republicans announced that they had found another lawyer to take the case, George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley, who says he’s a liberal but has become an intense critic of the Obama administration. Just four days later, the lawsuit has finally been filed :
House Republicans filed a long-threatened lawsuit Friday against the Obama administration over unilateral actions on the health care law that they say are abuses of the president’s executive authority.
The lawsuit — filed against the secretaries of the Health and Human Services and Treasury Departments — focuses on two crucial aspects of the way the administration has put the Affordable Care Act into effect.
The suit accuses the Obama administration of unlawfully postponing a requirement that larger employers offer health coverage to their full-time employees or pay penalties. (Larger companies are defined as those with 50 or more employees.)
In July 2013, the administration deferred that requirement until 2015. Seven months later, the administration announced a further delay , until 2016, for employers with 50 to 99 employees.
The suit also challenges what it says is President Obama ‘s unlawful giveaway of roughly $175 billion to insurance companies under the law. According to the Congressional Budget Office , the administration will pay that amount to the companies over the next 10 years, though the funds have not been appropriated by Congress. The lawsuit argues that it is an unlawful transfer of funds.
Call me cynical, but I can’t help but think that the newfound urgency to move ahead with the suit has something to do with President Obama’s immigration order. If conservative Republicans aren’t satisfied with whatever confrontation their leaders manage to create with Obama over immigration, John Boehner can say, “Don’t forget, we’re suing him!”
But what do Republicans get if they win this suit? Not much more than a symbolic victory. The actual complaints in the suit were always strange — they’re suing Obama for delaying the employer mandate, a provision they despise. If they won, he’d be forced to speed up implementation of the mandate, even as Republicans are pressing to eliminate it altogether. And by the time the suit wends its way through the courts, the issue will probably be moot. The mandate for employers with over 100 workers goes into effect in January (though they are only required to cover 70 percent of their employees, and almost all companies of that size already provided coverage even before the law was passed). And the mandate for the mid-size companies goes into effect in a year. By the time the case is heard by a high court, the remedy it’s seeking will probably have already taken place.
As for the other of the suit’s complaints, on cost-sharing subsidies, if Republicans are successful in killing them it would mean that poor people would have to pay more in copays and deductibles. But unlike the subsidies in three dozen states that are at issue in the King v. Burwell lawsuit, which the Supreme Court recently agreed to hear, this provision isn’t critical to the law’s basic functioning. So apart from the satisfaction some Republicans might receive from making life harder for the working poor, even if they win this lawsuit they won’t have dealt the ACA a serious blow.
Legal experts who have looked at this suit haven’t found much merit in it, particularly on the claim about the employer mandate. Federal agencies frequently delay the implementation of far-reaching regulations while practical problems are worked out. But even if they prevail, all Republicans stand to gain is the ability to say that they beat Barack Obama in court. Which may be more than nothing, but it isn’t much more than that.

65 inches to 2 in under five miles: Buffalos incredible lake effect snow gradientBy Steve Tracton and Angela Fritz November 21 Follow @angelafritz
This video shows a time lapse of the snowstorm sweeping through Buffalo from Lake Erie on Nov. 18. (Joseph DeBenedicti and Jason Holler via YouTube)
Buffalo, N.Y.’s “insane” lake effect snow storm was remarkable, and not only for the tremendous amount of snow that fell in 24 hours. The incredible symmetry and sharp boundaries of the event, and the stubborn persistence of the factors contributing to its severity have turned this week’s lake effect snow storm into one for the ages.
Lake effect snow occurs when cold air moves over warmer water, most commonly during cold snaps in early winter. The transfer of heat and moisture from the water to the air creates a shallow layer of convective instability — a meteorological way to say “this air is going to rise fast.” As the moisture rises and condenses it soon begins to fall in the form of snow.
The biggest lake effect snow events will occur when the winds are blowing parallel to the length of the lake. In this case, a wind out of the southwest will have plenty of time to pick up moisture from the warm waters of Lake Erie, before dumping it in the form of snow over western New York. On Tuesday, the surface water temperature of Lake Erie was a steamy 54 degrees Fahrenheit — a full 40 degrees warmer than the surrounding land temperatures.
(NWS)
The net result was a shallow, unstable air mass lying along on what effectively is a coastal front – not dissimilar, except for the much deeper vertical extent, from cold season coastal fronts along the southeast Atlantic shoreline.
Strong lake effect snow bands can develop parallel to the lake when the temperature difference between lake and air is very high. As air converges on the area of highest warmth, it rises and forms the single, intense snow band. On Tuesday, the upper level winds helped to steer the snow in a beeline toward the south Buffalo suburbs. The bands are a relatively narrow few miles in width, so it’s not unusual for one neighborhood to get clobbered while a nearby might get only an inch or two.
Surface winds over New York on Tuesday. (College of DuPage)
This week’s winds were alarmingly favorable for an intense snow band to set up along Lake Erie. The southwest wind trajectory was nearly parallel to the orientation of the lake, thereby increasing the length of time that low-level cold air has to pick up heat and moisture.
Updated W. New York lake #snow totals since Monday… and new records broken in Michigan. http://t.co/fWBuE1O1Xw pic.twitter.com/BYopD1Cid2
— The Weather Channel (@weatherchannel) November 21, 2014
As the band of snow begins to form, an interesting thing happens. Air rises in the snowy regions and then sinks on either side, which creates an often cloudless, high pressure zone, and amplifies the distinct transition between snow and no snow. This effect maximized along the northeast shoreline between Lackawanna and Buffalo where, not surprisingly, the multi-feet, record amounts of snow fell, while minimal —  if any — fell just a few miles away.
Buffalo has been hit with more than five feet of snow from this week’s intense lake effect snow event. Capital Weather Gang’s Angela Fritz explains how lake effect snow happens and who will be hardest hit. (Davin Coburn and Jorge Ribas/The Washington Post)
Angela Fritz is an atmospheric scientist and The Post's deputy weather editor.

Adani s controversial foray down underAdani s controversial foray down under
Amidst rumours of stake sale   SpiceJet says exploring all options for fundsAmidst rumours of stake sale   SpiceJet says exploring all options for funds
Bank of Baroda to open 400 new branchesBank of Baroda to open 400 new branches
To make a citysmartThough revolutionary for the time, their ideas of mixed use, carless living have now become accepted practice in most new American and European cities.
Written by Gautam Bhatia | Posted: November 22, 2014 12:11 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 7:45 am
One of the many ideas that helped propel Narendra Modi into the PM’s office was his belief that urban India needed help, and he would provide it with the smart city. Based on 21st century ideals that people in cities should be connected to computer-aided grids for electricity, security, transport and personal banking, Modi has planned to devote part of his budget to 100 such cities across India.
Is the computerisation of urban services the only way to make Indian cities smart? Aren’t there more serious issues of demographics, economics and social divide that need to be addressed? Besides, how can a country that has stuck to makeshift, unmapped and unplanned forms of urban living succeed in such technically advanced ventures?
For the past half a century, the rest of the world has experimented with urban ideas in an attempt to find serious alternatives to the growing problems of cities — urbanisation, congestion, pollution, transport and changing life patterns. Reston and Columbia, outside Washington, were planned in the 1960s as high-density developments, a series of village-like clusters built around a town centre, with easy pedestrian connections between home, shopping and office. Though revolutionary for the time, their ideas of mixed use, carless living have now become accepted practice in most new American and European cities.
The experience of Abu Dhabi’s Masdar City may not be as successful, but the sheer scale of the ongoing exercise has created hope that a new life is possible without waste or fossil fuels, and with no carbon footprint. Dongtan in eastern China attempts an even bigger experiment by trying to build the first settlement of one million, with an alternative lifestyle — no cars, no conventional energy, no outside source of water and electricity, limited home ownership.
In none of these experiments is success presumed. Dongtan and Masdar are behind schedule, and both have undergone serious revisions as technology changed, becoming dynamic models of altering environments and economics. Moreover, given the complexities of social life, local culture and urban values, the varying nature of such extreme experiments provides a truer picture of what the new city may be like, its pitfalls and successes. There are, of course, enough corrective measures in place to ensure the ultimate product will perform.
Sadly, over the last century, the inability to think beyond time-tested ideas has made India a stagnant backwater of conformity and defeat.
In the 1980s, when the Centre for Science and Environment and other urban organisations promoted alternatives to the problems of the city, and suggested ideas tested in other parts of the world, the government balked at it. The new Indian city remained only on paper.
What will it take to continued…

City with the ravishedsoulPrint
Laurent Gayer consoles us by saying Karachi is not as knocked-up as Caracas and Guatemala City in other parts of the world, where the state is in the same process of recession — silently predicting we may have to survive yet higher levels of violence in Karachi to match the thresholds achieved by them.
Written by Khaled Ahmed | Posted: November 22, 2014 12:04 am
No one knows more about Karachi than this extraordinary Frenchman named Laurent Gayer, with his undying French sensibility producing gems like “normalisation of the unofficial” to describe the death of a metropolis in his book Karachi: Ordered Disorder and the Struggle for the City (OUP 2014). He consoles us by saying Karachi is not as knocked-up as Caracas and Guatemala City in other parts of the world, where the state is in the same process of recession — silently predicting we may have to survive yet higher levels of violence in Karachi to match the thresholds achieved by them.
Karachi was a halcyon city under the British Raj and under Pakistan, in the afterglow until the 1980s, when the country faced the Soviet invasion next door in Afghanistan, which stuffed the city with more alien populations than it could take without going bust.
Gayer says Karachi was founded by Hindu “baniya” traders of upper Sindh, later supplemented by similarly occupied Hindus and Muslims from Gujarat. My own finding is that the Hindus of Gujarat, calling themselves Lohana, were not original to Gujarat. BJP leader L.K. Advani says in his memoir that he was a Sindhi Hindu, but his ancestors had come from Multan in Punjab. Discovery: Holi was first observed in Multan, where Prahlad and Holika lived.
By: Pradeep Yadav
Gayer writes: “[Through] its origins, Karachi has been a city of migrants. It was developed in the early 18th century by Hindu merchants (baniya) from the Sindhi hinterland, before attracting large numbers of traders, entrepreneurs and workers from Kutch, Gujarat, Bombay and Balochistan, so much so that by 1921, the number of residents born outside of Karachi amounted to almost half of the total population of the city.”
The city had self-destruct genes at its birth: it grew 369 per cent between 1941 and 1961, the “fastest rate of growth ever registered for a city of that size in world history”. Here is a shocking glimpse of what happened: “In 1941, 51 per cent of the city’s inhabitants were Hindu and only 42 per cent Muslim. Ten years later, 96 per cent of the city’s total population was Muslim, and only 2 per cent Hindu.” And 55 per cent were Muslim refugees from continued…

Four-day exhibition on industrial robotics begins at GLADAGroundPrint
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Ludhiana | Posted: November 22, 2014 12:00 am
With a focus on industrial robotics, a four-day International Engineering Technology and Sourcing show (IETSS) in collaboration with Exhibition on Machine Tools and Automation Technology (EMAT) was inaugurated at GLADA Ground on Chandigarh road on Friday.
Around 240 stalls from across the country and abroad have been put on display.
As many as 13 companies displayed their robots and automated machines at the exhibition.
These robots can not only improve the quality of work but also reduce the labour requirements.
In Ludhiana around 25-30 large and medium scale units have started industrial robotics in their units to bring about consistency in work, said Upkar Singh, general secretary of chamber of industrial and commercial undertakings (CICU), an organiser of the exhibition.
S B Singh, from CICU  said, “All those units who supply parts to big companies such as Hero Moto corp, Honda etc have introduced industrial robotics to reduce the errors.”
If industrial robotics is implemented in a unit that requires 200 workers, the requirement can be reduced to 20 skilled workers who can control the machines.
It is a one-time investment ranging between Rs 15 lakh and Rs 2 crore per machine. However, the returns are more than what one can get through manual labour. “The exhibition will also organise Punjab Africa Trade conference in which 10 Ambassadors of African countries will take part to explore trade opportunities in Punjab,” a member of the organising committee said.

New building for mother & child care inaugurated at Ludhiana CivilHospitalPrint
By: Express News Service | Ludhiana | Posted: November 22, 2014 12:00 am
A Mother and child care unit was inaugurated at Ludhiana Civil Hospital on Friday by Health Minister Surjit Kumar Jayani. The new building, built at a cost of  Rs 17.5 crore, is located at the Ludhiana Civil Hospital. Hospital authorities said that staff shortage is the main cause for concern.
Staff and hospital beds have been shifted from Civil Hospital, Khanna and adjoining areas to the new building. The Occupational therapy (OT) is yet to be made functional.
Health authorities,  however, said that machines and other equipment of the existing maternity ward in Civil Hospital will be shifted in the new building and that ward would be used for some other purposes in the civil hospital. Jayani said that the hospital would provide emergency health services to pregnant women residing in Ludhiana and adjoining districts.
While talking to mediapersons, Jayani said that the new building is fully air conditioned and Punjab Health Systems Corporation would deploy specialist gynecologists and pediatrics.
He added that pregnant women will be able to avail free healthcare services before and after delivery of a child for one year and in case of a female child, health care facility would be provided for five years.
He said that the hospital would be well-equipped with modern technology to conduct all kinds of tests, x-rays, scans, ultrasound, etc. on very reasonable rates.
The hospital will also have Intensive Care Unit (ICU) and Special Newborn Care Unit (SNCU), which would be instrumental in reducing mother child mortality rate during delivery. However, all the facilities are yet to be started. A food court will also be started at the new building.

Not so easy to ActEastThrough his visit across the eastern seas, Modi affirmed that India under the NDA government has entered a new era of economic development, industrialisation and trade.
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: November 22, 2014 12:00 am
By changing the name of India’s Asia policy from “Look East” to “Act East”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi was signalling that he would be more proactive and purposeful than his predecessors in the region. To be sure, New Delhi has made much progress in reconnecting with Asia since the early 1990s. Yet the gap between potential and reality has steadily grown. So has the gulf between rising regional expectations of an Indian role in Asia and the political will in Delhi to measure up.
Modi wowed his Asian interlocutors in Myanmar, Australia and Fiji with his promises to inject new energy into India’s engagement with Asia in the economic, political and security domains. Through his visit across the eastern seas, Modi affirmed that India under the NDA government has entered a new era of economic development, industrialisation and trade. The PM showcased the “Make in India” policy and his efforts to reduce the difficulties in doing business in the country. He invited business leaders and the diaspora to come and invest in India and promised the region’s political leaders that his government is ready to wrap up pending free-trade agreements with Asean and Australia.
In the meeting with Asean leaders in Myanmar, Modi reaffirmed India’s commitment to deepening physical connectivity with the region. He announced his intent to create a “special purpose vehicle” to implement the connectivity projects expeditiously. Modi also expanded the scale and scope of India’s development assistance to the lesser-developed Asean states and the Pacific Islands.
That the strategic engagement of the region has acquired a new salience under the Act East policy was underlined by the new agreement for security cooperation with Australia. The UPA government had set voluntary limits to India’s defence diplomacy in the East by deferring to presumed Chinese sensitivities, even before Beijing had expressed them. Whether it is the intensification of defence cooperation with Vietnam or initiating cooperation with Fiji, Modi’s Delhi is willing to do what it thinks is right for India without second-guessing Beijing’s reaction.
Engaging the diaspora in Australia and Fiji was also one of the main purposes of Modi’s extended travel to the region. As part of a new effort to build lasting bonds with the overseas Indian community, Modi has promised the liberalisation of India’s visa policies. Above all, Modi’s Act East policy has widened the canvas by putting Australia at the centre of India’s eastern strategy and the south Pacific back on India’s political radar. Through his visit, Modi demonstrated an acute awareness of the new maritime dynamic shaping Asian geopolitics and was explicit in affirming India’s concerns about the current conflicts in the South China continued…

Krishna athletes reign supremeUpdated: November 22, 2014 00:25 IST
Krishna athletes reign supreme
Tweet
THE HINDU
Vijayawada MP Kesineni Srinivas handing over a trophy to Krishna shuttlers in the closing ceremony of Rajiv Gandhi Khel Abhiyan sports meet for women at DRRMC indoor stadium at Vijayawada on Friday. Excise Minister Kollu Ravindra is also seen. Photo: Ch. Vijaya Bhaskar
Sportspersons win four gold medals in meet
Krishna District athletes’ reigned supreme winning four gold medals in archery, gymnastics, badminton and table tennis in the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Abhiyan women’s sports and games meet that concluded on Friday. East Godavari and Vizag took weightlifting and tennis honours while Chittoor and Kurnool took the first place in judo and swimming respectively.
Speaking at the closing ceremony, Minister for Excise Kollu Ravindra said that these meets will help sports administrators tap the raw talent from rural areas.
“Sports, when compared other countries, is lagging behind in India and the need of the hour of effective policies both by the Central and the State governments. Sports took back seat during the Congress rule for 10 years and the new State after bifurcation will witness surge in sports activities under the stewardship of Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu,” he promised.
MP Kesineni Srinivas said under the Local Area Development Scheme he had sanctioned Rs. 3 lakhs to 100-odd municipal schools in city towards purchase of sports equipment.
“The new capital city will witness best of sports infrastructure and playfields. Andhra Cricket Association has already taken the cue and is constructing a stadium at Mangalagiri,” he pointed out. He said though the 13 districts did not have quality infrastructure, the athletes excelled in their respective events by winning several medals.
Zilla Parishad Chairperson Gadde Anuradha said players like Koneru Humpy and Karnam Malleswari inspired many youngsters to pursue sports and games and asked women to shun the ‘soft’ image and train hard to make a mark in sports.
Krishna District Olympic Association secretary K.P. Rao emphasised the importance of making sports as a compulsory subject in the school curriculum.
City Mayor Koneru Sridhar, Joint Collector J. Murali, sports administrators K.Ch. Punnaiah Chowdary, Ch. Satyanarayana, K. Pattabhi Ram and District Sports Development Officer P. Ramakrishna took part.

Mega celebrations of Mulayams 75th birthday begin in RampurRampur (U.P.), November 21, 2014
Updated: November 22, 2014 00:02 IST
Mega celebrations of Mulayam’s 75th birthday begin in Rampur
Atiq Khan
A file photo of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav with Azam Khan, in Lucknow.
TOPICS
politics (general)
Pomp and grandeur marked the start of the 75th birthday celebrations of Samajwadi Party partriach, Mulayam Singh, on Friday. The celebrations began with Mr. Yadav riding a Victorian age buggy reportedly imported from London. The event was hosted by Urban Development Minister, Mohammad Azam Khan in his political backyard, Rampur.
For the record, Mr. Singh’s birthday on November 22 is celebrated every year as “Samta diwas” (day of equality) throughout the State.
His son and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister, Akhilesh Yadav, younger brother and PWD Minister Shivpal Singh Yadav, accompanied him on the buggy. With almost the entire State Cabinet in attendance, the Samajwadi Party chief was driven to Mohd. Ali Jauhar University campus with school children lining up along the 12 kilometre route from Ambedkar Park to the varsity guest house.
At the stroke of midnight, Mr. Singh will cut his birthday cake, reported to be 75-feet long. On Saturday, Mr. Singh will lay the foundation stone of Jauhar Medical College and address a public meeting. Mr. Akhilesh Yadav is likely to announce some development schemes for Rampur.
Even as the grand birthday celebrations were seen as a departure from the basic Samajwadi ideology of “gaon, garib aur kisan” (village, poor and farmer), newsmen’s query on the source of funds for the lavish celebrations led Mr. Azam Khan to remark that it has been funded by “Dawood Ibrahim, Abu Salem and Taliban”. On being asked about the veracity of the statement, the State IG ( Law and Order), A. Satish Ganesh told journalists at the Home Press briefing that he was not aware of the statement.
The idea of celebrating Mr. Mulayam Singh’s 75th birthday in Rampur was mooted by the Urban Development Minister, who apparently wanted to score some political points. Not only did the celebrations help reinforce Mr. Khan’s closeness to Mr. Singh and re-invent himself as the party’s “Muslim face” with an eye on 2017 Assembly polls, it also marked a “thanksgiving” for his wife, Tazeen Fatima entering the Rajya Sabha and Jauhar University becoming a reality.

Obama plans aggressive campaign on immigrationBy Greg Jaffe November 21 Follow @GregJaffe
President Barack Obama appears on screen at the 15th annual Latin Grammy Awards at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on Thursday, Nov. 20, 2014, in Las Vegas. Obama unveiled his expansive executive actions on immigration Thursday night to spare nearly 4 million people in the U.S. illegally from deportation. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)
President Obama is poised to launch “a very aggressive sales job” aimed at explaining his executive action to protect millions of illegal immigrants from deportation, said White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer.
That effort will start on Friday with an appearance at a Las Vegas high school where the president will be introduced by Astrid Silva, a college student and immigration activist. “Putting personal faces on this story is very important,” Pfeiffer told reporters at a breakfast sponsored by The Christian Science Monitor. “We’ll see more of that today at the event from him.” From there the president will make his case in an interview on ABC’S “This Week” and in Chicago on Tuesday.
Pfeiffer said repeatedly that the president would challenge critics of his executive action to pass legislation permanently reforming the current immigration system, while at the same time making the moral case for his actions in offering protections to millions of undocumented parents of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents.
“There’s no reward for the meek here,” said Pfeiffer.
The White House’s sales job will include presidential speeches, interviews, and appearances by Cabinet officials. Pfieffer also said the White House’s efforts would be built around a heavy digital effort, previewed yesterday in the president’s video on Facebook prior to his Thursday night speech, which drew more than 3.5 million views, according to Pfeiffer. “Our big focus [initially] was the digital audience,” he said. “We are going to use all the tools at our disposal.”
Greg Jaffe covers the White House for The Washington Post, where he has been since March 2009.

Bill Cosby loses two stand-up gigs in Las Vegas and TusconBill Cosby during an interview. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
Bill Cosby just lost two more gigs.
The comedian will no longer perform stand-up shows at the Treasure Island Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas (next Friday, Nov. 28) and Desert Diamond Casino in Tucson (on Feb. 15), both establishments confirmed to the AP . The Vegas casino said it was a “mutual agreement,” while the Tucson casino did not elaborate on the reasons behind the cancellation.
Cosby, under renewed fire for multiple allegations of drugging and sexually assaulting women over the course of his career, has seen several companies distance themselves this week: NBC stopped development on an upcoming sitcom ; Netflix postponed his Thanksgiving special; and TV Land pulled reruns of “The Cosby Show” off the air.
On Friday, Comedy Central confirmed that the channel will no longer air a rerun of Cosby’s stand-up special, “Far From Finished,” the day after Thanksgiving. The special made its worldwide premiere on the network last November, and was touted as Cosby’s first TV concert special in three decades. About 2 million viewers tuned in.
It was a quick and abrupt fall  for the comedian, given that these allegations have surrounded Cosby for years. But this month more women have publicly come forward to say they had been raped by Cosby years ago. Cosby has denied these accusations for years, and this week, two of his lawyers said the claims are not true. In 2006, Cosby settled with a civil suit with a woman who said he sexually assaulted her.
Meanwhile, Cosby is still scheduled to perform a sold-out show in Melbourne, Fla., on Friday night. He also performed in the Bahamas on Thursday night and did not mention anything about the allegations.
On Friday morning, a spokesman for Centric confirmed that “The Cosby Show” reruns are still on the cable network’s schedule.
Emily Yahr covers pop culture and entertainment for the Post. Follow her on Twitter @EmilyYahr .

2015 stock outlook: Good but not great  and bumpy... 
STAN CHOE | November 21, 2014 05:08 PM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks can keep climbing next year, tacking even more gains onto their phenomenal run of the last five-plus years. Just don't expect them to be as big -- or to come with as little heartburn -- as before.
That's what mutual fund managers of all types are forecasting, as they peer ahead to 2015 and coming years. For a hint of what it may be like, just look back a few weeks when the Standard & Poor's 500 index declined more than 7 percent from mid-September through mid-October. The tumble raised investor anxiety, but a stream of strong earnings reports helped it dissipate. The S&P 500 has since climbed to another record high.
Here's a look at the expectations of fund managers for 2015:
— STOCKS CAN RISE EVEN MORE
The economy is growing, and employers have added more than 200,000 jobs for nine straight months, the longest such streak since 1995. "Everything is pointing to companies making more money going forward," says Neil Hennessy, chief investment officer of Hennessy Funds, which manages $5.7 billion in assets.
That's key because stock prices, at their heart, are a function of how much profit a company makes and how much investors will pay for it.
The stronger job market means consumers will have more money to spend. As will lower gasoline bills, now that the price of crude oil is close to a four-year low. The hope is that companies will generate more revenue as a result. That's important because, since the recession, corporate profits have grown largely as a result of cutting expenses.
Companies are squeezing more profit from each $1 in revenue than ever before: nearly 10 cents, up from an average of 6.5 cents over the last 20 years, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices. That means any increase in sales will quickly boost earnings.
— BUT DON'T EXPECT GAINS TO BE BIG, OR SMOOTH
Few fund managers argue that stock prices are cheap, at least relative to their earnings. Instead they debate whether stocks are just a little more expensive than normal or a lot more.
The S&P 500 has more than tripled since hitting bottom in early 2009, rising faster than corporate profits. Stocks in the index are trading at nearly 17 times their earnings per share over the last 12 months. In early 2009, the index's price-earnings ratio was just above 8.
And because of their high price tags, fund managers say further gains for stocks will likely have to come from earnings growth. Next year, analysts are broadly calling for a rise of 9.9 percent.
So instead of seeing another 2013, during which the S&P 500 surged 29.6 percent, it may be safer to expect annual gains closer to 5 percent or 6 percent in the next few years, says Bill Stromberg, head of equity for T. Rowe Price.
Investors should also be ready for a bumpier ride, Stromberg says. The market has been largely smooth in recent years, with stimulus from the Federal Reserve a likely cause. But the central bank last month declared an end to its bond-buying program. Many economists also expect the Federal Reserve to raise short-term interest rates next year for the first time since 2006. That could lead to sharper swings in stock prices.
— RISING RATES DON'T ALWAYS KILL STOCKS
Interest rate hikes have historically scared investors. They make borrowing more expensive and slow down economic growth. The last time the Federal Reserve began raising rates, in 2004, the S&P 500 lost nearly 7 percent in about six weeks.
But after that initial tumble, the market went on to rise nearly 20 percent by the time the Federal Reserve had finished raising rates in 2006. That's similar to the S&P 500's performance in several other rate-hike campaigns, says Andrew Goldberg, global market strategist with J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Stocks usually fall when the Fed begins hiking, but can reverse course after the market digests the news.
The key is whether interest rates are rising off a low starting point, Goldberg says. If they are, higher rates aren't that much more restrictive for the economy. And rates are very low now.
— THE BARGAIN BIN IS FULL OF FOREIGN STOCKS
Value investors turned off by U.S. stocks can find better bargains abroad. European stocks were recently trading at 13.5 times their expected earnings per share over the next 12 months, for example. Their U.S. counterparts were trading at 16 times, according to index provider MSCI.
Of course, foreign stocks have lower valuations for a reason. Europe is struggling to keep its economy out of a deflationary spiral in which falling prices encourage consumers and businesses to delay purchases, which only pushes prices lower. Japan's economy has fallen back into recession.
Among emerging markets, China's economic growth is slowing. Russia may be the world's only market that could double and still be cheap, says T. Rowe Price's Stromberg. But it carries significant risks: As a major oil exporter, it's hurt by crude's plunging price, and political tensions are high between Moscow and the West.

Desaulniers named AP s New England media director... 
November 21, 2014 01:45 PM EST | Associated Press
BOSTON (AP) — Dwayne Desaulniers, a former business and technology director for The Associated Press, has been named the news cooperative's director of local media for New England.
The appointment was announced Friday by Eva Parziale, AP's regional director for the East.
"Dwayne brings a great mix of news, technology and entrepreneurial experience to our New England market, as well as an in-depth understanding of AP services and our mission to inform the world," Parziale said. "We're looking forward to having him join us again."
Desaulniers, 48, will be based in Boston, where he will oversee AP's relationships with its newspaper and broadcast members in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont. He also will be responsible for identifying new customers for AP news content and services.
Desaulniers will report to Parziale and Michael Fabiano, director of local broadcast markets.
"Dwayne is very forward-thinking and has a sense of how to use digital content across platforms, which is of significant interest to our members and customers," Fabiano said.
Desaulniers joined AP in 2005 and held a variety positions in AP's business and technology departments. He was instrumental in the launch of AP Exchange, the cooperative's news distribution platform, and in converting AP from satellite to web-based delivery. Desaulniers and his colleagues were recognized with the AP Chairman's Prize for their innovative work in content delivery.
He left AP in 2012 to become director of product management at WebMD and went on to open a human resources practice supporting the growth of small- and medium-sized businesses in his home state of New Jersey.
Desaulniers also has been director of business development for The Canadian Press and general manager for a group of portals in Canada. He started his career in 1989 as a reporter with Standard Broadcasting, eventually reporting from 13 countries and becoming parliamentary bureau chief for the Canadian network, winning two RTNDA awards during his tenure.
Desaulniers holds an MBA from Athabasca University in Alberta, Canada, and is a graduate of Concordia University in Montreal.
Desaulniers succeeds William J. Kole, now news editor for AP in New England.

New York Fed chief on defensive on bank oversight... 
November 21, 2014 01:35 PM EST | Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The head of the New York Federal Reserve was put on the defensive by Senate Democrats, who accused the Fed of being too close to the big banks it is charged with regulating.
William Dudley, president of the New York Fed, insisted at a Senate hearing Friday that "our eyes are open" and regulators are fair and rigorous in their oversight of the biggest U.S. banks.
A 2009 report found that the New York Fed's culture stifled dissenting views among its bank supervisors.
"Of course we are not perfect, but we always strive to improve and retain your trust," Dudley said.
Democratic critics say the Fed's lax regulation of Wall Street banks could end up putting taxpayers on the hook again to bail them out as in the financial crisis.

Obama moves ahead to reshape immigrationObama moves ahead to reshape immigration
US stocks gain on stimulus moves in China  EuropeUS stocks gain on stimulus moves in China  Europe
Global Mobile Satellite Services (Video  Voice  Data  Tracking and Monitoring Services) Market - Market Forecasts and Analysis (2014 - 2019)Global Mobile Satellite Services (Video  Voice  Data  Tracking and Monitoring Services) Market - Market Forecasts and Analysis (2014 - 2019)
Future toll income to fund roads: Nitin GadkariFuture toll income to fund roads: Nitin Gadkari
Tech Mahindra acquires Lightbridge Communications for $240 millionUpdated: November 21, 2014 01:39 IST
Tech Mahindra acquires Lightbridge Communications for $240 million
Pradeesh Chandran
The Tech Mahindra facility at Infocity in Hyderabad. File photo: P.V. Sivakumar
TOPICS
software
Tech Mahindra, on Thursday, announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire U.S.-based network services company Lightbridge Communications Corporation (LCC) for an enterprise value of about $240 million in an all-cash deal. This is the largest acquisition abroad and the second largest by Tech Mahindra after Satyam.
The acquisition is subject to regulatory approvals, and the transaction is expected to close by the fourth quarter of the company’s 2015 fiscal year, it said in a filing to the BSE. LCC, headquartered in McLean, Virginia, is one-of-the world’s largest independent global providers of network engineering services to the telecom industry. According to the filing, LCC employs more than 5,000 employees in over 50 countries.
“The acquisition will position Tech Mahindra as the pre-eminent partner for network services globally,” the company said.
This is the sixth acquisition made by the IT company in the last two years. In February, Tech Mahindra had acquired BASF Business Services Consult.
In February, 2013, Tech Mahindra had acquired Brazilian SAP consulting provider Complex IT for an undisclosed amount.
In 2012, it acquired Delhi-based vCustomer BPO for $27 million and also bought 100 per cent stake in Hutchison Global Services for $87 million. In the same year, Tech Mahindra had also acquired 51 per cent stake in VAS provider Comviva Technologies for around Rs.260 crore.
With annual revenues of more than $400 million, LCC has built 350 networks and designed more than 350,000 cell sites for over 400 customers worldwide.
Tech Mahindra Executive Vice-Chairman Vineet Nayyar said: “This partnership is another significant step towards the globalisation of Tech Mahindra as we welcome a diverse workforce of over 5,000 network professionals across five continents and more than 50 countries. We expect network services to be a major growth engine for our organisation.”
With this acquisition, Tech Mahindra intends to address the growing market opportunity as telecommunications companies and enterprises are accelerating the network upgrade cycle.
“We will now be the largest and most comprehensive provider of technology services to communications service providers.
“Our rich experience in delivering technology solutions to enterprises and communications service providers globally will be significantly strengthened by this acquisition,” said Tech Mahindra Managing Director and CEO C. P. Gurnani.
In April, 2013, Tech Mahindra had acquired the lab assets and operations of the Type Approval Lab, which was part of Sony Mobile Communication’s internal test function.

Best Buy is latest retailer to show fresh momentum going into the holidaysBy Sarah Halzack November 20 Follow @sarahhalzack
Customers enter a Best Buy Co. store in San Francisco. (David Paul Morris/Bloomberg)
Best Buy reported Thursday that its sales had rebounded during the third quarter, becoming the latest big retailer to show unexpectedly strong results heading into the critical holiday shopping season.
The big-box retailer’s profit rose to $107 million, nearly double the $54 million it posted in the same quarter last year.
In the past week, Wal-Mart and Target have also reported quarterly earnings that showed surprising upticks in sales at stores open more than a year.  Even though each company is signaling only cautious optimism about their upcoming holiday season performance, the earnings results show that some of the nation’s largest retailers have wind in their sails heading into their most critical season of the year.
Sales at U.S. Best Buy stores open more than a year increased 3.2 percent.  In addition to stronger-than-expected sales of computers and tablets, Best Buy also said stronger sales of gaming equipment and appliances helped lift sales this quarter.  For much of this year, the mobile category was a relative weak spot for the company, which executives attributed to a lack of new, must-have smartphones.  But the third quarter brought the launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, products that some analysts predicted might give Best Buy and other electronics retailers a jolt.
On a conference call with investors Thursday morning, chief executive Hubert Joly offered a mixed assessment of how the new Apple phones affected business in the quarter. “At the launch, we did quite well, but supply was uneven during the quarter,” Joly said.
Joly also said he suspects the supply of “iconic phones” to be constrained at Best Buy during the fourth quarter, which could mean some missed sales opportunities this holiday season.
Best Buy’s online sales rose 21.6 percent in the quarter, growth that the company says was fueled by logistics innovations such as ship-from-store, which allows online shoppers to access a broader range of inventory.
Best Buy stock shot up nearly 7 percent in early morning trading on Thursday, to $38 a share.
But even after this relatively strong third quarter, Best Buy is forecasting flat revenue and comparable sales growth for the fourth quarter.  The company said it once again expects a fiercely promotional and competitive holiday season, with customers expecting price-matching and cheap, fast shipping.
The retailer also said it is watching for a possible supply chain disruption to due to an ongoing labor dispute at West Coast ports.
Despite these potential challenges, Best Buy is hoping to win shoppers over the holidays with a  focus on offering an attractive array of gifts under $100. The retailer has also targeted its promotions to more specific kinds of shoppers, rather than simply sending a single e-mail blast to all of its subscribers.
This holiday season is generally expected to be stronger than last year’s, with the National Retail Federation forecasting a 4.1 percent increase in sales, compared to the 3. 1 percent seen in 2013. Low gas prices seem to be encouraging shoppers to spend their extra disposable income, and a declining jobless rate appears to be giving them fresh confidence about the economy.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

Part of Silver Hill Road in Suitland still closedWater main break in Suitland is fixed but part of road still closed. (Prince George’s County Police)
Part of Silver Hill Road in Suitland is still closed Friday after a water main break.
The eastbound lanes of the road are closed at Brooks Drive. Crews worked much of Thursday to fix a break in a 14-inch water main.
The Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission, in a Twitter message, said the water main has been fixed and is back in service. The company said in a on Thursday night that a crew was “working to backfill the hole and turn it over to paving contractors.”
The incident began Wednesday night when the 71-year-old pipe broke.
Water main break has shut down Silver Hill Rd at Brooks Dr & Royal Plaza Dr. Pls avoid area. #mdtraffic https://t.co/ST8FJjCHSF

Unsustainable tax demand will give India a bad name  says FM Arun Jaitley3G roaming issue: Supreme Court seeks reply from major firms
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said that an unsustainable tax demand would only earn the country a bad name as an investment destination, comments that come in the wake of tax department losing its battle against Shell in Mumbai High Court.
“Unsustainable demand won’t get you taxes. Unsustainable demands in the books can show you in good glory, but eventually those taxes will be blocked in some judicial court proceedings…they would have only earned us a bad name as an investment destination,” he said at the HT Leadership Summit.
He, however, maintained that those who are supposed to pay taxes must pay.
Jaitley’s comments come in the wake of Mumbai High Court order earlier this week wherein Income-Tax Department lost its Rs 18,000-crore transfer pricing cases against oil major Shell India.
Already the government is engaged in a Rs 20,000 crore tax dispute with British telecom major Vodafone.
Referring to retrospective amendments to the tax laws by the UPA government, Jaitley said, if it is not investor friendly, people would start looking elsewhere.
He further said making taxation regime investor friendly and streamlining the procedure for land acquisition are the big challenges facing the government.
“Undoing a lot of taxation decisions is quite challenging, but that necessarily does not involve a legislative action. Only some areas require action,” he told the gathering.
Jaitley, however, took comfort from the fact that taxation laws are the domain of the Lok Sabha in which the NDA has majority.
The Minister said though it managed to get the mess concerning allocation of coal blocks cleared with ease, resolving other issues remain a challenge.
When asked the three specific reforms he would like to get passed in the ensuing Winter session of Parliament, Jaitley said he would like insurance, coal laws and Goods and Services tax (GST) to be cleared.
He said there are political risks to reforms and those in government would have to adequately blend the economic reforms with politics.
“Economic reforms have also to be blended with competent and clever politics. Reforms alone by themselves are not enough, if they have to survive politically, the blending has to be adequately done by those involved. And I am sure it is one area both my party and government is paying adequate attention,” Jaitley said.
On black money in the country, he said, real estate, jewellery market, luxury market and mining are the sectors in which they are prevalent. The Minister said he has asked the chief commissioners of direct taxes to look into these sectors.
As regards black money stashed abroad, he said his government would follow legally the right course.
“If you make an adventurist step and make every name available, without any supporting evidence, breach your international treaties, you are not going to be only disadvantaged by future non-cooperation, but also nobody will want to provide you with supporting evidence,” he said.
On privatisation, he said, principally he has always been for privatisation in sectors where government can get out. “Not only the mindset of polity has to change but also all other agencies will have to change,” he said, adding that the civil servants cannot work in an oppressive environment.
“While our accountability norms has to be very tight, but government taking commercial decision can never do it in an oppressive environment. As part of our reform process, we will also have areas which at some stage require to be considered by the larger political system,” he said.
Jaitley also said government would be able to meet the direct tax target, though indirect tax remains a “challenge” as manufacturing sector was a great source of worry.
The Finance Minister also expressed concern over banks become defensive in lending in the wake of high stressed assets.
He said the NPAs had come down to 2 per cent of total advances after implementation of SARFAESI Act, but have now again risen to 5 per cent.
“This has put banks on backfoot and made them defensive,” he said, adding slowdown in credit offtake was a cause of concern. Bankers, he said, have been asked to push up lending.
Referring to the land acquisition bill, Jaitley said, the NDA government did not have any problem in farmers getting higher compensation but the real issue was procedure.
“I have really no quarrel with the compensation part. Farmers in India are entitled for higher compensation, but the procedural part of the land law is a big problem and it will require a lot of efforts to simplify those procedures”, he said.
When asked if he expect RBI to cut interest rate in its December 2 monetary policy, Jaitley said: “I have lot of patience.”
On relationship between the Finance Ministry and Reserve Bank, he said “I don’t think there is any requirement for a knee-jerk reaction. I consider it (discussions) only a part of a healthy debate”.
On Supreme Court’s observations on CBI Director Ranjit Sinha, Jaitley said governments should be extremely careful while making appointments to such high posts.
“I have been looking at the law that applies, whether it’s a gap in the law or otherwise. One has to seriously examine who has the power to do that. Because now the new appointing authority is a collegium, I think governments have to be extremely careful when they make appointments for this purpose,” he said.
In a humiliation just days before retirement, CBI Director Sinha was yesterday removed by the Supreme Court from the 2G scam cases, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appears to be “prima facie credible”.
Recalling the events leading to appointment of Sinha in 2012, Jaitley said the CBI Director was appointed by the previous UPA government just a day before a Parliament select committee report on Lok Pal Bill that provided for the procedure of such appointment was to be tabled in Rajya Sabha.
“At 11 am that report was to be tabled and this appointment was made the previous evening at 9 pm. The next day Sushma Sushma Swaraj and I wrote to the Prime Minister (Manmohan Singh) that on what criteria have you done this…” he said.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Indian Economy
More from economy

NSA chief warns Chinese cyber attacks could shut U.S. infrastructureNSA chief warns Chinese cyber attacks could shut U.S. infrastructure
Michael Rogers
NSA Director Michael Rogers testifies before a House (Select) Intelligence Committee hearing.
NSA Director Michael Rogers testifies before a House (Select) Intelligence Committee hearing. (JOSHUA ROBERTS)
By Patricia Zengerle, Reuters
Asia China Cyber Crime Edward Snowden U.S. Senate U.S. House of Representatives
China and "probably one or two" other countries have the ability to invade and possibly shut down computer systems of U.S. power utilities, aviation networks and financial companies, Admiral Mike Rogers, the director of the U.S. National Security Agency, said on Thursday.
Testifying to the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on cyber threats, Rogers said digital attackers have been able to penetrate such systems and perform "reconnaissance" missions to determine how the networks are put together.
cComments
China and "probably one or two" other countries have the ability to invade and possibly shut down computer systems of U.S. power utilities, aviation networks and financial companies, Admiral Mike Rogers, the director of the U.S. National Security Agency, said on Thursday. Well,...
Jackie Puppet
"What concerns us is that access, that capability, can be used by nation-states, groups or individuals to take down that capability," he said.
Rogers said China was one of the countries with that capability, but that there were others.
"There's probably one or two others," he said, declining to elaborate in a public setting.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said the Chinese government "forbids" cyber hacking and that it is often a victim of such attacks that originate from the United States.
"The Chinese government resolutely cracks down on these activities. This reality is irrefutable," Hong told reporters at a regular press briefing on Friday.
Rogers testified two days after a bill to overhaul the NSA's bulk collection of telephone records failed in the Senate. Privacy advocates will probably now have to start over to pass a law to reform U.S. surveillance rules.
He said at the hearing that telephone companies are still providing those records to the NSA, but under stricter rules than when the program was exposed in 2013 by former contractor Edward Snowden.
Rogers said the agency, anticipating passage of a new law, would wait before moving forward with technological changes. He said the agency, and telephone companies, would rather wait and see what might be included in any new law.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by David Gregorio)

22 Jump Street and other new DVDsComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

How members of Congress (and actual Americans) refer to immigrantsBy Philip Bump November 21 Follow @pbump
As a writer at The Washington Post, when I write about people who have immigrated to America without using the proper channels, I am allowed to call them "illegal immigrants," although, as the style guide notes, "some find [the term] offensive." It is preferred that I say that someone is in the country illegally; it is not allowed to call that person "an illegal."
The Post delineates guidelines on this for consistency, largely, but also, I'd say, to reflect the broader mores of the public we serve. How such immigrants are referred to varies by media outlet, as Fusion's Felix Salmon outlines in a graphic at that site. Media companies clearly spend much more time thinking about this than the public at large -- but perhaps less time than elected officials.
How Democrats in particular refer to immigrants has changed over time. When the term "undocumented immigrants" came in popular usage, it was a replacement for "illegal immigrant" precisely because of the pejorative nature of "illegal" and the unfortunate habit of truncating "illegal immigrant" to "illegal." Over the past 18 years, the switch in usage by the party is obvious. (We used the Sunlight Foundation's excellent Capitol Words tool for the next two graphs.)
One of the earliest uses of "undocumented" was in 1996, by then-Rep. Bernie Sanders (D-Vt.), now, of course, a senator from that state. "There is a section of the bill," Sanders said that March, "that says that immigrants who are here illegally, or undocumented immigrants, are unable to receive health care through our public system." Since 1996, the term has been much more popular with Democrats than Republicans; members of the former party use it three times as often.
But Democrats use all three terms far less frequently than do Republicans, for whom immigration in general is a much more energizing subject. (That's why the graph above has a vertical axis that extends to 150 mentions per month: to allow for easy comparison with the other party.) Republicans are far more likely to use not only "illegal immigrants," but also "illegals" -- a term that has at times been used just as commonly.
There was a brief blip of the usage of "undocumented immigrants," but the expression has remained out of favor on the right.
It's hard to evaluate how Americans refer to the immigrant group simply because tracking language use in/by the public is a bit trickier. One way to get a sense for the terms people use is by seeing what they search for on Google . The graph below shows interest in each expression as a search term over time. And in that sense, congressional Republicans seem to be echoing the language more commonly used by voters. (This is an imperfect metric, we will readily admit.)
But again, most Americans don't spend a lot of time worrying about how they refer to people. The evolution of language in this regard is slow and marked by bursts of activity. (Think of the shift from "Negro" to "black," for example.) Democrats, responsible to a constituency, are headed in a different direction than Republicans, hoping that the voters will choose to join them on that path. Yes, I'm still referring to the language being used, but not entirely.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

Intermission: ThanksgivingBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 21 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Writing about mass media and culture can be a bit of a dispiriting enterprise, especially when so much of the conversation is riddled by disappointment, hurt and anger. So over the next week, I will be taking some time to write about pop culture that I am thankful for, stories that make me glad to be not just a critic, but also a reader, viewer and listener. To kick this off right, tell me what culture, pop or otherwise, makes you feel grateful.
Benedict Cumberbatch stars in “The Imitation Game.” (Jack English)
• “ The King And The Mockingbird ,” by Tasha Robinson: Robinson introduces us to a French animated film that has been an enormous influence on famous directors and that suggests a very different visual language for our movies.
“There’s been plenty of cultural conversation about how Disney’s female characters all look alike, with the same exaggerated hourglass figure and giant doe eyes—so much conversation that re-imagining them in different forms—with proportionate waists, or proportionate eyes, or just as something else entirely, to make them distinctive—has become an artists’ cottage industry and a running Internet gag,” Robinson explains. “For many Americans who grew up on Disney, though, they look so familiar that they’re unremarkable: American animation followed a direct evolutionary line from the early Disney and Warner Bros. cartoons, and for decades, it was so rare for any traditionally animated American film to diverge from those lines that wasp-waisted, eye-batting women just look normal to American eyes. That’s why it’s so fascinating to see classic foreign animation like France’s ‘The King And The Mockingbird,’ which is built on entirely different bones.”
• “ How Designers Recreated Alan Turing’s Code-Breaking Computer for ‘Imitation Game ,’ ” by Angela Watercutter: Watercutter spoke to Maria Djurkovic, the production designer for the biopic of Alan Turing, and figured out how she put together an enormous antique that is the center of the movie.
“What’s even more impressive is that she was able to build the machine for £30,000 (about $48,000),” Watercutter notes. “The film had a mere $15 million budget so it was a lean build—and cheaper than the one in the film, which Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) says will cost him about £100,000 to make—and what Djurkovic crafted holds up well to scrutiny. So well, in fact, her Christopher has been given a home at Bletchley Park, the UK compound where Turing and his fellow code-breakers created the original Bombe. (It’ll be on exhibit at Bletchley for a year starting this month.)”
• “ On ‘Watermelon’ (And ‘Fried Chicken’) ,” by Glenn Kenny: Kenny writes about how his free-speech absolutism was punctured by stories like one in Lester Bangs’s “The White Noise Supremacists,” which demonstrated the persistence of racial stereotypes such as African-American tastes for watermelon and fried chicken.
“Invited over to somebody’s house for fried chicken. I read that essay for the first time on its initial publication in the Village Voice when I was 20, and I remember my jaw dropping …,” he recalls. “Fried chicken jokes were clearly an old man thing, all other social dimensions implied notwithstanding. This cultural upheaval, the one I was living through, the one I was trying to be a part of, we were going to wipe all that s— out.”
• “ Norman Lear Nixed ‘All In The Family’ Reboot For Sony ,” by David Lieberman: This story has a newsy headline, but I am including it for Lear’s insights on how culture has changed since he was making classic shows.
“For the most part, though, Lear says it’s become harder than it was in the 1970s for the major networks to offer shows about real-life issues. ‘They can’t deal with impotence, abortion, aspects of cancer. The networks won’t have it.’ He recalled that when Bea Arthur’s character in Maude had an abortion, a story in two episodes, ‘the nation didn’t know the first episode was coming. Happily, it was on the air in the winter or late fall and there was absolutely no reaction of any serious consequence…. Abortion was something that families in America dealt with all the time.’ But opposition mobilized in time for the reruns in the spring. ‘That’s when all the noise happened. But America had taken it in stride.’ “
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Obamas executive order on immigration is good policy  as well as good law  but not quite as good as it may seemBy Ilya Somin November 21
In my last post on Obama’s new executive order on immigration, I argued that it is legal . In this post, I suggest that it is also good policy. But its effects are unlikely to be as great as advocates hope and opponents fear.
By at least temporarily forestalling deportation of up to 5 million illegal immigrants , it gives them an opportunity to better their situation, and lifts the threat of deportation back to Third World poverty and oppression. This helps move immigration policy in the direction of taking immigrants’ rights and interests seriously. We should not forcibly consign people to poverty and misery except in rare cases where doing so is the only way to prevent some even greater harm .
No such harm is caused by exempting these people from deportation. For reasons I discuss here , I am not much moved by arguments that illegal immigrants committed some great wrong simply by violating the law against entering the US. At the very least, if it is permissible to use executive discretion to forego prosecution of millions of college students who illegally used marijuana on campus, there is a much more compelling case for using it to spare people whose only illegal action was fleeing terrible conditions in their home country.
Because Obama’s executive order does not allow the immigrants in question to become citizens and does not make them eligible for federal welfare benefits [though as noted in the update below, some are eligible for the earned income tax credit], there is little chance that it will either cause harmful “political externalities” by creating new voters who support bad policies , or grow the welfare state. In any event, the empirical evidence suggests that increased immigration (even when legal) either has little effect on the size of the welfare state either way, or actually decreases it .
Despite its important positive aspects, Obama’s new policy is unlikely to have as great an impact as it might seem at first glance. Most of the people it exempts from deportation probably would not have been deported anyway. Only a relatively small percentage of the 11 million or so illegal immigrants present in the interior of the US actually get deported. Most immigration law enforcement takes place at the border, and Obama’s order does little to liberalize policy there.
The order does provide those it covers with a measure of security. There is an important difference between a small but still significant chance of getting deported and no chance at all. But that security is only partial, since the order is not a law, but an exercise of executive discretion. It can be reversed at any time, either by Obama himself or (more likely) his successor. Thus, Obama is only partially right when he claims that his order allows those it protects to “come out of the shadows.” They could still be forced back into the shadows at any time. That looming threat diminishes the extent to which they can truly live normal lives.
The order may also affect Obama’s reputation on immigration issues, strengthening the perception that he is pro-immigrant. But it is important to recognize that Obama’s legacy on these issues is a lot more mixed than many people realize. Yesterday’s actions and his previous order protecting people who were brought into the country illegally as minors are important pro-immigrant policies. On the other hand, Obama has also presided over a massive increase in deportations and – even worse – continued an ongoing major increase in imprisonment of immigrants for unlawful entry . It is also worth noting that Obama could probably have pushed through a wide-ranging immigration reform bill had he made it a priority when the Democrats had large majorities in both houses of Congress during his first two years in office. He instead chose to prioritize Obamacare.
The administration’s anti-immigrant policies have not attracted nearly as much attention as its pro-immigrant ones. Obama himself does not like to trumpet the former, while his political opponents are mostly interested in portraying him as too soft on illegal immigration, rather than too harsh. But that is of little comfort to the tens of thousands of people imprisoned or deported.
Finally, I think that co-blogger David Bernstein is at least partially right to argue that Obama’s actions, while not illegal, may undermine some of the unwritten norms of American politics . In general, a major policy change like this should be done with congressional approval. Of course, Obama’s defenders can make the powerful response that his departure from norms is a response to similar departures by House Republicans. Immigration reform might well have gotten through Congress , but for House Speaker John Boehner’s adherence to the “Hastert Rule” , which prevents bills from coming to the floor unless they are supported by a majority of the majority party, not just a majority of the House as a whole. Like Obama’s actions yesterday, the GOP’s adherence to the Hastert Rule is perfectly legal. But it does undermine the norm of majority rule in the House.
In times of increasing political polarization, both sides tend to push the limits of unwritten rules. So it has proved with Obama and his Republican adversaries in Congress. I doubt that any one decision by either the president or the GOP can change that. For that reason, among others, I think that the benefits of yesterday’s decision clearly outweigh the incremental damage to political norms. The mutual hostility and distrust between Obama and the GOP makes it unlikely that any broad immigration reform bill can get through Congress during this administration. But that was probably true even before yesterday.
UPDATE: I think that up to 5 million is a better estimate for the number of people potentially affected by Obama’s executive order than the figure of 3.7 million that I quoted originally. I have revised the post accordingly.
UPDATE #2: Although the immigrants covered by Obama’s order will not be eligible for conventional welfare benefits, some will be eligible for the earned income tax credit – if they file tax returns. However, the net fiscal impact is likely to be slightly positive , since they would end up paying more money in additional taxes than they would get from the EITC.
UPDATE #3: Although Obama has presided over a major increase in formal “removal” deportations, there has been a decrease in “returns” – informal deportations under which the immigrant “voluntarily” leaves without suffering any legal consequences, such as being placed on a watch list by the ICE which is likely to subject them to harsher punishment should they enter the US again. If you combine the two figures, Obama’s record does not look as bad as George W. Bush’s does, but the increase in “removals” is still significant because they impose a greater burden on those targeted than returns do.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Crossword: Which country may create an undersea city Test your knowledge with our weekly quizBy Foreign Staff November 21
Interior of the residential sphere. (Courtesy of Shimizu Corporation)
We hope you've been following the news this week, because it's time for our weekly quiz.
The rules of the puzzle are the same. The clock starts when you click the "START" button. The target time to complete this puzzle is 15 minutes. To see how scoring works,  read this post .
So, how closely have you been following world news this week?

Sen. Charles E. Schumer on the end of Alpha HouseBy Ed O'Keefe November 21 Follow @edatpost
Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) said on Friday that he’s unsure what will happen to the remaining residents of retiring Rep. George Miller’s house now that he’s planning to sell.
The California Democrat confirmed this week that he’s putting his Capitol Hill home on the market after purchasing it in 1974. The setting serves as the inspiration for the Amazon series “Alpha House” because it has also served as the D.C. home of Schumer and Sen. Richard J. Durbin (D-Ill.) dating back to their days in the House.
Schumer, at least, is not a potential buyer.
“I can’t afford it,” he said in a quick interview on other matters Friday. “I could have afforded it when he bought it in 1974. But I can’t now.”
Schumer said he isn’t sure what he and Durbin will do next. “We have to wait and see what’s going to happen with the house first,” he said.
 

Davis Cup Final: Wawrinka gives Switzerland opening winMonfils, who had never beaten Federer on clay in four previous encounters, won five games in a row as he whizzed through the first set. (Source: Reuters)
By: Reuters | France | Posted: November 21, 2014 11:15 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 12:41 am
Gael Monfils rose to the occasion as he upset Roger Federer 6-1 6-4 6-3 to help France level the Davis Cup final with Switzerland 1-1 on Friday.
After Stan Wawrinka had given the Swiss a 1-0 lead by beating Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-1 3-6 6-3 6-2, Monfils was at his best against the world number two who has struggled recently with back problems.
Federer missed training this week after being forced to withdraw from his ATP World Tour Final against Novak Djokovic in London on Sunday.
Monfils, who had never beaten Federer on clay in four previous encounters, won five games in a row as he whizzed through the first set.
Struggling with his serve, the Swiss was broken again in the third game of the second set and his French rival showed no sign of weakening, sending his opponent chasing balls left, right and centre.
It was not game over yet, though, as Federer beat Monfils in five sets in this year’s U.S. Open quarter-finals after dropping the first two.
But this time, roared on by a record 27,432 crowd that were kept quiet during Tsonga’s match, Monfils maintained his grip to break for a 3-2 lead before finishing off the contest on Federer’s serve with a stunning backhand winner down the line.
Switzerland looked as if they were in the driving seat after Wawrinka’s defeat of Tsonga who looked a pale shadow of his normally aggressive self against the world number four.
“I was confident. I showed him on the court that I was better than he was,” said Wawrinka.
Tsonga agreed with his rival.
“Stan was good today. He played a good match. That’s it. There is nothing to say really,” he said.
The doubles will be played on Saturday, with the reverse singles on Sunday on the clay of the Pierre Mauroy stadium.
France, who last lifted the trophy in 2001, are looking to win the Davis Cup for the 10th time while Switzerland are seeking their maiden title.

Game 10: Carlsen closes in on titleWith two games to go, on Sunday and on Tuesday, Carlsen leads 5.5-4.5 in the race to 6.5 points. Photo: AP
TOPICS
chess
A 32-move draw in Game 10 leaves him just a point away
It was Magnus Carlsen’s turn to foil white’s push for victory, on Friday. The resultant draw in Game 10 of the World chess championship match in Sochi, Russia, brought the Norwegian within one point of retaining the World title.
He defended accurately with black pieces after challenger Viswanathan Anand had managed to get a dynamic position out of the opening.
Both players agreed that the 32-move game was “very interesting”, but it was Carlsen who managed gains. The champion got what he wanted, and left Anand clearly frustrated.
With two games to go, on Sunday and on Tuesday, Carlsen leads 5.5-4.5 in the race to 6.5 points. With both players getting to play white once each, Anand needs to stay undefeated in Game 11 to keep the match alive. Should he win and equalise the match-score, he will hold a slight advantage going into the final game with white pieces.
On the other hand, Carlsen, who plays white in Game 11, has a great chance to put Anand under enormous pressure. Should Anand crack, the match will be over.
“You just have to keep trying,” said Anand when asked about how he felt after drawing with white pieces. “It was an intense game, and he defended well.”
On Friday, the game saw Carlsen employ the Grunfeld Defence, a reprisal of his option from Game One; he had tried the Queen’s Gambit Declined in Games 3 and 8, though he moved to the Queen’s Indian in Game 5.
If there were any points for doing better in the opening phase, Anand clearly grabbed them. But he did not really get anything substantial to build on.
After Anand’s 14th move, the position was identical to the one in the game between Radoslaw Wojtaszek (one of Anand’s seconds) and Ruslan Ponomariov at the 2012 Karpov International tournament.
If the computer analysis favoured Anand’s position, it was mainly because Carlsen was not finding the moves of optimum strength as often as he does.
Anand did show signs of looking to maximise his miniscule advantage but Carlsen was equal to the challenge.
“My nerves were okay. I don’t know about the quality of play. Today’s was definitely a very interesting position to delve into. As a chess player, you like that,” said Carlsen after the game.
Anand brought some added pressure upon himself on account of time-management too. Perhaps, learning from the bitter experiences of Game 6, Anand was taking his time to plan his moves, and ended up falling behind Carlsen on the clock.
Once the queens were off the board on the 18th move, Carlsen took 33 minutes to find the accurate continuation on the 19th move. But he was always way ahead of Anand on time.
The simplification of the position, in a way, helped Anand deal with the paucity of time. After making his 25th move, Anand had 21 minutes for 15 moves to safely negotiate the first time-control (of 40 moves in 120 minutes). Thereafter, perhaps forced by the constraint of time, Anand chose to go for a tactical shot.
What followed was a sequence of moves that saw the exchange of the last two minor pieces — white bishop and black knight — but not before Anand ‘queened’ a pawn.
A move later, the players signed the peace treaty.
Though happy with the draw, Carlsen said: “I didn’t necessarily feel that I had control (of the game). He is a very good player and is very well prepared.”
Anand said: “I know I’ll have to play (well in the next two games). That’s all. We know the score. We know the situation. I’m still there.”

Minn.  N.C. are the Best States in AmericaBy Reid Wilson November 21 Follow @postreid
This Nov. 2, 2009 file photo shows a Thanksgiving turkey. The average Turkey Day dinner will cost $49.04, or just 44 cents less in 2013 than it did in 2012. (AP Photo/Larry Crowe)
The true origins of Thanksgiving are, like America itself, a mix of foreign influences. Spanish explorer Francisco Vasquez de Coronado led what may have been the New World’s first Thanksgiving celebration in 1541 , 79 years before the Pilgrims sailed to North America. French Huguenots held a Thanksgiving service near what’s now Jacksonville, Fla., in 1564 . English colonists in modern-day Maine and Jamestown, Va., also celebrated Thanksgivings before the Pilgrims got here.
So perhaps it’s fitting that most of the food we will enjoy on Thursday didn’t make its way to our dinner tables from Massachusetts.
Fans of pumpkin pie can credit Illinois, the nation’s largest pumpkin-producing state . (Libby’s, the best-known maker of pumpkin pie filling, was founded in Chicago in the late 1800s.) Wisconsin is the country’s largest cranberry producer ; the state grows more than half the nation’s tart berries, according to the USDA. For potato lovers, there’s no better state than Idaho, which grew almost a quarter of the nation’s tubers last year, according to the National Potato Council . Georgia produces more than 40 percent of the country’s pecans .
But what would Thanksgiving be without the turkey? In a 2004 Gallup survey , 49 percent of Americans said turkey was their favorite Thanksgiving dish. Stuffing came in a distant second place, at 14 percent.
And no one does turkey better than North Carolina and Minnesota, which are home to the nation’s two largest turkey producers : Butterball’s headquarters are in Garner, N.C.; Jennie-O is based in Willmar, Minn. Together, those two companies produce about a third of all the turkeys sold in the United States. Minnesota produced 46 million turkeys valued at $839 million in 2012, according to the Agricultural Marketing Resource Center at Iowa State University. North Carolina raised fewer birds, 36 million, but they weighed more than Minnesota’s, netting the industry $849 million.

Tech industry sees mixed bag in Obamas immigration planBy Nancy Scola November 21 Follow @nancyscola
U.S. President Barack Obama leaves the Oval Office while departing for a domestic trip November 21, 2014 in Washington, DC. Obama is scheduled to travel to Las Vegas later today to speak about immigration reform. (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images)
The U.S. tech industry has been fighting for reform of the country's immigration system for years. On Thursday, President Obama gave the industry what they called welcomed help -- but that's not nearly all they want.
Fwd.us, the immigration reform group spearheaded by Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg, celebrated the president's broader moves  to halt the deportation of million of immigrants in the United States. Steps to help high-tech foreign students and graduates work in the country longer are also encouraging, said the group's acting president, Todd Schulte.
But "to be clear, these actions are no substitute for legislation," Schulte said. "Fwd.us is proud to be part of this step forward, but we have lots of work to do."
What exactly did Obama do on immigration policy? First, he has directed the Department of Homeland Security to begin expanding a popular program, Optional Practical Training, that allows foreign students and recent graduates who attended U.S. colleges to work in the country longer. The program already allows so-called STEM workers, those who specialize in science, technology, engineering and math, to stay in the country for an extended period, 29 months. Under Obama's plan, those students and recent graduates would be able to stay longer and what is counted as a STEM worker could be broadened. The details will be worked out by DHS.
Acknowledging long-standing complaints that there is currently too little oversight of the OPT program , Obama called on DHS to ensure that colleges better manage the students and recent graduates who are participating in the program.
Obama also acted to make it easier for foreign entrepreneurs to come to the United States. He called on immigration officials to come up with a way, on a case-by-case basis, to let in start-up founders even before they have proven they will produce "significant public benefit" -- the current standard. It would be easier for entrepreneurs with the backing of U.S. investors or those who "hold the promise" of developing new technologies or who are pursuing cutting-edge research to stay in the United States, according to a DHS memo .
In addition, Obama called on immigration officials to make it easier for workers to move between jobs while waiting for a green card and for U.S. firms to transfer their foreign workers into the country.
Tech companies praised these moves. But some critics argued that together they will expand an underpaid, temporary workforce that will compete with U.S. workers.
"The President's concession to corporate demands for even greater access to temporary visas that will allow the continued suppression of wages in the tech sector," the Communications Workers of America, a  union group with members in the tech industry, said in a statement.
The OPT program does not have minimum wage or salary requirements, Neil Ruiz, an associate fellow at the Brookings Institution, noted in a blog post. "OPT is missing these important protections since it was originally created as an educational program to provide a year of work experience,
 rather than used as an employment-based visa," he said.
Those deeply engaged in the immigration debate are now digging through the details of Obama's proposed changes to figure out exactly how they might affect the tech community.
Mostly, though, there was a sense that Obama's moves do little to remove the burden on Congress to act.
"While we appreciate the president’s efforts to address the problems in our employment-based system, and look forward to further details, it is disappointing that neither he nor Congress have been able to seize the opportunity to accelerate economic growth by fixing our broken immigration system," Dean Garfield, president and chief executive of the Information Technology Industry Council, said in a statement.
All of which means that the tech industry's battle over immigration now has at least two fronts -- working with immigration officials to figure out the rules for Obama's executive actions, and keeping up pressure on Congress to address the industry's concerns about the effect of immigration on U.S. innovation.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

Desert finale to stormyseasonPrint
Hamilton was a mere 0.083 seconds faster than Rosberg in the evening’s floodlit session. (Source: AP)
By: New York Times | Abu Dhabi | Posted: November 22, 2014 12:39 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 12:40 am
At the Formula One season’s finale, the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on Sunday, the stage is set to have everyone from fans to teams seeing double. The math for the showdown in the desert is basic enough: The driver who leads the championship has won twice as many races as the driver in second place, but the former could easily lose the title to the latter in the Abu Dhabi twilight because of a decision this season to award double points in the final race.
After the clear domination by one team and driver during the previous four seasons (Sebastian Vettel and his Red Bull team), the series sought this year to keep the title battle alive all the way to the final race. The goal was to maintain the interest of fans, who might otherwise switch off once the drivers’ title had been decided, as it happened last season, when Vettel had wrapped up his fourth straight title by October, with three races left to run.
So now the two Mercedes drivers who have dominated the season are entering the final race with Lewis Hamilton leading Nico Rosberg by 17 points and 10 victories to five, but with double points up for grabs Rosberg is in position to snatch the title.
Normally, 25 points are awarded for first place, 18 for second, 15 for third, 12 for fourth, 10 for fifth, 8 for sixth, 6 for seventh, 4 for eighth, 2 for ninth and 1 for 10th. But in Abu Dhabi this will be 50-36-30-24-20-16-12-8-4-2.
Before the season, the series’ promoter, Bernie Ecclestone, proposed the double-points award and the teams accepted it. Then the Mercedes team started dominating, with its drivers winning all but three races — the others were won by the Red Bull driver Daniel Ricciardo, Vettel’s teammate — and ending up nearly equal on points.
No one foresaw that they would arrive at the final race as the only two who could win the title. But the situation puts into question the value of a move that the series collectively voted into being but that was immediately criticised by fans and some team directors. Some called it unfair, others even said it made the series a farce.
Ecclestone said last week that he would not push for the double points again next year. Rosberg winning the title with only half as many victories as Hamilton would not be an aberration in terms of the season overall. Rosberg will have won five or six races nevertheless – more than he has ever won in a season – and when he was not winning a race or suffering a car breakdown, he finished second in all but the Hungarian Grand Prix, when he was fourth. Hamilton finished third in two races, and continued…

Dealing with hotairFor India, it is important to remember that mitigation measures intersect with other societal goals, creating the possibility of co-benefits or adverse side effects.
Written by R K Pachauri | Posted: November 22, 2014 12:37 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 7:42 am
Two major developments this month have brought the issue of human-induced climate change to the attention of the global community. The first was the release of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change synthesis report (SR). The second, the agreement between the US and China to limit emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG) in both countries, reached after a prolonged period of quiet diplomacy between the two. The US-China agreement is an encouraging development that, it is expected, will motivate other countries to also make commitments to reduce GHG emissions. But as the findings of the SR clearly indicate, much more needs to be done to limit temperature increase to 2 degrees Celsius by the end of this century.
The SR, a document written for a non-specialist audience, released on November 2 in the presence of the UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, carries the essence of the major scientific findings of the IPCC’s recently completed working group reports, and two special reports dealing with renewable energy and extreme events and disasters, respectively. The 40-page summary for policymakers extracts the relevant essence of almost 7,000 pages of published IPCC reports on which it is based.
This report updates our knowledge substantially on various aspects of climate change. For instance, it is stated with over 95 per cent confidence that human actions have been largely responsible for climate change since the middle of the last century. It also assesses scenarios for future climate change and related impacts, and finds that continued emission of GHGs will cause further warming and longlasting change in all components of the climate system, increasing the likelihood of severe, pervasive and irreversible impacts for people and ecosystems. Limiting climate change will require substantial and sustained reductions in GHG emissions which, together with adaptation, can limit climate change risks.
Surface temperature is projected to rise over the 21st century under all assessed emission scenarios. It is likely that heat waves will occur more often and last longer, and that extreme precipitation events will become more intense and frequent in many regions. The ocean will continue to warm and acidify, and the global mean sea level will continue to rise. Under this scenario, which is essentially based on inadequate mitigation efforts, the temperature increase could reach as high as 4.8 degrees Celsius and sea level 0.98 metre by the end of this century.
The Arctic region will continue to warm more rapidly than the global mean, and year-round reductions in Arctic sea ice are projected for all the scenarios assessed. A nearly ice-free Arctic Ocean in the summer, sea-ice minimum in September before the mid-century, is likely for the scenario based on inadequate mitigation efforts. The global mean sea-level rise will continue through the 21st century, likely at a faster rate than observed from 1971 to 2010. For continued…

Link between exercise & better memory not a myth:StudyPrint
By: New York Times | Posted: November 22, 2014 12:33 am
Exercise seems to be good for the human brain, with many recent studies suggesting that regular exercise improves memory and thinking skills. But an interesting new study asks whether the apparent cognitive benefits from exercise are real or just a placebo effect — that is, if we think we will be “smarter” after exercise, do our brains respond accordingly? The answer has significant implications for any of us hoping to use exercise to keep our minds sharp throughout our lives.
In experimental science, the best, most reliable studies randomly divide participants into two groups, one of which receives the drug or other treatment being studied and the other of which is given a placebo, similar in appearance to the drug, but not containing the active ingredient.
Recently, some scientists have begun to question whether the apparently beneficial effects of exercise on thinking might be a placebo effect. While many studies suggest that exercise may have cognitive benefits, those experiments all have had a notable scientific limitation: They have not used placebos.
Studying this issue, however, is difficult. There is no placebo for exercise and no way to blind people about whether they are exercising. They know if they are walking or cycling or not.
So researchers at Florida State University in Tallahassee and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign came up with a clever workaround. They decided to focus on expectations, on what people anticipate that exercise will do for thinking. If people’s expectations jibe closely with the actual benefits, then at least some of those improvements are probably a result of the placebo effect and not of exercise.
The scientists had seen this situation at work during an earlier study of video games and cognition. Past research had suggested that playing action-oriented video games improves players’ subsequent thinking skills. But when scientists in the new study asked video-game players to estimate by how much the games would improve their thinking, the players’ estimates almost exactly matched the gains seen on cognitive tests after playing. In other words, the cognitive benefits of playing video games appear to be largely a result of a placebo effect.
For the new study, which was published last month in PLOS One, the researchers repeated this experiment but focused on exercise.
Recruiting 171 people through an online survey system, they asked half of these volunteers to estimate by how much a stretching and toning programme performed three times a week might improve various measures of thinking, including memory and mental multitasking. The other volunteers were asked the same questions, but about a regular walking programme.
In actual experiments, stretching and toning regimens generally have little if any impact on people’s cognitive skills. Walking, on the other hand, seems to substantially improve thinking ability.
But the survey respondents believed the opposite, estimating that the stretching and toning programme would be more beneficial for the mind than walking. The volunteers’ estimates of the likely cognitive improvements from gentle toning averaged about a three on a continued…

Why we dont needmilkMore and more evidence is surfacing, however, that milk consumption may not only be unhelpful, it might also be detrimental.
By: New York Times | Posted: November 22, 2014 12:25 am
Almost no one will dispute that when a baby is born, breast milk is the best nutrition a mother can provide. All mammals nurse their young, and breast milk benefits a newborn infant in ways above and beyond nutrition. In fact, until 1 to 2 years of age, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the World Health Organization, the Institute of Medicine and more promote breast-feeding as optimal.
More and more evidence is surfacing, however, that milk consumption may not only be unhelpful, it might also be detrimental.
More than 10,000 years ago, when human beings began to domesticate animals, no adults or older children consumed milk. Many people don’t drink it today because they are lactose intolerant. They do just fine.
But if you believe the advertising of the dairy industry, and the recommendations of many scientific bodies, they are missing out on some fantastic benefits to milk consumption: that milk is good for bones, contains calcium and vitamin D, and “does a body good.”
There’s not a lot of evidence for these types of claims. In 2011, The Journal of Bone and Mineral Research published a meta-analysis examining if milk might protect against hip fracture in middle-aged and older adults. Six studies containing almost 200,000 women could find no association between drinking milk and lower rates of fractures.
More recent research confirms these findings. A study published in JAMA Pediatrics this year followed almost 100,000 men and women for more than two decades. Subjects were asked to report on how much milk they had consumed as teenagers, and then they were followed to see if that was associated with a reduced chance of hip fractures later in life. It wasn’t.
A just-released study in The BMJ that followed more than 45,000 men and 61,000 women in Sweden, age 39 and older, had similar results. Milk consumption as adults was associated with no protection for men, and an increased risk of fractures in women. It was also associated with an increased risk of death in both sexes.
This wasn’t a randomised controlled trial, and no one should assume causality here. But there’s no association with benefits, and a significant association with harms.
Even studies that examine the nutrients in milk, trying to look for protective effects, often come up short. A 2007 meta-analysis in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition examined high-quality studies of how calcium intake was related to fractures. The many studies of more than 200,000 people, age 34 to 79, could find no link between total calcium intake and the risk of bone fractures.
It is true that vitamin D is necessary for calcium absorption, and for bone health, but that doesn’t mean that most people need to consume more. A meta-analysis published continued…

AMUs tragedy oferrorsThe vice chancellor’s simile was unfortunate. But uninformed public opinion, emotional outbursts and a tendency to communalise purely administrative decisions increase the sense of being besieged and beleaguered that prevails in places such as the AMU.
Posted: November 22, 2014 12:17 am
Rakshanda Jalil
Invited to speak at the college day celebrations of the Women’s College in Aligarh, I found myself in the eye of the media-generated storm that has outraged many, for very different reasons. Speaking to the major dramatis personae in this tragedy of errors reinforces the old adage: nothing is as it seems. What is more, when the ground realities are complex but less sensationalist, there are few takers for the “real” story. And when the real story itself has more than one side, the boundaries between right and wrong get blurred.
First, the facts: On November 10, at the inauguration ceremony of the Women’s College students union, the newly elected vice president reiterated a longstanding demand for undergraduate girls to be allowed to use the Maulana Azad Library (MAL), like their male counterparts.
The arrangement at present is that female undergraduate students for non-professional courses are enrolled at the Women’s College; female students of professional graduate courses such as law, engineering, medicine, etc, as well as coed students of all postgraduate courses and research scholars, study on the main campus and use all the facilities available to their male counterparts, including the MAL. The girls at the Women’s College use the college library; a catalogue of the MAL is available to them and they can place orders for books that are delivered the next day.
An oft-repeated demand from the girls has been for free access to the MAL, a demand that has been turned down on grounds ranging from an acute space crunch in the MAL, the distance between the Women’s College and the MAL (three kilometres) and security reasons (the university administration cites incidents of chain-snatching and harassment on that stretch).
The demand by the vice president, Noorain Batool, was made in the context of providing facilities to the girls “on par with the rest of the university campus”, such as high-speed wifi, clean drinking water, extension of existing sports facilities, round-the-clock ambulance etc. The vice chancellor, Zameeruddin Shah, responded by remarking that the presence of girls would “attract” boys and cause “four times more boys to show up” at the MAL.
A video clip of the vice chancellor making this remark was made available to the media, and a leading national daily was the first to carry the report, along with allegations of the “retrograde” and discriminatory nature of the vice chancellor and his administration and the gender bias that underlines administrative decisions. Soon, social media was agog with outrage over the “regressive” AMU and its sexist policies; continued…

Letters to the editor: Much hotairPrint
Posted: November 22, 2014 12:17 am
# This refers to ‘Hijinks in Hisar’ (IE, November 20) by Shailaja Bajpai. I, too, have watched Sudarshan News and was appalled at its venom. Indians have developed an infinite appetite for perversion and voyeurism. The channel has not received its fair share of condemnation. It should be criminally prosecuted for spreading hatred. Incidentally, I also saw Garam Hawa this week. It made me realise that in a period of more than six decades, we have walked a very short distance from communalism and religious intolerance. We should consciously acknowledge this as a serious shortcoming of our society, instead of viewing it only as a part of our collective history. In our desperation to be termed a “great nation” or “global leader”, we have been ignoring how the shadows of our past still loom large.
— Minu Jain (Pune)
2G under a cloud
# This refers to ‘Supreme insult: CBI chief taken off 2G case’ (IE, November 21). The recusal forced upon the director of the CBI, India’s premier investigating agency, by the apex court in the 2G probe will only aggravate the public’s distrust of the agency. The CBI is often seen to be acting under compulsion, compromising for extraneous reasons. The Supreme Court’s directive is extremely embarrassing for the CBI and for its director, Ranjit Sinha. It will be interesting to see if the agency’s investigation of the 2G case changes dramatically after Sinha’s recusal. Or, will this latest glitch turn out to be ammunition for the accused and help in their defence? They could complain that the investigation has been botched and biased from the start.
— Haridasan Mathilakath (Mumbai)
# The order of the Supreme Court has come a trifle late in the day. But, as the saying goes, better late than never. Since CBI director Ranjit Sinha only has a few days left before superannuation, he may swallow the insult. But the court’s order will help ensure the smooth functioning of this much-berated agency in future. The apex court’s eagerness to oversee and ensure an impartial probe and restore the common man’s confidence in the country’s top investigative agency is laudable. Had Sinha continued to oversee the 2G investigation till he demitted office, the final outcome would have been looked upon with suspicion. The bottom line is this: Caesar’s wife should be above suspicion. The court’s order has sent out a message that it is important for an investigator to be seen to be honest and transparent. In hindsight, Sinha would have done himself and the agency a favour had he voluntarily recused himself from the 2G investigation after the visitor book scandal blew up.
— Ganapathi Bhat (Akola)
Beating China to it
# This refers to the editorial, ‘Colombo reaches out’ (IE, November 20). The decision of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa to release five Indian fishermen facing the death penalty on smuggling charges is praiseworthy. This provides the Narendra Modi government with an opportunity to work to improve bilateral relations further. Our relationship with Sri Lanka urgently needs to be made continued…

For some undocumented immigrants  Obamas executive action doesnt change anythingBy Pamela Constable November 21
On Thursday, a dozen men wearing thick jackets and scarred workboots took up their usual spots in a gas station parking lot in Arlington. All were illegal immigrants from Central America and Mexico. Most were middle-aged and had been living and working in the U.S. for years.
But although every man at the informal day-labor pickup site knew that President Obama was about to issue an unprecedented order to protect millions of illegal immigrants from deportation, they also knew they had no chance of qualifying for it.
“I’m happy for all those families who will be able to stay together now, but there are a lot of guys like me who came with the same dream. Now we’re being left out,” said Mario Juarez, 40, a painter from Guatemala who has spent the last 12 years working odd construction jobs and sending money back home to his wife and three children.
A few feet away, Jose Medina, 62, leaned against a chain-link fence and nursed a cold cup of coffee in a styrofoam cup. He said he had fled El Salvador in 1990 and obtained temporary protection as a war refugee, but lost it due to paperwork problems and never found a way to become permanently legal.
“It’s hard being alone here,” Medina said, mentioning that his sister in Maryland had become legal but that she had not been able to help him.“If people are criminals they should be deported, but not if they do honest work,” he added. “We are all out here on the corner because we don’t have work permits. Now maybe we never will.”
While tens of thousands of illegal immigrants in the greater Washington area eagerly awaited Obama’s announcement Thursday, those who stood to personally benefit fell into two categories: parents of U.S.-born or resident children, and some adults who entered the U.S. as children themselves. For others — especially older workers who left their families behind — there was no hint of a coming reprieve.
According to several recent surveys of the illegal immigrant population, about 3.7 million adults live with U.S. citizen or resident children, but another 6.5 million live with no children at all. Of those, several hundred thousand may qualify for protection as “childhood arrivals,” a category Obama is expected to expand.
But several million, like Juarez and Medina, will fall outside the tent, either because they never sought to legalize or tried and failed. In informal interviews Thursday, several day laborers in Arlington and Hyattsville said they had not been able to parlay temporary refugee status into permanent residency. Others said they had children born in the U.S. but were divorced or estranged from the mother. A few of the laborers, especially those who had joined unions or other groups, said they had been closely following the news of Obama’s pending order but did not yet know the details. Some were still holding out hope of being included.
“I am trying to have faith, but I’m still not sure whether I will qualify,” said Antonio Chavez, 52, a Salvadoran construction worker who has been in the U.S. for 20 years but had lost his original refugee protection long ago due to legal complications. “I wish the president would help all 11 million of us, not just 5 million, but something is better than nothing,” he added.
Pamela Constable covers issues related to immigration policy, immigrant communities and international figures and issues that crop up in our local and regional midst.

Flood watches in effect after historic western New York snow storm drops seven feetBy Angela Fritz November 21 Follow @angelafritz
A snowfall that brought huge snowdrifts and closed roads around Buffalo is expected to stop on Friday. Forecasters say that rising temperatures could melt snow and cause floods next week. (AP)
Update at 1:00 p.m.: The National Weather Service in Buffalo has published some of the region’s week-long snowfall totals. Cowlesville, N.Y., in Wyoming County has come out on top, with a total of 88 inches.
Cowlesville, N.Y. — 88 inches
Wales Center, N.Y. — 69.3 inches
Wyoming, N.Y. — 63 inches
Orchard Park, N.Y. — 63 inches
Original post:
The southern suburbs of Buffalo, N.Y., are digging out again on Friday after a historic one-two punch lake effect snowstorm finally comes to a close. At least 85 inches of snow fell east of Lake Erie this week, impacting a population of 1.2 million in the five-county snow belt.
Now, with rain in the forecast and temperatures expected to soar into the 60s by Monday, that snow has become a different kind of threat in the form of flooding.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said the recent historic snow fall in the Buffalo area will cause flooding as the snow melts. He added that the New York Thruway will open today for essential travel and auto removal. (AP)
The preliminary, four-day snowfall totals in western New York are staggering. Wales Center and Hamburg, though they weren’t among the hardest hit during Tuesday’s event, rounded out the week with an incredible 85 inches (seven feet) of snow. Thursday’s lake effect snow band lingered further south than Tuesday’s, cutting across the Southtowns of Erie County. Both Wales Center and Hamburg, with a combined population of 60,000 people, accumulated 48 inches during the first round of lake effect on Tuesday, and then took the brunt of Thursday’s storm, topping off with another 37 inches.
Related: Buffalo death toll rises as officials, residents clear lake-effect snow
Cheektowaga, N.Y., ended the week with 77 inches of snow on the ground. Lancaster, N.Y., totaled 74 inches. The number of locations that saw over three feet of snow this week — some in just one day — is too long to list. Erie and Genessee counties have logged widespread totals over 40 inches.
According to records kept by the National Weather Service, the largest snow event on record in Buffalo, N.Y, was 81.6 inches in 2001 — about seven feet — which accumulated over the course of five days. While snowfall records are not kept for locations other than Buffalo itself, seven feet is still a good indicator of a historic snow event in the region, putting this week’s event at the top of the list, and surely the top of local memory for a long time to come.
After a couple of days of digging, Bethann Casey finally is able to retrieve some items from her car in South Buffalo pic.twitter.com/m61FGKhbKM
— Derek Gee (@DerekGeePhoto) November 20, 2014
Unfortunately the threat of dangerous weather has not faded along with the lake effect snow bands. An almost summer-like warm up is expected early next week, and Buffalo is forecast to hit 60 degrees on Monday.
Add to that the rain that is expected on Sunday into Monday, and the region is looking at what could be a significant flooding event.
Temperatures are expected to soar into the 60s in Upstate New York early next week, ahead of the next shot of cold air. (weatherbell.com)
The National Weather Service has issued a flood watch for the same areas that were hardest hit by this week’s snow — Erie, Genessee, and Wyoming counties — which is in effect from Sunday afternoon through Wednesday morning. Meteorologists at the Weather Service in Buffalo explain how the combination of snow, rain, and rising temperatures will become so dangerous:
How about the view out of my rear garage #snowvember #OrchardPark pic.twitter.com/xc2dgzdbh5

Bill Cosby loses two stand-up gigs in Las Vegas and TucsonBill Cosby during an interview. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
Bill Cosby just lost two more gigs.
The comedian will no longer perform stand-up shows at the Treasure Island Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas (next Friday, Nov. 28) and Desert Diamond Casino in Tucson (on Feb. 15), both establishments confirmed to the AP . The Vegas casino said it was a “mutual agreement,” while the Tucson casino did not elaborate on the reasons behind the cancellation.
Cosby, under renewed fire for multiple allegations of drugging and sexually assaulting women over the course of his career, has seen several companies distance themselves this week: NBC stopped development on an upcoming sitcom ; Netflix postponed his Thanksgiving special; and TV Land pulled reruns of “The Cosby Show” off the air.
On Friday, Comedy Central confirmed that the channel will no longer air a rerun of Cosby’s stand-up special, “Far From Finished,” the day after Thanksgiving. The special made its worldwide premiere on the network last November, and was touted as Cosby’s first TV concert special in three decades. About 2 million viewers tuned in.
It was a quick and abrupt fall  for the comedian, given that these allegations have surrounded Cosby for years. But this month more women have publicly come forward to say they had been raped by Cosby years ago. Cosby has denied these accusations for years, and this week, two of his lawyers said the claims are not true. In 2006, Cosby settled with a civil suit with a woman who said he sexually assaulted her.
Meanwhile, Cosby is still scheduled to perform a sold-out show in Melbourne, Fla., on Friday night. He also performed in the Bahamas on Thursday night and did not mention anything about the allegations.
On Friday morning, a spokesman for Centric confirmed that “The Cosby Show” reruns are still on the cable network’s schedule.
Emily Yahr covers pop culture and entertainment for the Post. Follow her on Twitter @EmilyYahr .

http://www.usatoday.com/...Top 5 money problems Americans face
We ranked the top financial problems people are facing these days.
Post to Facebook
Top 5 money problems Americans face We ranked the top financial problems people are facing these days. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sc9N6Q
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
19
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Top 5 money problems Americans face
Erika Rawes, Wall St. Cheat Sheet 8 a.m. EDT September 20, 2014
We ranked the top financial problems people are facing these days.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
447 CONNECT 189 TWEET 90 LINKEDIN 19 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Most of us are no strangers to financial issues. You may have heard about the groundbreaking AP research from last year, which found that 4 out of 5 American adults are faced with economic insecurity at some point during their lives. This means that 80% of us have felt the worry and anxiety associated with losing a job, living on an income that's near the poverty level, or being reliant on some form of welfare.
This statistic is shocking to most people who hear it as we often think only the lower earners (the lower and lower-middle class) deal with serious money problems. To find out the vast majority of Americans have been in this same boat is not only surprising, it's a bit disconcerting. Even when we achieve a level of financial security and freedom we have to wonder, is it permanent? Many Americans fear for their financial future.
A recent survey by Money-Rates asked people about their financial worries, regrets, and fears. The survey was conducted by Op4G and it polled 2,000 respondents, asking them the questions: What would you like to change most about your financial behavior? And also, how would you put a $10,000 windfall to use?
Using the result of this Money-Rates survey, coupled with information from last year's survey and other resources, we ranked the top financial problems people are facing these days.
1. Problems making ends meet, let alone feeling comfortable
Regularly meeting essential expenses was the most common financial concern among the survey participants. More than one-third (35%) of the Money-Rates survey respondents said that paying regular financial obligations — bills, a mortgage or rent payment, credit card payments, etc. — was their biggest financial worry. With so many Americans living paycheck to paycheck, it's no surprise that people having trouble paying for these essentials.
NEW MEANING TO TGIF: Advocates push 3-day weekend
While some survey respondents worried about needs, others worried more about wants. A large portion of the men surveyed (more men than women) said financial comfort was at the top of their priority list. Last year's survey results indicated that financial comfort was high on the priorities list, as three out of 10 (just over 30%) of those surveyed identified their single biggest financial worry as "ensuring I have enough to maintain a comfortable lifestyle."
2. Living for today
According to a Federal Reserve survey release from earlier this year, "Thirty-one percent of non-retired respondents reported having no retirement savings or pension, including 19% of those ages 55 to 64."
With close to one-in-five of those near retirement having zero retirement savings, it's no wonder so many respondents (40%) cited a lack of savings as their biggest financial regret, and another 36% of people said they feared they would not be able to retire comfortably.
On top of these individuals who regret not saving, there are also those individuals who are, for the most part, completely focused on the present. According to that same Federal Reserve release, 24% of people have given little thought to retirement planning and another 25% have given no thought to retirement planning at all.
3. Accumulating too much debt
If $10,000 fell out of the sky and into your lap, how would you use it? Around four in 10 (41%) of those who participated in the Money-Rates survey would pay down debt with that money. High amounts of debt is a large concern for many Americans. Last year's survey found that around one out of five people (20%) feel that accumulating too much debt is their biggest financial regret.
The average household's credit card debt exceeds $7,000, according to Nerd Wallet. In addition to this debt, many Americans also have to worry about mortgages, car loans, and of course student loans. Last year's Money-Rates survey also found that 8% of people feel that paying student loans is their biggest financial worry.
4. Making poor purchasing and investing decisions
Some American households are still feeling the sting of the recession. According to the Federal Reserve survey, "over 60% of respondents reported that their families were either 'doing okay' or 'living comfortably' financially; although one-fourth said that they were 'just getting by' financially and another 13% said they were struggling to do so."
Even those who no longer feel the impact of the economic downturn still have to face the results of their own decision making. A large portion of the survey respondents (46% of men and 26% of women) acknowledge the impact of their financial decisions and say they'd like to work towards making wiser investment or purchasing decisions.
5. Being unable to enjoy money
On the entirely opposite end of the spectrum, there is that handful of people out there who are completely money-conscious. These individuals are financially healthy, they budget and plan where every penny is going to go, and their financial future is secure (as much as it can be).
Nearly 12% of respondents from last year's survey said their biggest financial regret was being too cheap and not allowing themselves to enjoy their money. A little over 10% of respondents said that if they could change only one thing about the way they handle money, they would enjoy their money and spend it a bit more freely.
Wall St. Cheat Sheet is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news and commentary. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
447 CONNECT 189 TWEET 90 LINKEDIN 19 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sc9N6Q
USA NOW
Discovery 'eaten alive' by viewers | USA NOW
Dec 08, 2014

Freed fishermen taken to DelhiNEW DELHI, November 20, 2014
Updated: November 21, 2014 01:38 IST
Freed fishermen taken to Delhi
Suhasini Haidar
Tweet
PTI
Five Indian fishermen (three are seen), on their arrival IGI Airport in New Delhi on Thursday a day after they were released from the prison in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Anxious relatives waited for them in Tiruchi
The five Indian fishermen freed by Sri Lanka after President Mahinda Rajapaksa commuted their death sentence arrived in India on Thursday, but not to the emotional reunion with the families they expected.
Instead of flying to Tiruchi, where their families and a big crowd had gathered for their return en route to their hometown Rameswaram, the five men — Emerson, P. Augustus, R. Wilson, K. Prasath and J. Langlet — were put on a direct flight to Delhi from Colombo.
At the Indira Gandhi International Airport, however, they were received by officials of the Ministry of External Affairs. They were later handed over to Intelligence Bureau and Home Ministry officials.
“The MEA’s role is over,” said an official, referring to the Ministry’s efforts to secure their release. Sources said the men were taken on Thursday evening for an “intelligence debrief” and it was part of “normal procedure.”(With additional reporting by D.J. Walter Scott from Ramanathapuram)

Obama to be chief guest at 2015 Republic DayNEW DELHI/WASHINGTON, November 21, 2014
Updated: November 22, 2014 08:02 IST
Obama to be chief guest at Republic Day celebrations
Suhasini Haidar
In this file photo, U.S. President Barack Obama greets Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the doorstep of the White House. Photo: Special Arrangement
PTI
File picture shows Prime Minister Narendra Modi and U.S. President Barack Obama at White House, Washington.
TOPICS
diplomacy
He will be the first US President to participate in the Indian Republic Day celebration in New Delhi as the Chief Guest.
In a major sign of the deepening ties between India and the US, Prime Minister Modi has invited President Obama to be the chief guest at the Republic Day ceremony next year. Sources told The Hindu that the invitation was delivered by Prime Minister Modi during his visit to Myanmar and Australia, when he met with President Obama at the East Asia summit and the G-20 meeting of world leaders.
On Friday evening, shortly after receiving the official letter from the White House, Prime Minister Modi posted a message on Twitter to say, “This Republic Day, we hope to have a friend over…invited President Obama to be the 1st US President to grace the occasion as Chief Guest.”
In response, the US National Security Council twitter account said, “@ invite of @narendramodi, President Obama will travel to #India in Jan 2015 to participate in Indian Republic Day celebration as Chief Guest.”
A statement by the White House Press Secretary on the official website noted that this would “mark the first time a U.S. president will have the honour of attending Republic Day.”
This Republic Day, we hope to have a friend over…invited President Obama to be the 1st US President to grace the occasion as Chief Guest.

Muslim scholar booked for insulting 4-yr-old rapevictimPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:13 am
The Kerala Police have registered a case against prominent Sunni scholar Perode Abdurahiman Saqafi on charges of making insulting remarks against a four-year-old girl, who was allegedly raped in her school in Kozhikode.
A prominent orator, Saqafi is the general secretary of the trust that runs Darul Huda English Medium School at Parakkadavu in Kozhikode, where the victim used to study. Last week, the police had arrested two youths, who were inmates of an orphanage-cum-religious centre, in connection with the alleged sexual assault.
During a meeting between school authorities and “well-wishers”, Saqafi, while questioning the rape allegations, made inappropriate remarks against the victim, the girl’s family alleged. The police registered the case after the girl’s parents moved a complaint.
Saqafi was heard saying, “We don’t have any information about what happened to the girl in between the day of the alleged rape and in the following nine days after which the family complained about the incident. We don’t know the places where she had gone in these nine days.’’
“The day the girl was allegedly raped in the school bathroom, she had sat through the entire class hours and returned home by school bus. We have not got any evidence to suggest that she had encountered any problem at the school,’’ he said, and argued, “If she was injured, will she sit in the class.’’

In polices first questioning of medicos  seven juniors faceheatArjina Begum, Korban Shah's wife, with her four children. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:12 am
Amid the growing dissension against no arrest in the the brutal lynching of a 28-year-old by MBBS students, the police on Friday questioned seven interns at NRS Medical College and Hospital during its visit to the hostel.
The death of Korban Shah, who was lynched on November 16 by the medical students on allegations that he was a cell phone thief, has put the police and the college authorities under intense scrutiny in light of a possible cover-up.
Confirming the visit, a senior police officer said a team of officials visited the NRS hostel and questioned seven junior doctors, although the official added that no arrests have been made so far.
Korban’s family had on Thursday lodged a murder complaint with Entally police station against the medical students.
The police officials yet again claimed that the NRS hospital authorities are not cooperating with the investigation. A senior official of the detective department of Kolkata Police claimed the investigators had asked for the list of the boarders from the authority some days ago, but the list has not been given yet.
“We are yet to receive the list of the junior doctors residing in the hostel. We have reminded the authority time and again but the list has not reached us. However, we are continuing with the investigation,” the official said.
The police had Thursday interrogated six men, three of whom are masons engaged with the construction work at the boys’ hostel. Three others are canteen staff.
Korban died after being brutally assaulted on the third-floor corridor of the hostel. The autopsy report revealed he had 18 injury marks on his body.
Meanwhile, the departmental inquiry initiated by the hospital authority is yet to be completed. A senior professor, pleading anonymity, said the report will be submitted to the state government next week.

FM: Time to remove LPG subsidy for people likeusPrint
Jaitley also said government would be able to meet the direct tax target, though indirect tax remains a “challenge” as manufacturing sector was a great source of worry. (Source: PTI photo)
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:08 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 10:36 am
Taking forward reforms on fuel subsidy, finance minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said that the government is considering removal of subsidy on cooking gas for well-off consumers.
“The next important decision that India has to take is whether people like us should get our LPG subsidy,” he said at the Hindustan Times Leadership Summit. While diesel and petrol prices have already been freed up, consumers at present get 12 cooking gas cylinders every year at a subsidised rate of Rs 414 each (in Delhi). Any requirement beyond this will have to be purchased at the market price of Rs 880 per 14.2-kg cylinder.
“I think the sooner we are able to take these decisions as to who is entitled to these subsidies, of course some people would be, the better it would be for our system. These decisions are all on our agenda,” the finance minister stressed.
Removing the subsidy on cooking gas for better off consumers would help the government lower its spending on unproductive subsidies, giving it much needed space to increase its capital expenditure as well as curb its fiscal deficit.
Jaitley said he had also recently had a meeting with the Expenditure Management Commission, which has been tasked with reviewing government subsidies as well as spending. “I hope they will come out with a strategy…,” he said. The minister’s comments come at a time when the government is trying to meet its fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent in 2014-15.
Jaitley also said government would be able to meet the direct tax target, though indirect tax remains a “challenge” as manufacturing sector was a great source of worry.
Meanwhile, listing out reforms that the NDA government is set to take, the minister said he was “almost ready” with the proposal on the Goods and Services Tax and was confident that the Constitution Amendment Bill on it would be introduced in the Winter Session starting Monday.
Referring to long-pending insurance bill, he said “we are on the verge” of opening the sector a little more. The Bill proposes to increase foreign direct investment limit in the insurance sector to 49 per cent from the current 26 per cent.
While refusing to comment on the possibility of a rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India in its next policy review on December 2, the finance minister said, “I have lot of patience.” However, he pointed out that banks have been defensive about lending due to rising bad loans while manufacturing is a source of concern due to factors like cost of capital  foreign investors are keen to invest in the continued…

Smriti Irani justifies move  citesConstitutionPrint
Smriti Irani questioned the timing of the controversy saying it was created “deliberately.”
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:07 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 9:54 am
Even as Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani asserted that teaching German as a third language in schools violates the Indian Constitution, a senior VHP leader said Sanskrit should be compulsory in the curriculum.
Amidst controversy over the HRD Ministry’s decision to replace German with Sanskrit as the third language in the Kendriya Vidyalayas, VHP leader Ashok Singhal said one “foreign language” is enough in India.
“Now, there will be many more things (apart from Sanskrit) made compulsory. This is the language of our country. Everything was written in Sanskrit thousands of years ago. If you want to eliminate it, it means you want to eliminate this country,” Singhal said on the sidelines of World Hindu Congress.
Irani, who addressed the Educational Conference held as a part of the event, maintained that German cannot be taught in schools as a third language. Pointing out that the Eighth Schedule of Indian Constitution recognises 23 Indian languages which can be taught as a third language in schools, Irani said: “The schools were teaching German as the third language which was in violation of the Constitution… We or the Ministry or KVs could not have renewed the contract…I have taken oath under Indian Constitution and I will abide by it.”
An MoU was signed between Kendriya Vidyalayas and Goethe Institute-Max Mueller Bhawan in 2011 to offer German as the third language.
She questioned the timing of the controversy saying it was created “deliberately.”
The Minister added that as far as the affected students are concerned, KVs have started providing them counselling.
“Students have the option of picking any Indian language as the third language instead of Sanskrit. If a student wishes to take Tamil as the third language, we will ensure a Tamil teacher is provided,” she said.
Congress: Ruler’s real face has been revealed by backseat drivers
Hours after the VHP claimed that “proud Hindus” have come to rule Delhi after 800 years and demanded that Sanskrit be made compulsory in schools, the Congress Friday said the ruler’s real face has been revealed by the “backseat drivers”. “This is not good for the country… The person who has come to power showing a different face…his real face has been revealed by the backseat drivers,” Congress spokesperson Shaktisinh Gohli said. “I want to ask who was Narasimha Rao or Atal Bihari Vajpayee or H D Deve Gowda. Their (Sangh Parivar’s) definition (of Hindus) is different. Secularism is enshrined in our Constitution. The Constitution treats everyone as equal. Communal politics is against the nation. Religious and caste politics are not good for the country,” he said. “We are for Sanskrit” but “we will have to move with the times,” Gohil said.    ens

Petition in SC  Centre asked to explaindecisionPrint
Students and parents at a counselling session at Kendriya Vidyalaya in Dhaula Kuan. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:01 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 1:02 am
The Centre was on Friday asked to explain its decision to replace German with Sanskrit as the third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas (KV), after a group of parents questioned the “arbitrary and hasty” decision taken by Smriti Irani-led Human Resource Development Ministry.
Agreeing to examine the government’s action, a bench led by Justice Anil R Dave issued a notice on the parents’ petition and sought a response from the Centre by November 28, the next date of hearing.
Advocate Reena Singh, appearing for the petitioner, contended that the decision on the language should be left to the students and parents, and the government should not impose its decision on them.
The petitioners also said that the decision was taken without keeping in mind the adverse affect it will have on students.
“The Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan has failed to take into account the pertinent fact that such a decision cannot be taken mid-session as it would amount to throwing into complete disarray the overall academic preparation of the affected students,” the petition added.
The petition argued that the government should not take such an “arbitrary and hasty” decision at this belated stage, without any consultation with the affected students and their parents.
“The decision to replace German with Sanskrit language in all Kendriya Vidyalayas across the country has been taken by the Respondents in a hurried manner without application of mind and without considering the catastrophic consequences on the interest and welfare of students studying in such Kendriya Vidyalayas,” stated the petition.
The Board of Governors of the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan, headed by Irani, had in its meeting on October 27 decided that teaching of German language as an option to Sanskrit will be discontinued forthwith. German has been kept as an additional subject for students.
The decision is expected to affect about more than 70,000 students across 500 KVs from Classes VI to VIII.

Diet diary: Switch tosugar-freeSugars can be used in moderation by most healthy active people but must be used sparingly by weight watchers.
Posted: November 22, 2014 12:58 am
By Ishi Khosla
I am often asked if consuming a certain amount of sugar is essential in our diet. During digestion in the body, all carbohydrates including starches like cereals — bread, roti, rice, pulses, dals, fruits and potatoes breakdown into sugars. The body uses these sugars for energy.
Sugars can be used in moderation by most healthy active people but must be used sparingly by weight watchers, those with abdominal obesity, diabetes, dyslipidemia (abnormal cholesterol levels) and inactive people.
So if you decide to eat a sugar-free diet, whether due to medical reasons or personal preferences, you need to get ‘sugar-wise’. Don’t get fooled by taste or appearances and claims on food labels. There is plenty of sugar in disguise which you may not account for. Here are some tips to make your transition to a sugar-free diet easier:
Tip 1: Cut back slowly on your sugar consumption. If you currently eat a lot of sugar, it can be hard to stop eating it all of a sudden. So, step down your sugar consumption slowly over a few weeks.
Tip 2: Learn how to decode the word ‘sugar’. Just because something is labeled as sugar-free does not mean that it does not have some form of sugar in it. The following terms are all words to describe various forms of sugar: honey, jaggery, molasses, barley malt, brown sugar, cane sugar, corn sweetener, corn or agave syrup,sucrose, lactose, fructose, glucose, dextrose, maltose, galactose, grape sugar, mannitol, sorghum syrup and maple syrup.
Tip 3: Watch what you drink, not just what you eat. Drinks, even those that sound healthy like fruit juices, are often loaded with sugar. Most people know to avoid soft drinks, but you should be mindful of the amount of sugar in your tea, coffee, shakes and juices as well. Sugar can be found even in “diet” drinks and some kinds of flavored waters. Sweetened wines, beer, liquors and mixed alcoholic drinks add to sugar calories indirectly as well.
Tip 4: Make your own foods. Processed foods contain preservatives and massive amounts of sugar to prolong the shelf life and better taste. Buying fresh ingredients to prepare snacks and meals does not take that much more time and it is typically a lot healthier.
Tip 5: Limit refined carbohydrates. Carbohydrate rich foods like white breads, pastas, and so forth might not taste sweet, but they are forms of sugar. Choose healthy carbohydrates like whole grains and pulses rich in fiber.
Tip 6: Nourish your body adequately. Sugar cravings can often result as a consequence of missing nutrients. These include proteins, good fats, B-vitamins, magnesium, chromium and zinc.
Tip 7: ‘Sugar free’ fixes include mouth fresheners like fennel, cardamom, tea, coffee and sugar free sweets and gums.
Tip 8: Talk continued…

Bhagwat: Time for Hindus to show leadership to theworldPrint
He said, “Do not ask what’s the opportune time. In life turbulence will keep coming... When you start, that is the good time.”
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 12:54 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 8:55 am
 
Basking in the glory of the BJP’s unprecedented victory in the recent Lok Sabha elections, Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat said this was the right time for Hindu resurgence.
Echoing a similar view, Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) leader Ashok Singhal claimed power was in the hands of “proud Hindus” after 800 years, since Prithviraj Chauhan ruled Delhi. Chauhan, he said, was the last Hindu king before the Muslims and then English ruled the country till its Independence in 1947.
“The world has tried fundamentalists, Communists and conservatives and has now turned to the Hindus to find solutions to the problems… Hindus should rise in unison and show the world leadership based on values,” Bhagwat said at the inaugural session of the World Hindu Congress, a three-day conclave organised by World Hindu Foundation, an NGO and the VHP.
The rise, Bhagwat said, will not be “a reaction to anything or to oppose anybody.” He said, “Do not ask what’s the opportune time. In life turbulence will keep coming… When you start, that is the good time.”
Bhagwat urged: “Let us start our work in all walks of life… leadership based on our values is required. Let us demonstrate that capability. We have to work on values of sameness of humanity.”
However, Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama and Chief Minister of Sri Lanka’s Northern Province C V Wigneswaran reminded the Hindu leaders that they should focus on “knowledge and philosophy” rather than “rituals.”
The Dalai Lama, who said he would prefer to follow ancient Indian gurus rather than the modern ones as the latter are “westernised. “Its not enough to do pujas without knowing the meaning… Instead of temples in every corner, there should be more cultural and learning centres,” he said.
Talking at World Hindu Economic Forum, Union Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said strong leadership and substantive arguments led to resolution of differences on food security related issues and paved the way for ending the impasse at the WTO soon.

RSS says cops disrupting itsshakhasPrint
Written by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata | Posted: November 22, 2014 12:52 am
A day after a minister in Mamata Banerjee government accused the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) of imparting arms training, it has come to fore that the administration has already started swooping down on Sangh’s shakhas.
The RSS leadership in West Bengal have cited two such incidents and taken up the matter with Governor Kesari Nath Tripathy seeking his intervention in the matter. They also said they will move court against senior Trinamool Congress leader and a minister in Mamata Banejee cabinet Partha Chatterjee’s statement that a facade of “route march and drills by khaki-shorts clad people” was being used to give arms training.
“Earlier this month, the police disrupted two shakhas at Baruipur and Gosaba in South-24 Parganas district. At Gosaba, where the shakha is held in the house of our member Manoranjan Sardar, the police came and disrupted it.
They even threw pictures of Swami Vivekananda and Bharat mata on the road. On November 17, we filed a complaint with superintendent of police, South-24 Parganas Praveen Tripathy regarding the matter. We have also received information that all police stations of West Bengal have got instructions to keep a stringent vigil on shakhas and if needed stop them,” Jishnu Bose, Pranta Pracharak of RSS, told The Indian Express.
He said, on Thursday, a RSS delegation  met the Governor and requested him to look into the matter. “He has told us that he would tell the Home Department to look into the matter,” Bose, who was in the delegation that met the Governor, said.
Other members of the delegation included Atul Kumar Biswas, Prant Sanghachalak, (president), Bidyut Mukherhee, Sah Prant Pracharak and Srimanta Chanda, Sah Prant Karyabaha.
Contacted, SP South-24 Parganas, Praveen Tripathy said he would look into the matter. “I have  not yet got the complaints. Once I get them, I will definitely get them investigated,” Tripathy told The Indian Express.
A senior official of the Home Department confirmed that they are keeping an eye on the activities of the shakhas. “The home department has not issued any notice to stop the shakhas but a general vigilance is there,” a senior official of the department told The Indian Express.
The RSS leadership has taken serious exception to minister Partha Chatterjee’s remark in the Assembly and they are consulting legal
experts to file a case against him. “While we have sent a report to our headquarters, we are also consulting legal experts on how to file a case since the minister said this in the Assembly. Meanwhile, we will organise agitations, rallies and meetings all over the state to protest against the police high-handedness,” Bose said.
Replying to a debate on a resolution against communalism, Partha Chatterjee had said that the administration has definite information “that behind the route march and drill by people clad in khaki shorts, arms training is being given. We have also heard Durga Vahinis (of women) are being formed. Communal forces are being given encouragement”.  He, however, had not named the RSS.

What if you woke up one day and turned into a giantOur Lives: Turning into a Giant
by Barcroft TV 48:29 mins
91,400 views
Our Lives: Turning into a Giant
by Barcroft TV 48:29 mins
91,400 views
Follow the extraordinary journeys of three individuals with Acromegalic Gigantism: an extremely rare, unpredictable and life-threatening condition that causes the body to grow to massive proportions, transforming people into real-life fairytale giants.  This is a full-length documentary produced by Barcroft TV.
Link

10 lies you were taught in school10 Wrong Facts You Were Taught In School
by All Time 10s 2:48 mins
125,000 views
10 Wrong Facts You Were Taught In School
by All Time 10s 2:48 mins
125,000 views
Everyone know Edison invented the light bulb and there's no gravity in space. Unfortunately, not everything you've been taught is true.   Find out more with 10 wrong facts you were taught in school.
Link

Shocking: The profit Apple makes by selling one iPhone 6How Much Do They Profit From That?
by BuzzFeed 1:19 mins
Making billions, 6 cents at a time.
Link

Burger King wants a bite of the Indian market. Can it ruleBurger King tests India waters, starts with 12 outlets
Reuters –  Sat 8 Nov, 2014 12:36 PM IST
Print
MUMBAI (Reuters) - U.S. fast food chain Burger King Worldwide will open about 12 outlets in India over the next 60-90 days, Rajeev Varman, chief executive of the hamburger chain's India unit said on Saturday.
The chain announced last year a tie-up with the Everstone Group to develop the Burger King brand presence in the country.
In India, the hamburger chain has changed its menu to sell mutton, chicken and veggie sandwiches.
"In the long run, India is going to be one of the largest markets globally. Burger King most certainly sees India as one of the biggest opportunities in the future," Varman said ahead of the chain's first store opening in New Delhi.
Burger King is a late entrant in the country. Rival McDonald's Corp has been around for close to two decades and has already grown its network in tier two and three cities.
"Turkey, China and Russia are each growing by around 100 restaurants a year. Here in India, we will set up our first few restaurants and use that to fine-tune our operating model before determining our growth plans," Varman said in an email.
 

Sushant Divgikar bows out of  Bigg Boss 8Celebrity
Sushant Divgikar bows out of Bigg Boss Season 8
Seven weeks inside the Bigg Boss house is no easy feat! And after spending as much time in the Bigg Boss house, it is now Sushant Divgikar’s turn to return to the outside world as he finds himself eliminated from the show.
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s ... more 
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s gang, Sushant was friendly with them all. less 
1 / 30

Sri Lanka to transfer convicted TN fishermen to India5 Tamil fishermen on death row in Sri Lanka to be transferred to India
Yahoo India –  Mon 10 Nov, 2014
Recommend
Print
CHENNAI: Sri Lanka will transfer all the five fishermen, who had been sentenced to death on the charge of drug trafficking, to India, a CNN IBN report said quoting BJP leader Subramanian Swamy.
This will come as a huge relief to the fishermen and their families. Television reports said that the deadlock was broken after Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke with Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa on the issue, according to a tweet from Dr Swamy.
The fishermen will be transferred to an Indian jail, reports said.
"Namo and Rajapaksa spoke on the phone yesterday & agreed to process papers & transfer 5 fishermen convicted to Indian jail. I am vindicated!" the tweet read.
The case dates back to 2011 when the five fishermen set out to fish from Rameswaram and were apprehended by the Sri Lankan Navy on the charge of possessing narcotics.
A Sri Lankan court had recently sentenced the five fishermen to death in the case.
The Indian fishermen were arrested by the Sri Lankan navy in 2011. The fishermen have time till November 11 to appeal at the Lankan Supreme Court.
India's Ministry of External Affairs had said that the Indian government will challenge the order in the upper court.
Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin was quoted by CNN IBN as saying, "We will take up this matter. Judgment is passed by the lower court. We will challenge this case in the upper court."
Earlier, the executive director of Sri Lanka's Institute of Policy Studies, Dr. Saman Kelegama, had called for a bilateral settlement between New Delhi and Colombo on the issue of the death penalty given to five Indian fishermen in a drug smuggling case.
"This is a thing that is concerned with both the countries. So, we have to bilaterally settle this issue of fishermen crossing maritime border and fishing in each others' territory," said Dr. Kelegama.
"Neighbours always have problems, be it in South Asia, Latin America or wherever. So, this is a typical problem between two neighbours," he added.
Dr. Kelegama said the fishermen row has created a conflict between India and Sri Lanka.
The Colombo High Court had earlier on October 30 held five Indian fishermen, who were arrested by the Sri Lankan Navy in 2011 on charges of smuggling drugs, guilty of drug trafficking.
The arrest of the Indian fishermen by the Sri Lankan Navy has been a major topic of debate between the two nations.
Former Tamil Nadu chief minister and AIADMK supremo J. Jayalalithaa had earlier written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, asking him to pressurize the Sri Lankan authorities to free the fishermen detained in that country.
Jayalalithaa had in her letter to the Prime Minister insisted on laying down a time-bound action plan in a bid to achieve a long-term permanent solution to the problem, reports said.
Meanwhile, BJP's Tamil Nadu chief Tamilisai Soundararajan said that the Indian High Commissioner was in touch with the fishermen.
"The government is taking legal steps to release the fishermen. And also on humanitarian grounds, our High Commissioner to Sri Lanka has met them personally and has assured them they can talk with their relatives, given some clothing to them when they requested that they have to meet relatives and was assured that arrangements will be made," said Soundararajan. (ANI and agencies)
Recommend

Uber CEO Apologizes For Exec s  Terrible  Suggestion That The Company Investigate Journalistsreddit
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick apologized Tuesday on Twitter for explosive comments a senior executive at his firm made over the weekend.
As BuzzFeed first reported Monday, Uber Vice President Emil Michael said at a dinner in New York on Friday that he wanted to spend $1 million to hire a team to research and fight back against journalists who have written negative stories about Uber. They could do this, he said, by investigating journalists' personal lives and families, BuzzFeed reported.
Michael specifically criticized one journalist -- Sarah Lacy, the editor-in-chief of tech site Pando Daily, according to BuzzFeed. Lacy recently wrote a column calling out Uber for sexism and said she had deleted the app from her phone. At the dinner, according to an article by BuzzFeed Editor-in-Chief Ben Smith, Michael "said that he thought Lacy should be held 'personally responsible' for any woman who followed her lead in deleting Uber and was then sexually assaulted."
The dinner was hosted by Ian Osborne, a consultant to Uber who is a former adviser to U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron. According to BuzzFeed, actor Edward Norton, Arianna Huffington and USA Today columnist Michael Wolff were in attendance.
Wolff invited Smith to the dinner as his guest. However, he did not tell Smith that the conversation was off the record, meaning journalists agreed not to report on the event. "My fault," Wolff tweeted .
In a series of tweets on Tuesday afternoon, Kalanick said he was sorry.  "Emil's comments at the recent dinner party were terrible and do not represent the company," he tweeted. The comments "were a departure from our values and ideals." Kalanick promised that the company would do better at communicating "positive stories" to the public -- for one, by sharing inspiring stories about their drivers.
"I believe that folks who make mistakes can learn from them -- myself included," Kalanick tweeted .
In his 13th tweet, he apologized to Lacy: "13/ and last, I want to apologize to @sarahcuda "
Kalanick's tweets follow a personal apology from Michael and a statement from Uber emphasizing that they had no policy of retaliation toward journalists. "We have not, do not and will not investigate journalists. Those remarks have no basis in the reality of our approach," the company said.
The BuzzFeed story set off a storm of criticism earlier in the day, with some journalists calling on people to delete their Uber apps.
Lacy published a lengthy response on Pando Daily , calling for serious action from Uber. Lacy said she was reaching out to the company's more prominent investors to get them to pressure Kalanick take to action. In a separate interview with Re/code , Lacy said that Michael should be fired.
Michael put out a public statement of apology on Monday:
The remarks attributed to me at a private dinner – borne out of frustration during an informal debate over what I feel is sensationalistic media coverage of the company I am proud to work for – do not reflect my actual views and have no relation to the company’s views or approach. They were wrong no matter the circumstance and I regret them.
You can read all of Kalanick's tweets below:
1/ Emil's comments at the recent dinner party were terrible and do not represent the company.
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
2/ His remarks showed a lack of leadership, a lack of humanity, and a departure from our values and ideals
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
3/ His duties here at Uber do not involve communications strategy or plans and are not representative in any way of the company approach
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
4/ Instead, we should lead by inspiring our riders, our drivers and the public at large.
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
5/ We should tell the stories of progress and appeal to people’s hearts and minds
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
6/ We must be open and vulnerable enough to show people the positive principles that are the core of Uber’s culture
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
7/ We must tell the stories of progress Uber has brought to cities and show the our constituents that we are principled and mean well
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
8/ The burden is on us to show that, and until Emil’s comments we felt we were making positive steps along those lines
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
9/ But I will personally commit to our riders, partners and the public that we are up to the challenge
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
10/ We are up to the challenge to show that Uber is and will continue to be a positive member of the community
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
11/ And furthermore, I will do everything in my power towards the goal of earning that trust.
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
12/ I believe that folks who make mistakes can learn from them – myself included.
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
13/ and that also goes for Emil ..
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
13/ and last, I want to apologize to @sarahcuda
— travis kalanick (@travisk) November 18, 2014
CORRECTION: Ben Smith was incorrectly identified in an earlier version of this story. He is BuzzFeed's editor-in-chief.
More:

Airline Hits Sleepy Flier With $1 200 Wi-Fi BillIn-flight Wi-Fi is a godsend for fliers with important business to conduct or a cute, "can’t-wait" selfie to send. But is that modern amenity worth $1,200?
Toronto businessman Jeremy Gutsche doesn’t think so.
During a recent flight from London to Singapore on Singapore Airlines, Gutsche signed up for a $30 in-flight internet package. He checked his email and took a nap. Then he woke up to a Wi-Fi bill for over a thousand dollars.
Trendhunter.com
Receipt for Jeremy's WiFi bill.
At the end of his flight, Gutsche’s tab from in-flight internet provider OnAir showed an overage charge of $1,142.47, for a grand total of $1,171.46.
"Yes, the pricing per mb was disclosed on sign-up, but I bought the $30 package, slept through most the flight, and really didn't think I'd end up a thousand bucks past the limit," he wrote on his website. Gutsche could not be immediately reached for comment.
Indeed, the busy trend watcher who described himself in an online profile as “easily distracted” may not have noticed if he clicked “allow me to use the internet without interruption” or “disconnect my session when I’ve reached my data allowance” at sign-in.
A Singapore Airlines spokesperson said the company “is in touch with Mr. Gutsche regarding his recent feedback.” But OnAir said Gutsche, like all customers, had plenty of opportunities to bail out.
SingaporeAirlines.com
A screenshot of the Singapore Airlines WiFi login page.
“During the flight, a bar shows your data consumption, so at all times you can see exactly how much data you are using. And even if you have opted for pay-as-you-go, you remain in complete control: you can end the session at any time using the 'disconnect' button,” OnAir spokeswoman Aurelia Branchereau-Giles said via email.
Domestic airlines offering air-to-ground internet service often offer a pass for unlimited use during a flight, a day or a month. But satellite-supported internet connectivity offered by international carriers is more expensive to offer, leading airlines to offer packages of megabyte use.
“These packages are hugely unpopular with passengers, who find them extremely limiting and nothing akin to the connectivity they're accustomed to accessing on the ground,” said Mary Kirby, editor of the Runway Girl Network. “Always read the fine print,” said Kirby, “because myriad carriers offer this sort of packaged service, and airlines will not accept a disregard of the 'terms of service' as an excuse for expensive overages.”
Among business travelers, Gutsche isn’t getting much compassion.
“What kind of stupid traveler pays no attention to the meter,” said Joe Brancatelli, creator of the business travel site JoeSentMe.com, “Does this guy also hop in a cab in Singapore and ask to be taken to Kuala Lumpur?”
Bottom line, says Brancatelli. “Pay more attention.”
Tags:

73 000 Webcams Are Open to Peeping Toms -- Is Yoursreddit
If the past year has taught consumers anything, it's that identity thieves , fraudsters and scammers are on the prowl, going after any information they can use to make a buck. But the intrusions don't stop there.
If the thought of being the unwitting star of your own prime time reality show gives you the willies, consider the recent revelation that more than 73,000 unsecured webcams and surveillance cameras are, as I write this column, viewable on a Russian-based website. The site lists the cameras by country. (Unfortunately, the U.S. is well represented.) In every case, victims ignored safety protocols and installed the cameras with their default login and password -- admin/admin or another easy-to-guess combination findable on any number of public-facing websites.
According to NetworkWorld:
There are 40,746 pages of unsecured cameras just in the first 10 country listings: 11,046 in the U.S.; 6,536 in South Korea; 4,770 in China; 3,359 in Mexico; 3,285 in France; 2,870 in Italy; 2,422 in the U.K.; 2,268 in the Netherlands; 2,220 in Colombia; and 1,970 in India. Like the site said, you can see into 'bedrooms of all countries of the world'. There are 256 countries listed plus one directory not sorted into country categories.
Why It Matters
You may remember the sextortionist who hacked into Miss Teen USA's computer camera and took compromising photographs. He tried to get money in exchange for not distributing the pictures, and got 18 months behind bars instead. That's a bit too lenient in my book.
Unfortunately, there are thousands more slimeballs where this guy came from who are poking around, looking for ways to exploit the private moments of your life for their personal amusement or gain.
The Internet of Things has arrived making homes smart, fitness totally interactive and tasks infinitely easier, but the devices we buy to streamline day-to-day life create vulnerabilities that, when exploited, could bring your day to a screeching halt, and the risks are much higher if you don't apply common sense during the setup of these password-protected devices. The rule here couldn't be simpler: Anything that hooks into a network must be locked down.
Don't think it will happen to you? Consider this: There are websites that list the default passwords of all kinds of devices. If you have something wireless that's hooking up to your household router, it likely came with a pre-set password and login. And there's a good chance, whatever the device, there's a forum online where it's been figured out, hacked, cracked and hijacked for all stripe of nefarious purpose .
Convenient ... for Everyone
The added convenience provided by the Internet of Things is obvious, but the security issues may not be. Are your fitness records hackable by a third party? Are they linked to social media? How much information did that require? A login? A password? And what's to stop a hacker from opening your front door or turning off your heat during a blizzard or your lights during a home invasion: all with an app?
Other common devices that are password protected should immediately come to mind here. Whether it is your household printer, your wireless router or your DVR, there are folks out there who are curious about you, not because they value you as a human being, but because they can create value from any plugged-in human -- whether by fraud or extortion or (in a more old-fashioned mode) getting the information they need to rob you blind when you're not home.
The number of people who don't change default passwords is staggering, as evidenced by the 73,000 wide-open webcams on that Russian website. There's a major disconnect here, and it's specific to the Internet of Things. On the Internet proper, it seems the message has finally seeped in and people are beginning to make themselves harder targets -- making sure their privacy settings are tight and their passwords are both strong and changed frequently. But when it comes the Internet of Things, there is still more learning to be done -- hopefully not Miss Teen USA-style.
The solution, for this particular problem, is remarkably simple: Set a long and strong password on all devices. Whatever it is, it's your job to pick something easy for you to remember and hard for others to guess.
The Bigger Problem
The Pew Research Center released a statistic this month that showed 90% of Americans believe they have no control over their personal information -- that the facts and figures and ciphers unique to them are simply in too many places, and essentially that the data cat's out of the bag .
Breaches have crossed the Rubicam. Whether they are of the unavoidable variety or the product of carelessness, they will continue to happen apace. Now the third certainty in life, breaches have become the potholes on a bumpy road. What no one wants to deal with is the fact that the road ends abruptly -- jagged concrete and rebar sticking out -- and there's nothing but air after that, and a whole lot of it, between you and the endless crimes that can be committed against you.
Follow Adam Levin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Adam_K_Levin
More:

Clearance granted to Tata-AirAsia deal  illegal : Subramanian Swamy to HCIndia market is good at  balancing rigour and magic: Lindsay Pattison, Global CEO, Maxus
The clearance granted to the USD 30 million deal between Tata Sons and Malaysia-based AirAsia is “illegal” and in contravention to FDI policy, 2012, BJP leader Subramanian Swamy today told the Delhi High Court.
Arguing before a special bench of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice Pradeep Nandrajog, he alleged that the joint venture (JV) between Tata and AirAsia had to show before the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) that the airline would be essentially controlled by Indians, but this has not been done.
“In 2012-13, the Union Cabinet felt that few domestic airlines were suffering from crunch of funds. In order to rescue these ailing airways 49 per cent FDI was allowed.
“However, this was subject to conditions like substantial ownership and effective control of the airline being vested in Indian nationals. This was overlooked by FIPB and the clearance granted is illegal. I am seeking a judicial review on this ground,” Swamy said.
Tata and other stakeholders in the matter will argue after Swamy and Federation of Indian Airlines (FIA) conclude their arguments.
Besides Swamy, FIA has filed two separate petitions challenging the approvals being granted to Tata-AirAsia and Tata-SIA Airlines deals respectively.
Tata-SIA Airlines Ltd is a joint venture between Tata and Singapore-based SIA Airlines and Tata-AirAsia is a joint venture between Tata Sons and Malaysia-based AirAsia.
Swamy, in his another application, has sought initiation of contempt proceedings against an official of finance ministry for allegedly making false statement in a reply filed on behalf of the Centre on October 25 last year.
TAGS: AirAsia Subramanian Swamy Tata Sons
More from companies
Eyeing the eyes With BARC's new audience measurement system ready to make its debut, it’s a new dawn breaking on audience metrics in the television broadcast sector. But for other media such as print, radio or out of home, it’s a lot like the dark ages

Ford India recalls over 3 000 Fiesta diesel sedansAudi’s new concept
Ford India on Friday announced the recall of 3,072 units of the Fiesta diesel to replace the ‘Glow Plug Control Module’, a component used to heat the engine in cold starts. The voluntary recall will be free of charge to the consumer, Ford said, adding that no accidents have been reported for this defect.
“We have initiated a Field Service Action to correct a product concern on 3,072 Ford Fiesta TDCi vehicles. Ford is writing to customers and asking them to contact their local Ford dealer so that a new design, waterproof Glow Plug Control Module can be installed free of charge,” the company said in a statement.
A similar problem in the glow plug module had also led Ford to recall about 1,000 units of the newly launched EcoSport diesel in July, 2013. Ford India had last initiated a major recall in September, 2013 for 1.66 units of the Figo and Classic (old Fiesta) models. This was an expansion of a 2012 recall of 1.28 lakh units for issues in the rear suspension and power steering and on a combined basis was the largest-ever auto recall in India.
The most recent vehicle recall in the domestic market was done by Honda and Nissan in October this year to replace defective Takata airbags as part of a global recall. Nissan recalled about 9,000 units of the Micra hatch and Sunny sedans, while Honda recalled 2,338 Brio, Amaze and CR-V models.
Auto recalls by carmakers like Maruti Suzuki, Toyota, Honda and General Motors, have gathered pace in India since 2012 when industry association Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers adopted a ‘voluntary recall code’. However, the government is now finalising a mandatory recall policy with heavy penalties that will be a part of the new Central Motor Vehicle Rules. These rules are expected to be adopted soon.
TAGS: Ford Ford Fiesta
More from automobiles

US President Barack Obama to be chief guest at Republic DayLetters to the editor
For the first time, a US President will be the chief guest at India’s Republic Day parade with President Barack Obama today accepting an invitation in this regard.
“At the invitation of Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi, the President will travel to India in January 2015 to participate in the Indian Republic Day celebration in New Delhi as the Chief Guest,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.
“This visit will mark the first time a US President will have the honour of attending Republic Day, which commemorates the adoption of India’s Constitution,” he said.
“The President will meet with the Prime Minister and Indian officials to strengthen and expand the US-India strategic partnership,” Earnest said.
The White House announcement in this regard came after Prime Minister Modi wrote on Twitter that he has invited Obama to be the Chief Guest at India’s 66th Republic Day Parade on January 26.
Obama would be the first ever US President to travel to India twice. Obama travelled to Mumbai and New Delhi in November 2010.
The India trip assumes significance given that Obama would be travelling to India at a time, when the President normally gives his annual State of the Union Address to the Congress.
Also, the White House normally does not announce President’s travel schedule two months in advance.
After the maiden meeting between Obama and Modi at the White House on September 29 and 30, there is a new sense of energy and enthusiasm in the relationship of the two countries, which had taken a downward turn in the last two years, observers said.
In a brief interaction with the Prime Minister in Myanmar during the East Asia Summit, Obama had described Modi as a “Man of Action”.
Obama, who has promoted a new foreign policy for the Asia Pacific region, considers India as one of the key players in the region and as an anchor of political stability in the region.
This would be Obama’s second travel to Asia in less than six months and the first to South Asia after the complete withdrawal of US troops from Afghanistan.
The United States wants and is looking forward to India playing a major role in the political stability and development of Afghanistan post 2014.

Tunisias post-parliamentary election hangoverComments
By Danya Greenfield November 21
Supporters of Nidaa Tunis leader and presidential candidate Beji Caid Essebsi attend a campaign rally Nov. 15 in the capital Tunis. (Fethi Belaid/AFP/Getty Images)
It has long been a truism of democratic transitions that it is the second election, not the first, that determines whether a new democratic regime has been consolidated. Tunisia’s parliamentary election of Oct. 26 and Sunday’s presidential election, offer just such an event and, even more impressive, the prospect of a peaceful transfer of power through the ballot box. It’s more complicated than that, however, because of unresolved questions about the real nature of Nidaa Tunis and its ability to form a viable government.
The Nidaa Tunis party won a comfortable parliamentary victory in October, taking 85 out of 217 seats, and the governing Ennahda party accepted the results. Nidaa’s presidential candidate, Beji Caid Essebsi, is favored in the Nov. 23 presidential election, although it is not clear whether he will be able to avoid a runoff. Regardless of the outcome of that election, Nidaa has three major challenges to overcome: first, maintaining the cohesion of the party after elections; second, forming a government that answers the demands of its base but does not become paralyzed; and third, moving aggressively to deliver economic and social benefits to an impatient and frustrated Tunisian public. Its ability to respond to these challenges will go a long way toward determining whether the elections lead to genuine democratic consolidation.
Understanding these challenges requires a deeper reading of Nidaa’s electoral gains. Much of the initial reporting cast the election results as a victory of secular democracy over Islamism. With the experience of Egypt and Libya in the background, and general Western discomfort with Islamist parties, this is a tempting and compelling interpretation. But that would be a gross simplification and a misreading of the political dynamics at play.
Nidaa Tunis is led by Essebsi, an 88 year-old former minister from the era of Habib Bourguiba and Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali and senior statesman. For some, Essebsi represents the best of Tunisia’s achievements with deep experience in government, charisma, credibility and a non-ideological stance. To others, however, he embodies a return of the old regime and the ascendency of vested interests seeking to preserve their position, benefits and commercial monopolies. Given that the chants from the uprising that began in 2010 demanded an end to nepotism and corruption as well as the need for equal economic opportunity, some Tunisians are arguing that the Nidaa victory is a reversal of the youth-driven aims of the revolution and a setback for the democratic process.
Nidaa will have the first chance to form a government regardless of the outcome of the presidential vote. It will need to prove that it can respond to the demands of all Tunisians, not just protect the interests of the elite and former ruling party members. There are already questions about Nidaa’s track record related to democratic practices. According to an international expert familiar with these party structures, Nidaa has yet to hold internal party elections, does not have a transparent, decision-making process inside the party, and lacks a coherent, unifying vision. By way of comparison, Ennahda has a far more evolved party structure and internal consultative process, and has now twice demonstrated its willingness to hand over power peacefully. While both parties are still evolving, the anecdotal evidence challenges the notion that secularists will always be better democrats and Islamists are just biding their time to impose an authoritarian model.
Nidaa’s building of its electoral strategy upon capturing the largest number of supporters under its umbrella means it has an enormously unwieldy group of stakeholders that will need to be satisfied. Nidaa galvanized something perhaps more accurately described as an electoral bloc than a coherent party; it includes diverse and somewhat disparate streams across the political spectrum from the far left socialists to the far right nationalists who agreed only on the need to oust Ennahda. This included two of the most powerful special interest groups, the largest labor union that represents public employees (UGTT) and the employers union representing the largest business interests (UTICA), both of which helped lead the successful national dialogue. Without a unifying vision beyond an anti-Ennahda stance, Nidaa could collapse under pressure.
This internal division means Nidaa could have a tough challenge in forming a government. It won the most seats but falls far short of a majority and will therefore need to build a coalition or find sufficient parliamentary support to govern. Nidaa has four options, but each has a major downside: 1. Nidaa could join with Ennahda, the second largest bloc in parliament with 69 seats, which would provide a solid mandate in parliament; 2. Nidaa could sideline Ennahda and instead form a weak majority with the other smaller parties; 3. Nidaa could form a national unity government that would include representation from all parties or; 4. Nidaa could embrace the model of “cohabitation,” likely a technocratic government without official party affiliation.
The economic orientation of Nidaa and Ennahda are fairly close, and they would likely agree on key economic reforms that need to be implemented including liberalization of the banking sector, streamlining of business registration, tax reform that would address the informal economy, and revision of labor laws that limit ability of employers to hire and fire. Yet, Nidaa will surely face opposition from two powerful centers: the UGTT, which would likely oppose reform to labor protections, subsidy reform and tax reform; and UTICA, which could be expected to oppose reforms enhancing competitiveness that would erode its market share and profit margin. One member of Nidaa’s economic bureau noted that “Nidaa campaigned and won on its platform; now UGTT will have get on board with this program,” but confronting the powerful UGTT will not be an easy task. At the same time, other important parties such as the Popular Front (al-Jabha), which won the fourth highest number of seats with 15, would also fight to maintain social protections and subsidies. The constitution also mandates decentralization, which is desperately needed to bring more local decision-making authority to disadvantaged, interior areas of the country. However, this may also be opposed by core constituencies of Nidaa that gain from keeping development and investment dollars concentrated on the coastal areas.
Any accord with Ennahda will likely alienate those for whom antipathy toward the Islamists is the raison d’etre for Nidaa Tunis. Still, it is clear that many voters supported the party not necessarily as an indictment of Islamist politics, but rather a statement of discontent and frustration with the performance of the previous Ennahda-led government that was unable to deliver what it had promised and carried responsibility for the country’s most acute political crisis. Tunisians are nostalgic for the security and economic stability associated with the pre-2011 period, which enhanced Essebsi’s appeal. Many Tunisians voted for Ennahda in 2011 in part because they wanted to see something new, just as many cast their ballot in 2014 for Nidaa to turn the page on three very troublesome years.
Security and economic progress will be the key priorities for the new parliament and next government. While security threats are unpredictable, it will not be difficult to rally the country around its security institutions and push off needed security sector reform. What cannot be delayed, however, is economic growth and job creation that will only come with structural and fiscal reforms. To achieve this, Nidaa will have to balance many competing interests, even overcoming dissent among its own ranks that have yet to let go of the old model of a centralized state characterized by a narrow elite controlling the flow of information, resources and access.
Survey evidence shows that a plurality of voters who lent their support to Nidaa Tunis expect results. A weak coalition, or a government with strong opposition, will have an enormously difficult time pushing through critical reforms and advancing a clear economic agenda. According to the International Republican Institute’s September poll , 58 percent of respondents described the current economic situation in Tunisia as very bad, and a further 22 percent said somewhat bad. Furthermore, the lethargic pace of economic growth contributed to a 19-point increase (from 48 percent to 67 percent) in the percentage of people who think Tunisia is headed in the wrong direction, as compared with an April poll.
The fear among many Tunisians is that Nidaa Tunis simply won’t be able to form a government that will take bold, ambitious steps toward economic and administrative reform. A Tunisian political analyst noted that “the fear isn’t that Tunisia will fall off the cliff, rather that it will just stagnate.” The politics of satisfying coalition partners could cause complete paralysis and render the government simply incapable of building enough parliamentary support to pass painful, but necessary reforms and administrative restructuring.
Nidaa has a very difficult task ahead walking this tightrope. A presidential victory for Essebsi may give the party more leverage, but it will also make other actors more nervous about a Nidaa-dominated political environment. For now, party representatives have said they are waiting to see the outcome of the presidential election before engaging in the nitty-gritty of government formation, and it may be March or April 2015 before it comes to fruition. In the meantime, Tunisians are impatient for socioeconomic conditions to improve – something that will happen only once the new parliament, government and president assume their positions and provide a sense of stability and forward momentum. The gains from elections are real, but tenuous, and Tunisians will need continued international attention and economic support to capitalize on what they have already achieved.
Danya Greenfield is deputy director of the Atlantic Council’s Rafik Hariri Center for the Middle East.

How much would Jim Webbs military service help in a White House runBy Dan Lamothe November 21 Follow @danlamothe
Then-Sen. Jim Webb (D-Va.) attended a rally for President Obama in Virginia Beach in September 2012. Webb said Thursday that he is forming an exploratory committee for a potential White House run. (AP Photo/Steve Helber, File)
Jim Webb, a former U.S. senator, past Navy secretary and Marine war hero, is exploring a run for the White House. The Virginia Democrat made that clear in a YouTube video released Wednesday night , highlighting his past service to the nation and saying that “there is no substitute for clear-eyed leadership.”
Among veterans and service members, Webb’s potential candidacy is sure to draw attention. A two-time Purple Heart recipient, he is widely respected for his valor in Vietnam, for which he earned a Navy Cross and Silver Star in separate fights while leading a platoon of infantry Marines in 1969. In receiving those decorations, which fall just below the Medal of Honor in prestige, Webb’s résumé in combat is on par with any modern-day war hero.
Webb, a Navy secretary under President Ronald Reagan, did not mention the presumed front-runner for the Democratic nomination, Hillary Clinton, or any of the Republicans likely to run. But he said that “with enough financial support to conduct a first-class campaign,” he can put important issues “squarely before the American people and gain their support.”
One of the places he is certain to go to for help is the veterans community. Webb speaks frequently about not only his own service but the sacrifices that others in his family have made in the military. His father was a career Air Force officer, and his son, Jimmy, served in Ramadi, Iraq, as an infantryman. Webb famously campaigned for Senate in 2006 while wearing his son’s combat boots. Webb vocally opposed the Iraq War, which rubbed some veterans and service members wrong, but his passion for those in uniform is not challenged.
As this September profile in The Washington Post pointed out, Webb would likely be running against Clinton from the left on foreign policy while advocating against more U.S. military involvement in places like Syria. But he also is a strong advocate on gun owners’ rights — which resonates with a lot of veterans — and was the primary driver of the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2008 that expanded benefits to recent veterans.
Oh, and he also has a history of pointedly noting other politicians’ lack of experience or knowledge of the military. One example: In a 1997 interview with the conservative American Enterprise Institute’s magazine , Webb said that he “cannot conjure up an ounce of respect for Bill Clinton when it comes to the military.”
“Every time I see him salute a Marine, it infuriates me,” Webb said of the president at the time. “I don’t think Bill Clinton cares one iota about what happens in a military unit.”
Webb also famously squared off with President George W. Bush at the White House in 2006 after Webb declined to stand in a receiving line to greet the president. Bush eventually came over and asked Webb how his son was doing in Iraq. Webb responded that he wanted to bring the troops home and that how his son was doing was “between me and my boy, Mr. President.”
“I’m not particularly interested in having a picture of me and George W. Bush on my wall,” Webb told The Post afterward . “No offense to the institution of the presidency, and I’m certainly looking forward to working with him and his administration. [But] leaders do some symbolic things to try to convey who they are and what the message is.”
Webb and Bush later buried the hatchet , with the senator and his Marine son visiting the president at the White House.
More recently, Webb hammered Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney in 2012 while Webb was campaigning for Obama. Webb zeroed in on Romney not mentioning Vietnam veterans or those who have served in Afghanistan or Iraq in his speech at the Republican National Convention.
“They will not say this, so I will say it for them,” Webb said. “They are owed, if nothing else, at least a mention, some word of thanks and respect, when a presidential candidate who is their generational peer makes a speech accepting his party’s nomination to be commander-in-chief.  And they are owed much more than that — a guarantee that we will never betray the commitment that we made to them and to their loved ones.”
Webb’s fierce support of military tradition may also be one of his biggest political weaknesses, however. His blunt 1979 essay in Washingtonian magazine advocating against women in combat roles was used as fodder by then-Sen. George Allen in his Senate race against Webb in 2006. Women at the Naval Academy at the time said that Webb’s article, in which he said he would never trust a woman to provide combat leadership, led to them getting harassed. Webb apologized for his writing causing “undue hardship” — but he stuck by the points he made.
The issue on which jobs women should have in the military has only grown since the Pentagon’s 2013 decision to rescind a longtime ban on women in combat assignments. Research is ongoing across the services about how to proceed, with military leaders having until 2016 to ask for exemptions to keep certain jobs, like infantryman, closed to women. At the same time, Webb is considering a run for president against someone who would be the first woman to run the White House.
Webb’s son, Jimmy, already has made his view known on the issue. He wrote in a blog post in 2013 that potentially adding women to the infantry “is a hot button issue for me” on a personal level.
“I see this as an attempt to create social progress or make a social statement at the expense of those who put their lives on the line,” the younger Webb wrote . “Pure and simple, it’s nothing short of self promotion… which is ironic given that Infantry units abhor the concept of the individual.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

NT Chris Baker  TE Jordan Reed ruled out for San Francisco; LT Trent Williams questionableBy Liz Clarke November 21 Follow @lizclarketweet
Barry Cofield. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
With nose tackle Chris Baker ruled out of Sunday’s game at San Francisco, Washington will lean on the welcome depth it now has along the defensive line with the recent return of veteran Barry Cofield from groin and ankle injuries.
Coach Jay Gruden said Friday that Cofield, who played limited snaps last week in his first game back since being injured in the season opener, and backups Kedric Goldston and Stephen Bowen would share the reps against San Francisco’s burly offensive line.
“It’s demanding in there,” Gruden said, referring to the heart of the defensive line. “Those guys bump and grind in there all day long. They’ve got to hold up centers, they’ve got to work off double teams, stay in their gaps. And it’s not easy with those big linemen pushing you down and double-teaming you. It’s important to have a good rotation and to make sure the guy is 100 percent healthy and in good shape before you ask him to do a lot of snaps.”
The 6-foot-2, 325-pound Baker is still limited by a wallop he took to the chest, roughly where the sternum meets the clavicle. Baker said the injury makes it extremely difficult to raise his arms and breathe deeply — essentials for getting an explosive burst off the line.
Also ruled out of Sunday’s game is tight end Jordan Reed, who had already missed four games with a hamstring injury. He’s now sidelined by a strain in his other hamstring.
The biggest uncertainty regards Pro Bowl left tackle Trent Williams, who hasn’t been able to practice all week after spraining his right knee and right ankle early in Sunday’s loss to Tampa Bay. But Williams has shown slight improvement in the training room, said Gruden, who has listed him as questionable for Sunday.
“We’ll see how it goes,” Gruden said of Williams, who hasn’t missed a game in more than two years.
If Williams can’t play, rookie Morgan Moses will start. Among the unknowns, Gruden said, is how Williams’ knee will react to the five-hour flight.
Left guard Shawn Lauvao, who is undergoing the NFL’s concussion protocol, participated in a limited amount of practice Friday and is also listed as questionable. Outside linebacker Trent Murphy, who suffered a partially torn knee ligament Sunday, took part in the full practice and is listed as probable.
Liz Clarke currently covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post, she has also covered five Olympic Games, two World Cups and written extensively about college sports, tennis and auto racing.

Reminder: Humanity has made the moon into a garbage pile  wants to keep doing itBy Tim Herrera November 21 Follow @TimHerrera
Apollo 15 astronaut James Irwin salutes while standing beside an American flag planted on the moon in 1971. According to NASA, hundreds of man-made objects have been left on the lunar surface. (AP)
"When I admire the wonders of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in the worship of the creator," Mahatma Gandhi is thought to have said of the wonders in our solar backyard. The moon, an endless point of fascination for human curiosity, is a symbol of our ingenuity, our desire for exploration, and the natural human instinct to turn everything into a pile of hot garbage.
Since America conquered the moon and rendered it our property via eminent domain in 1969, we have turned the moon into a galactic landfill, replete with bags of vomit (yuck), a Lunar Roving Vehicle (the Cadillac of space cars), 100 2-dollar bills (unsure on lunar conversion rates), a Bible (every aliens need faith) and so much more. (See NASA's Trash Catalog here .)
No big deal, right? Totally! According to the BBC , the 1967 Outer Space Treaty that governs the moon ("governs" the moon) doesn't have a "Please pick up after yourself" clause. So littering all over the moon is not only American, but A-okay in the eyes of the law.
So why are we even talking about this? Because a British group called Lunar Mission One has launched a Kickstarter campaign  to
dump more trash on the moon
bury a lovely time-capsule just under the surface of the moon's south pole via unmanned drilling robot. It's part "Armageddon," part "National Treasure," part "Red Planet."
"This is your chance to be part of Lunar Mission One and to reserve your place in space," the group writes on its Kickstarter page. "Your pledge will reserve you a digital memory box that will be buried in the moon during the mission as part of a 21st Century time capsule."
The campaign so far has raised £292,684 (about $458,000) of its £600,000 goal from more than 3,000 backers, and has 26 days left.
Which, okay, fine. More power to 'em, let's confuse the heck out of our descendants 1,000 years from now by dropping like 26 copies of "Hitch" in there.  But just as a reminder, here is a brief, non-comprehensive overview of the garb that this Kickstarter garb will call neighbors if it successfully reaches the moon, according to NASA:
- Bags of urine
- A few of those Space Cadillacs
- Golf balls

Mexicos other illegal immigrant problemBy Adam Taylor November 21 Follow @mradamtaylor
Cancun in 2009. (The Washington Post)
President Obama's decision to defer the deportation of more than 4 million illegal immigrants  will have a significant impact on one nationality in particular: Mexicans, who make up the vast majority of undocumented workers in the United States.
However, while immigration between the two neighbors is often portrayed as a one-way street, in reality the relationship is more nuanced. Not only does the U.S. economy rely on many undocumented workers, Mexico has had its own problems with illegal immigration. Sometimes, they are U.S. citizens.
It's estimated that 1 million or so American citizens live in Mexico , many of them retirees who head south of the border to enjoy the warm weather, great food and lower cost of living. These retirees are generally welcomed (they bring with them economic benefits), and Mexico has a visa for such people — the " Residente Temporal " which targets people who do not work in Mexico and are economically self-sufficient.
Whether out of ignorance or a desire to get around the sometimes complicated nature of Mexican immigration law, however, some U.S. citizens in Mexico do not get documentation or end up overstaying their legally allowed period. It's unclear how many illegal immigrants from the United States reside in Mexico, though it is thought to be significant. "No one really knows how many of them there are in Mexico," Monica Mora, an expert on American migration in Mexico, told the BBC in 2012 . "They are usually people who live for a while in Mexico and then return home. They do not stay indefinitely."
Mexico has occasionally gone out of its way to politely, yet firmly, remind U.S. citizens heading to major retirement areas such as Lake Chapala to get their visas. Following new legislation in 2008 that did away with a maximum 10-year prison sentence for those who could not produce proper documents , the punishments for illegal immigration can be lax. As long as they have not committed a crime, these people are usually not deported, but are required to pay a fine and get legal documentation to stay in Mexico as soon as possible. It is, in effect, an amnesty.
President Obama announced new action to delay the deportation of about 4 million undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. Here are some numbers to know about immigration. (Julie Percha/The Washington Post)
While figures are hard to come by, some argue that U.S. citizens  may make up the vast majority of illegal immigrants in Mexico. A large number of illegal immigrants can also come from Central America. These people are often on their way to the United States, though there are also significant numbers of Guatemalans who travel to work illegally in Mexico.
In the past, many have felt that authorities focused unfairly on Central Americans and ignored illegal U.S. migrants. "The biggest population of foreigners here is Americans, and an important percentage of them live here without documents," Patricia de los Rios, director of the migrant-affairs program at Iberoamerican University in Mexico City,  told AZ Central in 2010. "There, we see racism in reverse, because if you have an American accent and are light-skinned . . . the [police] are not going to treat you the same as if you look Honduran."
Data from the  Mexican Secretariat of the Interior’s  Migration Policy Unit seem to support that. In 2013, Mexico deported 80,079 people, with the vast majority coming from Honduras (32,800), Guatemala (30,005), and El Salvador (14,427). In contrast, just 690 Americans were deported last year. Those numbers may well be more askew in 2014.
And following a  highly publicized and U.S.-prompted crackdown on illegal immigrants  from Central America that saw tens of thousands of people deported this summer, those figures are likely to be even more skewed in 2014.
Correction: This article originally referred to the FM3 Rentiste visa, which was recently discontinued. It has been corrected to remove the reference.
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

FCC chief on net neutrality: The big dogs are going to sue  regardlessBy Brian Fung November 21 Follow @b_fung
(Brian Fung / The Washington Post)
Right now, followers of the net neutrality debate really want to know two things. First, when will the Federal Communications Commission unveil its new rules? And second, how aggressive will they be?
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler is refusing to be tied down on either count. But on Friday, Wheeler hinted that he knows the stakes.
"Look, the big dogs are going to sue, regardless of what comes out," he told reporters, referring to the large Internet service providers who have threatened to challenge any strong rules by the agency in court. "We need to make sure that we have sustainable rules."
The FCC had initially planned a vote next month to limit Internet service providers' ability to slow down or speed up Web sites, and had been working vigorously behind the scenes to build support for a compromise proposal addressing competing concerns from content companies and the telecom industry. Those plans were dashed, however, when President Obama announced he wanted the FCC to move ahead with stronger rules. Now the way forward is less clear, and the agency has kicked the vote into next year. But Wheeler declined to say how long the delay would be.
"I want to move forward on open Internet rules with dispatch," he said. "I also want to have open Internet rules that are sustained. And that's the process we're going through."
The FCC's net neutrality rules have been the subject of extensive litigation. In January, a federal court threw out much of the FCC's original rules, arguing they overstepped the agency's legal authority.
The key takeaway from Friday is Wheeler's signal that a lawsuit is inevitable. He evidently believes there will be no compromising with the broadband providers, and nothing the FCC does will prevent a legal challenge. Does this mean Wheeler is growing less convinced of his middle-ground strategy?
Some analysts have argued that Obama's statement on net neutrality  "boxed in" Wheeler, creating momentum for strong regulations. Wheeler's statements could be consistent with that theory. But the FCC has always been concerned with making its net neutrality rules bulletproof (otherwise, what's the point?). And in that light, it doesn't really matter what the Internet providers do, lawsuit or no.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

Issa calls on Gruber and health official to explain Obamacare deceptionsBy Josh Hicks November 21 Follow @reporter_hicks
Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, wants a top Obama administration health official and one of the brains behind the Affordable Care Act to testify about alleged ‘deceptions’ with the law.
Issa on Thursday sent letters to Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Administrator Marilyn Tavenner and MIT economist Jonathan Gruber asking them to testify at a hearing on Dec. 9.
Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) has called Jonathan Gruber, pictured here, to testify about Obamacare. (AP/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
The requests came shortly after Republicans on the committee revealed that the administration had inflated the Obamacare enrollment statistics  by including as many as 400,000 stand-alone dental plans in the official count — veering from the usual practice.
The letters also followed recent turmoil over years-old comments from Gruber, a key adviser  during the drafting of the law, who said at a recorded event that the law’s architects used “tortured language” to keep parts of the measure from being scored as tax increases and added that “lack of transparency is a huge political advantage.”
Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell on Thursday acknowledged an error with the enrollment numbers, saying that CMS, which falls under her department, made a “mistake” that is “unacceptable.” Gruber recently said that he regrets his comments , as Democrats and the White House tried to  distance themselves from him.
None of those actions have sufficed for Issa, who says he still wants answers.
“From the outset, the health law has been the poster child for this administration’s broken transparency promises,” he said in a statement on Friday. “I expect Mr. Gruber and Administrator Tavenner to testify publicly next month about the arrogance and deceptions surrounding the passage and implementation of Obamacare.”
Attempts to reach Gruber at his MIT office on Friday were unsuccessful. CMS said in a statement that the agency plans to work with the committee on this request, noting that Issa asked for a response by Monday.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Post three-nation tour  PM talks black money  positive ties inblogPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:41 am
Back from his three-nation visit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said that the menace of black money has the potential to destabilise world peace and harmony and that India had placed the issue of existence and repatriation of black money at the forefront of the world community in the recently held G20 summit.
“I am glad that the world community took note of this because this is an issue that does not selectively affect one nation. The menace of black money has the potential to destabilise world peace and harmony,” the PM wrote in his blog.
“Black money also brings with it terrorism, money laundering and narcotics trade. As democracies firmly committed to the rule of law, it becomes our obligation to collectively fight this evil and there was no better occasion than the G20 to raise this. Our efforts paid off with the official communiqué reflecting this issue,” Modi added.
Stating that he met 38 world leaders in five summits and had as many as 20 full bilateral meetings during this three-nation tour, Modi said that he had the opportunity to meet leaders from every part of the world. “These meetings were frank, comprehensive and fruitful. We covered substantial ground on several issues. I met a wide range of business leaders as well.”
“During these bilateral meetings, I noticed one thing — that the world is looking at India with renewed respect and immense enthusiasm! I see a global community that is tremendously keen to engage with India,” he added.
“Numerous leaders I met were very optimistic about our ‘Make in India’ initiative and are keen to come to India and be a part of the extensive and diverse opportunities India has to offer. I see this as a positive sign, one that will bring several opportunities to India’s youth and give them the right exposure that will make them shine,” Modi said, adding that several world leaders also showed keenness plans to create ‘Next Gen Infrastructure’ and smart cities.

Kharge allotted Leader of OppnseatPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:40 am
The status of the Leader of Opposition might have eluded him, but Congress floor leader Mallikarjun Kharge has been allotted the seat normally earmarked for the LoP in the Lok Sabha. The Congress has only 44 members in the House, 11 short of the requisite 10 per cent of its total strength of 543.
The seat allocation, due for long, has been put in place just ahead of the Winter Session, which will commence from Monday.
Incidentally, Kharge used to occupy the same seat, next to the slot meant for deputy speaker M Thambidurai, during the Budget Session of Parliament. The others from the Opposition who have been given front seats are Congress president Sonia Gandhi, former prime minister H D Deve Gowda and Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav.
The House has an old convention of seating former prime ministers in the front row. Chandra Shekhar, as also Deve Gowda, had been extended the same courtesy in the past. Even though the Janata Parivar is yet to firm itself up as a composite entity in the two Houses, Mulayam is likely to head the proposed outfit.
Bhartruhari Mahtab of the Biju Janata Dal, Sudip Bandhopadhyay of the Trinamool Congress and P Venugopal of the AIADMK have also been given front seats.
Since the Congress tally entitles it to just two front-row seats, party vice-president Rahul Gandhi will sit in the second row. So would former Union minister Kamal Nath of the Congress and Congress deputy leader Captain Amarinder Singh. Those who have been allocated seats in the second row include PDP leader Mehbooba Mufti and NCP’s Tariq Anwar.
As for the treasury benches, the seating has been patterned on the pecking order in the ministry. Accordingly, Home Minister Rajnath Singh has been given the front seat next to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj comes thereafter. The system gets a break with veteran leader L K Advani being seated next. Keeping the adjacent seat vacant,  Surface Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari has been allotted the next seat. The others who have been given front seats are Law Minister Sadanand Gowda, former BJP president Murli Manohar Joshi, senior ministers Ananth Kumar, Anant Geete (Shiv Sena), Ashok Gajpati Raju (Telugu Desam) and Ram Vilas Paswan (LJP).
Their clout gone, Left parties have been pushed back. Mohammad Salim of CPI(M) is in the third row, as is Kaushlendra Kumar of the JD(U).

Sensex soars to new high on reformhopesPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:37 am
Stock markets on Friday vaulted to a record high with the benchmark Sensex posting a 267-points gain amid speculation the government will accelerate reforms to bolster economic growth.
Banking stocks led the rally on hopes of more mergers and acquisitions after Kotak Mahindra and ING Vysya announced India’s biggest banking merger. ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, State Bank of India and Axis Bank together contributed almost 150 points to the Sensex surge. Kotak Mahindra Bank scrip gained 3.7 per cent while ING Vysya Bank closed almost flat.
The BSE Sensex resumed better and touched a life-time intra-day high of 28,360.66 before settling at new peak of 28,334.63 — a rise of 267.07 points or 0.95 per cent. This was its best daily gain since 519.50 points on October 31. It was up by 34.71 points or 0.12 per cent on Thursday. The NSE Nifty too jumped 75.45 points to close at a fresh peak of 8,477.35 amid positive global cues after US shares provided another record-breaking lead on Thursday on the back of encouraging economic data.
“Market expectations are very high on the winter session which starts from Monday. The government is likely to get key legislations passed including GST and the Insurance Bill,” said Vinod Nair, head of research, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial.
R strengthens 18 paise to 61.76 vs dollar
Mumbai: Rising for the second day, the rupee on Friday strengthened 18 paise to end at 61.76 against the greenback on suspected selling of the US dollar by state-run banks on behalf of the RBI and a strong rally in local stocks.
The rupee began higher at 61.93 a dollar from the previous close of 61.94. It touched the day’s low of 61.94 on rise in dollar value overseas amid fresh capital outflows. (With PTI inputs)

Delhi Confidential: Unfurling newplansPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:32 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 1:56 am
Amid a controversy over replacing German with Sanskrit as the third language in schools under its purview, the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) has taken yet another decision — of adopting a unique flag for the schools and introducing a separate clause in its education code on its design. The decision was taken during the board meeting on October 27, when the decision to drop German was also taken. Claiming that a flag “gives a distinct identity to an organisation”, a circular says it will be “mandatory for all Kendriya Vidyalayas to display KVS flag in all KVS buildings” and hoist it on special occasions. The sample flag will be provided soon.
Ministry matters
As per the usual practice in the HRD Ministry, if there are two Ministers of State, one is given the charge of school education and the other of higher education. But that is not the case with Upendra Kushwaha and Ram Shankar Katheria, who were recently appointed Ministers of State in the ministry. While Kushwaha appears to be in a better position, having been given charge of adult education and national foundation of teacher welfare, Katheria has only been assigned minority education, Northeastern region schemes and SC/ST/OBC/PWD welfare. Moreover, in most ministries, the MoS is asked to deal with unstarred questions in Parliament, leaving starred ones for the cabinet minister. But as per an order, Kushwaha and Katheria can reply to unstarred questions only “with due approval” from HRD Minister Smriti Irani.
Attendance issues
Aware that their absence from the party’s grand event to mark the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru earlier this week has been noticed, a few Congress leaders who did not show up have been whispering that they did not get invitations for the event. But the Congress party has firmly rebutted such claims. The Congress Friday asserted that invitations had been sent to all categories of party leaders —  Congress Working Committee members, former UPA ministers, MPs and office-bearers. To rub it in, the party added that everyone gets wedding invitations, but they don’t go everywhere.
Traffic tactics
Having encountered unmanageable traffic jams during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Kathmandu in August, the Nepal government has devised a unique strategy to deal with traffic during the SAARC summit next week, which will see eight heads of state in the city. The government has said to regulate vehicular movement from November 24-28, it will allow vehicles with odd and even number plates on roads on alternate days. It has also declared public holidays on November 26 and 27.

Extra hands to cut delay in castecertificatesPrint
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:30 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 1:31 am
The state government has decided to depute 36 additional collectors, one in each district, to expedite the process of issuing caste validity certificates.
The document is particularly important for people belonging to the scheduled castes and tribes or other backward communities for avail of the reservation facilities provided for them.
At present, there are eight caste certificate verification committees functional in the state. Caste validity certificates are supposed to be issued within a month of the date of application, but delays at times extend to over six months.
Currently, over a lakh such applications are pending across the state.
“The addition of the new 36 additional collectors who have been asked to look into this issue will help clear the backlog in the state and will also ensure that future applications are processed quickly,” Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said.

Future Group acquires Nilgiris for Rs 300croreKishore Biyani
By: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:30 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 9:50 am
Future Consumer Enterprises (FCEL), the food and FMCG (fast-moving consumer goods) arm of the Kishore Biyani-led Future Group, has acquired Nilgiris, which runs a chain of convenience stores in South India, the company said in a statement on Thursday.
The Future Group acquired a 98 per cent stake in Nilgiris from private equity firm Actis, which had invested in the company in 2006 and held the majority stake; and the Mudaliar family, the original promoters of the chain who held a minority stake. The deal was fully settled in cash.
Though the Future Group didn’t disclose the consideration that it had paid for Nilgiris, a person familiar with the development said that the deal was valued at around Rs 300 crore. Actis had been looking to exit its investment in Nilgiris for the last two years.
Bangalore-based Nilgiris is an iconic brand that enjoys wide household recall in the southern states of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala. The brand that was established in 1905 also has its own products portfolio comprising dairy products, baked goods, chocolates and staples. The acquisition will boost FCEL’s revenues exponentially as the Future Group firm’s own revenues were at Rs 343 crore for FY14. The company reported a net profit of Rs 30.41 crore for the same fiscal.
“This acquisition by FCEL will lead to geographical expansion of the convenience store network in Southern India, as currently FCEL’s existing footprint is primarily concentrated in North and West India,” the company said in its statement.

After ONGC case fallout  OilMin tells PSUs not to drag govt tocourtPrint
Written by Amitav Ranjan | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:25 am
The petroleum ministry plans to issue an order to all its public sector undertakings not to file court cases against the government following a writ petition last May by Oil & Natural Gas Corporation charging the ministry of “acts of omission and commission” in an alleged theft of ONGC’s natural gas by Reliance Industries Ltd.
“Suitable instructions may be issued to Central PSUs under this ministry, so that such an eventuality viz CPSUs under the ministry having to file a court case against the ministry (itself alleging non-performance) may not arise in future…,” additional secretary Rajive Kumar proposed last month. The step was later approved by petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan.
Kumar’s recommendation followed a ministerial enquiry into whether ONGC had consulted the ministry before filing the writ petition against its largest stakeholder the Union of India and upstream regulator Directorate General of Hydrocarbons.
The ministry’s probe showed that the then joint secretary (exploration) Armane Giridhar “was aware about the decision to file the writ, though he may not have been fully aware about its fallout viz the government being made the first respondent”.
Armane, who was also a member of ONGC board which took the decision on April 24, 2014, had suggested that “only referring the matter to the Government of India may not be of much use as GoI would be seen as interested party and a conflict of interest could arise”.
ONGC subsequently filed the petition in Delhi High Court alleging theft of 18 billion cubic meters of natural gas since 2009 by RIL from adjacent ONGC blocks in Krishna Godavari Basin.
It claimed theft occurred due to lack of vigilance of the DGH and the ministry and their failure to take precautionary steps. It also accused the ministry and RIL for not adhering to the globally-accepted joint development mechanism that is provided in the production sharing contract signed between the government and RIL for Block KG-DWN-98/3.
Calling it “signs of systemic failure”, then petroleum minister M Veerappa Moily ordered an enquiry and to “fix accountability either within the ministry, DGH or ONGC for mishandling the matter and allowing it to escalate to this level”.
“It will be absolutely necessary to examine at what level this decision (to file writ petition) was taken in the ONGC and why ONGC did not feel it appropriate to give an advance intimation / notice to the ministry before taking such a drastic step,” Moily had directed.
Sidestepping the issue, Kumar wrote on October 3: “At this stage, when the matter is before the court and the opinion of the technical expert (to establish the continuity of reservoirs) relating to ONGC’s claim is still not known, we may in this particular case await the outcome of their finding.”

Draghi throws ECB door open to moneyprintingDraghi’s comments received a warm reception from Italian finance minister Pier Carlo Padoan. (Source: Reuters photo)
By: Reuters | Frankfurt | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:20 am
European Central Bank President Mario Draghi threw the door wide open on Friday for more drastic measures to prevent the euro zone from sliding into deflation, promising to use whatever means necessary.
With many fearing the euro zone could be heading for a Japanese-style lost decade of deflation and recession, Draghi’s remarks were reminiscent of when he pulled the bloc back from possible disintegration in 2012 by promising to do “whatever it takes” to back the common currency.
Painting a bleak picture of the state of the 18 countries in the euro bloc, Draghi stressed that “excessively low” inflation had to be raised quickly. In a blunt message, he said there was now no sign of improvement in the months ahead and the ECB would pump more money into the euro bloc if its current measures fell short.
“We will do what we must to raise inflation and inflation expectations as fast as possible,” he told bankers in Frankfurt. “If … our policy is not effective enough to achieve this, or further risks to the inflation outlook materialise, we would step up the pressure and broaden even more the channels through which we intervene, by altering accordingly the size, pace and composition of our purchases,” he said.
Annual euro zone inflation was 0.4 per cent in October, far short of the ECB’s medium-term target of just below 2 per cent. Draghi’s comments, which many read as inching very close to  possible buying of government bonds, received a warm reception from Italian finance minister Pier Carlo Padoan, who said ECB action was welcome to revive economic growth in the euro zone.
The ECB said on Friday it had started buying asset-backed securities. Along with purchases of covered bonds, a secure form of debt often backed by property, it is trying to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
Draghi said earlier this week that if the current measures were not enough the ECB could widen its purchases. Economists expect bold ECB action. “Draghi all but announced that the
central bank will step up monetary easing soon. Mr Maybe has become Mr Definitely,” said Nick Kounis of ABN Amro.

How Americas immigrants came to be huddled masses yearning to breathe freeBy Philip Bump November 21 Follow @pbump
The immigration debate, like so many parts of American politics, is built in part on a lattice of symbols. It doesn't take much imagination to move from from images of people scaling corrugated fences or fording the Rio Grande to desaturated photos of immigrants in long lines in the tiled halls at Ellis Island. And if Ellis Island is the line art illustration depicting "immigration" in every elementary school textbook, Emma Lazarus' poem about the Statue of Liberty is the boldly colored pullquote.
"Give me your huddled masses" is a shorthand that serves for immigration reform advocates as a tricorner hat does for the Tea Party: A reminder that America's past held principles from which we've moved away. A search for "huddled masses" over the past 24 hours on Twitter shows that it was a popular response to President Obama's moves to shift how federal law enforcement deals with those who entered the country illegally. "Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free," read one tweet from Mike Bird, "as long as Congress approves."
The quote is often described as an inscription on the base of the Statue of Liberty. That's not exactly accurate. The full poem, which has essentially become the de facto meaning of the statue itself, is more powerful than the snippet we've got memorized.
The Statue of Liberty's actual title is "The Statue of Liberty Enlightening the World ." Designed by sculptor Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi, its meaning was as straightforward as its title. Liberty is striding forward , broken shackles at her feet, bringing the light of liberty to the globe.
In its article about the unveiling of the statue in 1886, the Post didn't mention Lazarus' poem, "The New Colossus." It doesn't mention Ellis Island or immigration at all, in fact -- because Ellis Island wasn't yet an immigration center . The statue was, as schoolkids learn, a symbol of friendship between the United States and France, with fundraising for it focused on the centennial of the birth of our nation.
Fundraising was key. In 1876, Liberty's arm and torch were placed in Madison Square in New York, in an effort to boost fundraising efforts for the statue's construction and -- as important -- its base.
From Madison Square Park .
Fundraising was also the motivation for Lazarus' poem. As the New York Times reported in 1883, "The New Colossus" was read at an opening of art exhibits to help the Bartholdi Fund, which was used to defray costs of building the statue. The poem gets one sentence in the Times' story, after F. Hopkinson Smith, the director of the fund, thanked the ladies of the committees that acquired the exhibits and before he introduced the general chairman of fundraising.
This is Lazarus' sonnet, contrasting the Statue of Liberty -- as yet unbuilt in America! -- with the Colossus of Rhodes.
Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame,
With conquering limbs astride from land to land;
Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand
A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame
Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name
Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand
Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command
The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame.
"Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!" cries she
With silent lips. "Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"
Mother of exiles. Give me your tired, your poor, those yearning to breathe free.
But in 1886, when the statue was opened to the public, that poem wasn't on its base. New York was a center of immigration, but that's not what the statue was about, not yet, just as Ellis Island wasn't yet the hub of immigration that it would become.
It wasn't until 1903 that the link between Lazarus' words and the statue and Ellis Island and immigration was made physically. That year, a bronze plaque inscribed with "The New Colossus" was affixed to the statue's base.
Lazarus was not alive for that event. She died of cancer in 1887, only a little over a year after the statue was unveiled. Nor was the poem included in a collection of her work that was published in 1926 because, as Robert Pinsky wrote for the Post in 2005, her sister forbade it, given that "so much of Lazarus's material was Jewish."
Another century on, Lazarus' words are among the first that come to mind when discussing America's history of immigration; they are used as a short-hand for the meaning of the statue itself. Lazarus, of course, was the descendant of immigrants herself, arrivals from Portugal who settled in a New York that was the entry point to the United States for millions of others.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

Could Washington D.C. or Baltimore get Chesapeake Bay effect snowBy Jason Samenow November 21 Follow @capitalweather
Radar and satellite grab of “Bay effect” snow in southeast, Va. on January 24, 2013 (Brad Panovich)
When frigid air streamed over the relatively warm waters of Lake Erie this week, a “lake effect” snow event for the ages unfolded in the Buffalo area , with up to 88 inches of snow.
This historic event has raised the question whether the Washington, D.C. and Baltimore region could get snow from cold air passing over the Chesapeake Bay.  The answer is no, but “Bay effect” snow can and does sometimes occur in southeast Virginia.  The reason is simple geography.
In order for snow to form over a body of water, a cold wind must pass over the water for a sufficiently long distance to allow clouds to form and snow-making (i.e. condensation) processes to initiate.  This distance over which the wind blows on the water is known as fetch.  In other words, you need a lengthy fetch for lake effect or Bay effect snow to get going.
Lake Erie,  Lake Ontario and Lake Superior – oriented west to east – provide an extended fetch when winds blow from the west. The fetch sets up places like Buffalo, Watertown, and Marquette to get hammered by snow bands that develop over the lakes.  Westerly winds are very common over the Great Lakes in the cold season, so locations downwind can get walloped repeatedly, at least until the lakes freeze.
Satellite image showing lake effect snow streaking over the Great Lakes on November 18, 2014 (NOAA)
But the Chesapeake Bay is oriented from north to south, often perpendicular to the prevailing westerly wind direction.  For Bay effect snow, the wind has to blow parallel to the body of water’s orientation and over a long distance.  Even when the wind blows from a favorable northerly direction,  there is not enough fetch for snow bands to form and affect Washington, D.C. and Baltimore, which lie adjacent to the north part of the Bay. (The Bay is also very narrow in its northern reaches, providing minimal area for snow bands to develop).
A Bay effect snow band on radar from 1999 (Jesse Ferrell, AccuWeather)
But in southeast Virginia, where there’s more water for the wind to pass over, Bay effect snow can and does occur under very specific conditions.
“Surface winds must be between 340 degrees and 010 degrees,” writes the National Weather Service office in Wakefield, Va. , which serves southeast Va. “360 degrees is optimal. The direction of wind is oriented along the length of the Bay to provide the maximum over water trajectory conducive to the development of “Bay effect” snow bands.”
Below is a radar and satellite animiation of Bay effect snow bands that formed last winter, on January 24:
 
Typically, the Bay Effect snow events only produce light amounts of snow because the Bay is narrow, providing limited real estate for bands to grow and then dump snow.
But couldn’t the D.C. and Baltimore areas get “Bay effect” snow if there was a strong wind from the south moving up the Bay?
No. When the Mid-Atlantic has strong winds from the south, air temperatures are almost always above freezing – so snow is a non-starter. Furthermore, the air temperature must be substantially colder than the water temperature for either lake or Bay effect snow to develop.
Perhaps you never knew southeast Virginia occasionally gets Bay effect snow. Some other surprising places prone to occasional bouts of lake or Bay effect snow include the Great Salt Lake in Utah, and Cape Cod Bay in Massachusetts.
Jason is currently the Washington Post’s weather editor. A native Washingtonian, Jason has been a weather enthusiast since age 10.

Mess Hall pops up with a holiday market at Union MarketBy Becky Krystal November 21 Follow @BeckyKrystal
You may still be recovering from the foodie crush of last weekend's Emporiyum (or at least we are), but don't let artisanal market fatigue set in just yet. Mess Hall , the new culinary incubator and commercial kitchen in Brookland, is popping up this weekend at Union Market, just in time for some pre-Thanksgiving holiday shopping.
The market will run from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, and 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. Wednesday, according to Mess Hall founder Al Goldberg. If you need even more time for holiday purchases, Union Market, normally closed on Mondays, will be open this coming Monday from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. (not all vendors will participate, and hours will vary).
• D.C.-area Christmas bazaars offer a world tour of holiday cheer
Goldberg says the Mess Hall market is designed to provide shoppers with a variety of host or hostess gifts for the upcoming holiday. But he adds that the underlying goal is connecting "fledgling companies" with customers. Some of the vendors will be making their first retail appearances, while a few others have a limited local presence so far.
While this particular event came together only in the last few days, Goldberg anticipates doing more such markets in the future.
"This is the first time Mess Hall has done anything like this," he says. "It’s as true as the term 'pop-up' can be."
Coming to the already bustling Union Market this weekend: Vendors from Mess Hall, the new culinary incubator in Brookland. (Kate Patterson for The Washington Post)
The vendors:
Buttercream Bakeshop , the new solo venture from former Neighborhood Restaurant Group executive pastry chef Tiffany MacIsaac. Expect mocha hot cocoa mix, marshmallows, buckeyes, hazelnut-cherry crunch bark and macaron gift packs.
Cajun Meets Asian , a fusion producer selling pralines and spiced nuts.
Fruitcycle , offering apple chips made from fruit gleaned from a local orchard.
Goldilocks Goodies , a gluten-free bakery offering peanut butter chocolate chip cookies and cranberry pecan quick bread mixes.

Mix the News: Solanges wedding playlistBy Helena Andrews November 21 Follow @helena_andrews
Solange attends the 2014 CFDA fashion awards at Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center on June 2, 2014 in New York City. (Photo by Mike Coppola/Getty Images)
Our first thought was to [insert joke here] about how our invitation to Solange Knowles’s epic wedding in New Orleans must have gotten lost in the mail. But come on, who are we kidding? If said magical invite somehow miraculously made its way to our mere mortal mailbox, the thing would have exploded, unable to contain the awesomeness waiting inside. So, thank you, Solange, for thinking of the rest of us. Instead of second-lining with the famous second sister, we’ll just have to make do with this wedding playlist from D.C.’s eclectic all-female DJ crew, Anthology of Booty.
1. “Sexual Healing” — The Hot 8 Brass Band
“We can only imagine the gems that played in the epic NOLA brass street party,” said DJ La rAt. “But this version of ‘Sexual Healing,’ an Anthology of Booty favorite, celebrates some of the best ways that wedding energy can be contagious.”
2. “Let Them Talk” – Spoek Mathambo
“Solange’s love affair with South African music and fashion sub-cultures would have been part of her special day,” explained DJ Mothershiester, who chose what she called “an amazing electronic music producer and dj Spoek Mathambo’s party jam.”
3. “When I Think of You” — Janet Jackson
DJ Mothershiester sets the scene for her “dream Solange wedding moment”: “Imagine the lights go out. There is a spotlight on the dance floor. And on that floor Solange is mouthing the words of this Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis produced classic to her boo while sashaying towards him.”
4. “I Just Want To Make Love To You” — Etta James
“This epic Etta track would be just the icing on the cake to Solange’s wedding soundtrack,” said DJ Inda Nile.
5. “Bankhead” — Kelela + Kingdom
“Kelela, a DMV-native and an amiga of AoB, has been collaborating with Solange for a while now,” explained DJ la rAt. “She actually performed live at the nuptials, and surely is on Solange’s iPod! Perhaps this sweet and sexy fall-in-love track was the song that sparked this amazing artist collaboration into reality?!”
6. “Las Brujas” —  Gracie Chavez & Squincy Jones
“Surely Houston was repped on the dance floor, and I imagine Solange bringing in some Latin flavor. This track remixes classic cumbia sounds with shakeable dance floor and is a late night banger for sure,” said la rAt.
7. “Yall Get Back Now” — Big Freedia
“Due to our obsession with Instagram, we know that Solange and Beyonce had a sister date at a Big Freedia concert in early January. There is no way that the hypnotic beats and lyrical genius that make up New Orleans bounce music did not end up on her wedding playlist,” explained the crew.
8. “Q.U.E.E.N. — Janelle Monae feat. Erykah Badu
“In my mind, Solange, Monae, Badu and Kelela are all BFFs. They brunch regularly, while listening and critiquing each other’s music, to spill the tea and trade stories of encounters with those of the ‘basic’ persuasion because they are everything but,” said DJ Natty Boom.
9. “Heatwave” – Martha and the Vandellas remix by Cee-Roo
“A perfect ‘marriage’ of Solange’s love of Motown girl groups and her own dancy, electronic, nu-soul style,” said DJ Inda Nile.
10. “Take Off Your Cool” – Outkast feat. Norah Jones
“Gotta get some southern style ATL Outkast love jamz up in the wedding house,” said DJ Inda Nile. “Solange was scheduled to perform at Outkast’s ATLast fest this past September and bailed ’cause of a root canal, but I bet she made it up to them by playing this as her wedding song.”
Helena Andrews is the co-author of The Reliable Source. Follow her on Twitter @helena_andrews, and send your hot tips, sightings, and gossip to reliablesource@washpost.com.

Obama is India s guest on R-Day  Modi says friend comingObama is India s guest on R-Day  Modi says friend coming
Video streaming service Aereo files for bankruptcyVideo streaming service Aereo files for bankruptcy
This is fundamentally very good stock  defenetly stock will move like ...Silver Member
0 Follower
This is fundamentally very good stock, defenetly stock will move like ,any thing.....i agree it takes some time, after results every one sitting on this stock, my view mutual funds waiting for quality stocks time like crompton and Jyothi labs. kindly wait for 2 months atleast we can see boost in this stock at any time. We know this stock highly volumed stock, but these days we dnt see any volume, who are sittting with cash in this stock will not dissapoint. one thing market gives profit only those who have patience, if you buy this stock u r in right place.with in 2 months it will defenetly reach 330/-

Anli has no financial energy to show his desires. he will be declared ...Replies (1)
Guest
If reliance infra,reliance capital and r power will go 20% down in future I will sell my house and will invest in all ADAG stocks.
In reply to : vimal9mehta message
7.59 AM Nov 22nd

This is a operator game you see the blast its just accumulation is goi...Gold Member
7 Followers
this is a operator game you see the blast its just accumulation is going on volume is adding he wants you get traped in shorting huge covering on the cards all are now recommend for target 1700 in nov
2.02 AM Nov 22nd  | Track

Ang industries will rock :-)Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

White men cant jump or trade efficientlyBreaking the white male grip on markets
John Authers
If a market is dominated by any ethnicity, it tends to make worse decisions
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/720ca0f4-70ea-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoE opens probe into own staffBank of England to probe whether staff helped rig money auctions
Caroline Binham and Patrick Jenkins in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4709a00e-71a4-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Money-smart kids: money advice for twentysomethings0
But young adults say they aren't always getting the help they need. On average, two-thirds of millennials in TD Bank's Financial Education Survey said they wish they had been better prepared for the financial implications of major life events.
In Fidelity Investments' Millennial Money Study, 39 percent of those responding said they worry about their financial future at least once a week. Women tend to be less confident than their male counterparts; 19 percent of Generation Y men said they never worry about their financial security, whereas only 2 percent of Gen Y women said the same.
When young adults need financial help, surveys show that they're most likely to turn to family and friends. Asked in the Fidelity study who they trust most for information about money matters, 33 percent cited their parents -- the top choice. Further, 59 percent consider their parents to be good financial role models, and 76 percent said they don't have any difficulty starting conversations with parents about saving and investing for the future.
Nevertheless, nearly half admitted they don't receive financial advice from their parents.
Seems to me what we have here is a failure to communicate -- and possibly a crisis of confidence among parents who feel ill-prepared to offer financial counsel. But as Peter's question indicates, the advice kids crave is often straightforward, and the answers are easy to come by.
For starters, I'd suggest Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine and Kiplinger.com as trustworthy sources (see our regular "Starting Out" column and our special guide for new grads and young professionals on Kiplinger.com). If you feel you need in-depth financial or investment advice from an outside source, see "Best of the Online Investment Advisers" (kiplinger.com/slideshow/investing/T023-S002-best-of-the-online-investment-advisers-2014/index.html) or "Financial Planners for Young Clients" (kiplinger.com/article/investing/T023-C000-S002-financial-planners-for-young-clients.html).
And for a complete package that covers everything from credit to retirement, see Kiplinger's Starting Out Guide to Your Money ($2.99 at store.kiplinger.com). Peter asked for a copy of that, too.
Next week: How not to help your adult kids.
(Janet Bodnar is editor of Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Nothing Says  Let s Go Surfing  Like A Blizzard On Lake Eriereddit
When you gotta catch a wave, you gotta catch a wave.
Hailed as "glorious lunatics" by one Vimeo viewer, hardy souls Kevin Cullen and Christian Edie surfed the swells of Lake Erie Tuesday as Western New York was pounded by a blizzard. By Wednesday six feet of snow had fallen in Buffalo, with more to come, reports note.
It was 26 degrees with winds whipping up to 35 miles an hour when the two hit the water, Cullen said in the clip. Not exactly the North Shore of Oahu, but they made do.
More:

Modified DBTL scheme to be launched in 54 districts from tomorrowModified DBTL scheme to be launched in 54 districts from tomorrow
Our Bureau
The rest of the country will be covered under direct benefit transfer of LPG from January 1, 2015
New Delhi, Nov. 14:  
A modified Direct Benefit Transfer of LPG (DBTL) will be launched for 54 districts from November 15 and the rest of the country by January 1, 2015.
As part of the changes, consumers are not mandatorily required to have an Aadhaar number but having a bank account is a requirement. After November 15, consumers of 54 districts will be given a three month grace period where they will continue to receive the cylinders at a market rate, but after the end of the three months they will have to get a bank account and join the scheme within three months or the ‘Parking Period’.
“During the ‘Parking Period’ they will have to buy cylinders at market rate. If the consumer joins the scheme within the ‘Parking Period’ the subsidy as per entitlement and consumption during the ‘Parking Period’ will be transferred to his/her bank account,” an official statement said.
People who join the scheme will also be given a ‘permanent advance’ where in they will get an advance subsidy as soon as they make the first booking of the cylinder. The advance will be given directly in the bank account and will be given prior to the delivery.
“This advance ensures that LPG customers have extra cash to pay for their first LPG cylinder at a market price. The permanent advance shall be notified for the consumers now joining the scheme separately,” an official statement said.
In the first phase, the scheme will cover 54 districts in 11 states with 2.33 crore households.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Main parties to blame for Ukip agoniesMain parties to blame for their agonies over Ukip
By Janan Ganesh
Rochester election result highlights the culture wars dividing UK
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83aac20a-7149-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UP cop sets rape victim s husband on fireEYE BROWSE
UP cop sets rape victim's husband on fire for refusing to drop case
The woman, who was gang-raped by five people, said the police officer had demanded that she withdraw the case against the rapists.
Mail Today –  Fri 21 Nov, 2014
Print
LUCKNOW: In a gruesome incident a police officer in Baghpat on Wednesday allegedly tried to torch the husband of a gang rape victim.
The woman, who was gang-raped by five people on Monday, said the police officer had demanded that she withdraw the case against the rapists.
However, when the demand was rejected, her husband was attacked. He has suffered 50 per cent burn injuries.
The police have denied the allegations. The incident occurred at the victim’s residence in Baraut tehsil, Baghpat.
The woman alleged: “Sub-inspector Feroz Akhtar was mounting pressure on me and my husband to accept some money from the rapists and stop pursuing the case. "
"He was also demanding that we stop meeting senior police officers to seek immediate arrest of the rapists,” she alleged.
“My statement was already recorded in the case, but Akhtar came to my house on Wednesday, claiming he needed to record my statement again.
"There was a woman constable with him too. We got suspicious when we saw some of the rapists standing across the road.
"The officer suggested that my husband write on a paper that no such incident of rape had taken place. But when my husband refused, Feroz got furious and picked up a canister of kerosene, which was kept in a corner, poured it over him and tried to burn him alive,” she alleged.
“Then they ran away. Unknown people took my husband to a nearby community health centre.
"From there, he was taken to the Meerut Medical College. My husband is battling death but the police is still asking me to withdraw the case,” she said.
“Whenever I request them to give me a copy of my recorded statement, they use foul language against me and threaten with dire consequences,” she alleged.
The woman on Tuesday met Baghpat District Magistrate K. Dhanalaxmi and submitted an application narrating her ordeal.
She also alleged that even though the case was handed over to circle officer of the area C.P. Singh, Akhtar was taking interest in it because the accused persons had greased his palm.
However, Baghpat Police Superintendent Jitendra Kumar Shahi refuted the charges.
“We have come to know that he sprinkled kerosene on himself and tried to commit suicide. The police has registered a case against him,” Shahi said, adding that the police had even registered cases against the five rape accused soon after receiving the complaint.
They have also arrested Kapil Kumar, the woman’s brother-in-law, who is one of the accused.
Reliving Baghpat’s Mayatyagi Case
It seem the UP police have forgotten Baghpat’s Maya Tyagi case in which the Bulandshahr district court had awarded capital punishment to six policemen and life term to four in 1988.
These policemen, in July 1980, had appalled the nation when they shot dead three men — Ishwar Singh Tyagi, Surendra Singh and Rajendra Gaur— near the Bhagpat police station and then made Tyagi’s five-month pregnant wife, Maya, parade naked in a market, besides brutally assaulting her.
Maya was “punished” because she dared to question the killing of her husband. Social groups had dubbed the horrific incident as an “evidence of constant Emergency” and the case shook the then Indira Gandhi government.
The judge had said, “It reminds me of the primitive days of ‘police raj’ where people were at the mercy of the despot.” The judge had observed that eliminating the “hungry wolves” was a must for the survival of the society.
Recommend

Obama s immigration tweaks leave Big Tech wanting moreObama's immigration tweaks leave Big Tech wanting more
President Obama
Personal Data Collection Barack Obama AFL-CIO
President Barack Obama plans to make life a little easier for some foreign tech workers, but Silicon Valley representatives are disappointed his immigration rule changes will not satisfy longstanding demands for more visas and faster green cards.
In a speech on Thursday, Obama outlined plans to use executive authority to help millions of undocumented people. He also announced minor adjustments to cut red tape for visa holders and their families, including letting spouses of certain H-1B visa holders get work permits.
Father and son
Reuters
Christian Ramirez holds his nine-month old son Diego while watching President Barack Obama's White House speech on immigration at a viewing party in San Diego.
Christian Ramirez holds his nine-month old son Diego while watching President Barack Obama's White House speech on immigration at a viewing party in San Diego. (Reuters)
"I will make it easier and faster for high-skilled immigrants, graduates and entrepreneurs to stay and contribute to our economy, as so many business leaders have proposed," Obama said.
The president's moves will make it easier for entrepreneurs to work in the United States and extend a program letting foreign students who graduate with advanced degrees from U.S. universities to work temporarily in the United States.
But tech industry insiders said the changes, while positive, were limited.
"This holiday season, the undocumented advocacy community got the equivalent of a new car, and the business community got a wine and cheese basket," complained one lobbyist, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Instead of more temporary H-1B visas, which allow non-U.S. citizens with advanced skills and degrees in "specialty occupations" to work in the country for up to six years, the 200,000-member U.S. chapter of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers was hoping for measures to reduce the backlog of H-1B holders awaiting green cards.
All you smart kids who can't find good paying jobs, how is your guy Barry making things better for you? HE'S NOT!
DrVinyBoomBotts
1
"If this is all there is, then the president has missed a real opportunity," said Russ Harrison, a senior legislative representative at the IEEE. "He could have taken steps to make it easier for skilled immigrants to become Americans through the green card system, protecting foreign workers and Americans in the process."
For instance, IEEE and technology companies want spouses and children to be excluded from employment-based green-card allotments, thereby increasing availability for other foreign tech workers seeking green cards.
Tech companies from Microsoft Corp to Intel have complained about being unable to find enough highly skilled employees and want Washington to increase the availability of visas for programmers, engineers and other specialized foreign professionals.
"Our focus really is on H-1B visas and trying to expand the number of talented technical professionals that can come to the U.S.," Qualcomm CFO George Davis said ahead of Obama's announcement. "The way the regulations are drafted today there's a lot of room for improvement."
Major changes would require Congressional action, however, and tech industry executives are worried that partisan rancor over Obama's unilateral action could set back chances for legislation.
"I don't view this as a long-term solution, and I hope it doesn't get in the way of a long-term solution," said Dave Goldberg, chief executive of SurveyMonkey, a Palo Alto based company.
The AFL-CIO said in a statement it would seek to ensure visa workers are afforded rights and protections.
"We are concerned by the President's concession to corporate demands for even greater access to temporary visas that will allow the continued suppression of wages in the tech sector," the labor giant said.
While limited, Obama's policy changes, such as letting more spouses work, will help some tech workers and their families.
Gayathri Kumar, 29, moved a year ago from India to Phoenix, Arizona, where her husband works at Intel. She has a masters degree in communications and wants to work in television, but Kumar spends much of her day at home, chatting with friends over social media.
"I really want to work. I came here with a passion to work, not to sit at home," Kumar said. "I'm bored, I'm becoming depressed."
(Reporting by Noel Randewich in San Francisco and Roberta Rampton in Washington. Additional reporting by Sarah McBride in San Francisco.; Editing by Eric Effron, Tom Brown and Ken Wills)

Overcome Time Poverty: How to Become the Most Productive Person You Knowreddit
When you're in time poverty, you're always rushing. You charge through your day, darting from task to task, and you never get anything done. Your to-do list is anxiety inducing because it is constantly growing, and you're always stressed out about your lack of time.
Sound familiar?
Being in time poverty is a very common occurrence among entrepreneurs, but it is not at all conducive to running a thriving, profitable business. In order to be successful, you have to be productive, and overcoming time poverty is absolutely crucial to achieving that goal.
Here are seven things to start doing immediately to overcome time poverty and start getting things done:
1. Remember that we all have 24 hours. It's how you spend those hours that determines what gets done and how enjoyable/successful your life is.
2. Stop saying "I don't have enough time." You get what you speak in this world, so if you say things like "I don't have enough time", you're going to create that experience. Time is literally going to slip away from you.
3. Change your language. When I first started my business, I attracted an abundance of incredible opportunities. So many, in fact, that I started saying things like, "I don't know how I'm going to get all of this done." And all of a sudden, things started slowing down. Contracts got delayed. I created time poverty and was rewarded with more time. When I changed my language to that of abundance, the new business started rolling in once again.
4. Stop forcing yourself to work on the tasks that you dislike. These tasks take up more of your time and energy because you have to motivate yourself. They have a tendency to sit on your to-do lists for months because you avoid them. You tell yourself the problem is you don't have time, but in reality you don't want to do these tasks. The solution? Delegate them or cross them off your list.
5. Only work in your genius zone. When you work on the things you're passionate about, you're in your genius zone. You're in your sweet spot, getting stuff done. Time flies and you're super productive because you're doing what you're good at. Stay in your genius zone and delegate everything else.
6. Identify your distractions, such as social media, email or free offers from programs you purchased. Develop new habits to combat these distractions so you're more productive and efficient with your time.
7. Listen to what you're really saying. When you say, "I don't have time for that," what you're really saying is, "That's not important to me right now." If it were a priority, you would make time. From now on, replace "I don't have time for that" with "That's not important to me." Before you know it, you'll have a surplus of time that you're spending efficiently, because you'll only be working on the things that are genuinely important.
How many of these time management strategies do you currently use, and which ones do you think will be most beneficial for you moving forward?
Follow Kim Pisolkar on Twitter: www.twitter.com/KimPisolkar
More:

Stocks Surge at Open After China Cuts Ratesstocks surge at open after china cuts rates
As Obama hands many immigrants a reprieve  hucksters wait to defraud themBy Emily Badger November 21 Follow @emilymbadger
People watch President Barack Obama's televised immigration speech at Casa de Maryland in Hyattsville, Md., Thursday, Nov. 20, 2014. Obama announced that millions of illegal immigrants will gain protections from deportation under a plan that would bypass Congress. (AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana)
Big changes in federal immigration policy are big business for notarios, consultants who seemingly possess the legal power to help immigrants secure deferred deportations or work permits. Notarios, however, are not lawyers. They cannot represent immigrants before immigration courts. They're often unqualified to offer the very legal aid they promise in exchange for fees many families can barely afford.
Cities with large immigrant communities often see a rise in such dubious businesses whenever immigration reforms are back in the news, raising the hopes of residents and the need for real legal aid. This will no doubt be the case in the coming months, too, as millions of immigrants try to decipher the president's executive action granting broad relief from deportations.
"In all of our offices across the city, we hear stories on a regular basis of people spending outrageous sums of money on false hopes — and being tricked, basically," says Daniel Coates, a lead organizer with the group Make the Road New York in New York City. "People are most vulnerable when there’s less knowledge out there."
In Los Angeles, a city with a half a million undocumented immigrants, officials have already heard stories of residents misled by offers of legal assistance with the new executive action — even before the president announced what it would entail.
"It’s a huge issue," says Linda Lopez, the chief of the Office of Immigrant Affairs in the Los Angeles mayor's office. "We have notarios literally on most of our street corners, all over certain high-immigrant density neighborhoods."
This is a stark testament to the complicated path ahead for the president's immigration reprieve: New opportunities available to immigrants are easily accompanied by attempts to defraud them. There are businesses that exist primarily for the purpose of exploiting the mass confusion mixed with high expectations around an offer like legal immigration status.
Notarios may charge $500 to put you in line for Obama's new green cards (that is not what Obama is offering), or far more than that to usher your family through naturalization (even if no one in your household qualifies). The often operate out of storefronts also selling phone cards, or international shipping, or — in this photo taken by the American Bar Association — fried chicken.
Meanwhile, the pro-bono lawyers and legitimate legal clinics capable of navigating confusing immigration policies — separating immigrants who qualify from those who don't, and tracking all of the documentation they need to prove it — are already often overwhelmed with cases.
"They are taxed right now," says Roxana Olivas, the executive director of the Mayor's Office on Latino Affairs in Washington, D.C. When the president announced deportation deferrals in 2012 for children brought to the country by their parents (commonly known as "DACA"), those service providers helped about 500 residents in D.C. apply. "With the president’s announcement, I think we’re going to get a lot, lot more."
Cities are left with the grittier work — and he financial cost — of enacting this part of the president's new policy: translating it for bewildered residents, steering them away from abuse, making sure that all of the fine print follows Thursday's headlines.
New York City spent $13.7 million funding local organizations to provide community outreach and legal services to help residents navigate DACA. The city spent another $322,000 on its own subway ads and leaflets trying to direct residents to legitimate information and free legal aid.
New York City subway ads promoting DACA, courtesy of the New York City Mayor's Office of Immigrant Affairs
For the last two years, the city of Chicago has been running sting operations of notarios. Inspectors have repeatedly found businesses in violation of tightened city laws on immigration assistance providers. They were selling unauthorized legal advice, or charging exorbitant fees, or promising results, as the city put it, "that would be impossible to obtain."
"We do not allow immigrants to be victims of fraudulent service providers," says Tonantzin Carmona, the director of Chicago's Office of New Americans. "We want to make sure if people want to speak out, if they want to get information about how to become permanent residents, that they’re not taken advantage of."
Much of the confusion notarios are able to exploit stems from the word "notario" itself. In some Latin American countries, the term describes someone who's a licensed legal practitioner. In the U.S., it's closer to the equivalent of a notary. That means that notarios aren't attorneys, or legal assistants, or even qualified to prepare a legal will. The American Bar Association, which runs a Fight Notario Fraud program , warns that notarios may even permanently damage an immigrant's case .
For groups like Make the Road New York, warnings about notarios are part of any community workshop or outreach campaign.
"It’s totally standard fare," Coates says. "'Here’s the news, here’s what we know, here’s what it is — anybody who tells you otherwise is probably trying to take you for a ride.' Invariably, someone will stand up and say ‘this happened to my brother, this happened to me.’"
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

How to get rid of web adsBy Caitlin Dewey November 21 Follow @caitlindewey
A demonstration of Google’s “Contributor” program. (Google)
In a tacit acknowledgement of the fact that online ads are consistently terrible, Google on Thursday announced a new “experiment” that will, for a monthly fee, let users hide the ads on some of their favorite Web sites.
The program, called “Contributor,” is pretty simple — if a bit rosy-eyed. Step 1: Pay between $1 and $3 to block ads on sites like Mashable, The Onion and Urban Dictionary.
Step 2: Visit those sites and see a pixelated box or a thank-you message where you’d normally see an ad.
Step 3: Enjoy your cleaner, happier, less distracted Web-browsing experience, while basking in the satisfaction that you — yes, you! — have helped “directly support the people who create the sites you visit each day.”
The launch of “Contributor” is not particularly surprising, given that web ads are almost universally recognized as the Internet’s foremost aesthetic scourge. Users rejoiced when one of Google’s ad servers went down temporarily in early November, causing advertisements to disappear from a number of major sites. (“Historic … Enjoy the webs as they used to be before ads!” one woman tweeted , gleefully.) And when the banner ad celebrated its 20th anniversary on Oct. 27, the inventor of the genre — Joe McCambley — was conspicuously absent from the festivities. Since he made the first banner ad for Wired in 1994, McCambley claimed, the industry has devolved into an ugly, cheap, click-grubbing thing.
“Hundreds of trillions of rotten, crappy banner experiences have taught us that even looking at the right hand column of a web site is dumb,” he wrote at the Guardian last year.
And yet, until someone finds a way to replace the $46 billion industry with something more attractive (and equally profitable), banner ads and rail ads and even those super-annoying interstitial ads — which, I suspect, will interrupt your reading of this very article — are undeniably here to stay. There are “experiments,” of course: Google’s Contributor, membership programs, and the late, great return to paywalls, which sometimes supplement, and sometimes take the place, of ads. (“Rejoin the party,” reads the pop-up at the newly re-paywalled, largely ad-less NewYorker.com, which makes up in readability what it lacks in actual carousing.)
Facebook with and without the ads. (AdBlocker)
But at the end of the day, the surest way to an ad-free Web is that old, proven standby: the ad-blocking plug-in. ( AdBlock , which has 20 million users and versions for Chrome, Safari and Firefox, is a good bet.) Advantages include (a) the fact that it already exists and (b) the fact that it costs no money.
Of course, a tool like Adblock will not leave you with the warm, fuzzy feeling that you’ve contributed to the health/sustainability of the Web economy. But it will eliminate atrocities like this one — and that, at least, is something to cheer.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Walgreen files motion to dismiss ex-CFO lawsuit  appears in court0
The protective order could limit what information in the lawsuit is made public moving forward and is scheduled for a hearing on Dec. 4. The motion to dismiss is expected to be heard Dec. 19.
"As we said at the time this lawsuit was originally filed, we believe this action is without merit," spokesman Michael Polzin said in a statement. "Our motion to dismiss is consistent with that view."
Earlier this month, Associate Judge Franklin Valderrama agreed to redact some of the paragraphs included in the originally filed defamation lawsuit. The suit included internal emails between Walgreen executives, giving a rare glimpse into the company.
To view a copy of the lawsuit and the redactions Walgreen proposed, go to chicagotribune.com/walgreenslawsuit.

India to allow foreign firms mine and sell coalA boy carries coal at an open cast coal field at Dhanbad district in Jharkhand September 20, 2012.REUTERS/Ahmad Masood/Files
By Krishna N. Das
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India will allow locally registered foreign firms to mine and sell coal when commercial mining is permitted as part of the opening up of the nationalised industry after four decades, Coal Secretary Anil Swarup told Reuters.
To end a chronic coal shortage that cripples power plants and curb the country's imports of the fuel, the Narendra Modi government will also spend about $1 billion by 2019 to buy railway wagons and transport coal from remote mines, Swarup said in an interview on Thursday.
The government last month made provisions for private firms to commercially mine coal but did not set any timeline for when actual digging will start.
The decision will open the door to global giants like Rio Tinto (RIO.L) and BHP Billiton (BHP.AX) and help ramp up output from India's huge reserves - the world's fifth biggest.
"Any company registered in India can bid (when a commercial coalfield auction takes place)," Swarup said.
"So a foreign company registered in India can also bid, provided they fulfil other conditions."
Opening up the industry will increase private coal production to about 400 million tonnes by 2019 from less than 50 million tonnes last year, Swarup said.
As of now, only power, steel and cement companies can mine coal for their own consumption. Commercial mining in India is dominated by state-owned Coal India Ltd (COAL.NS).
IMPORT FREE
Coal India is the world's largest miner of the fuel but its unionised workforce resists mechanisation fearing job losses. The resulting inefficiencies are partly responsible for years of missed output targets and India's coal imports.
But Swarup said the firm will beat its production target of 507 million tonnes in the fiscal year through March due to new mine output and environmental clearances. Output has lagged targets over the last six years for which data is available.
He sought to allay concerns over labour unions, which plan a one-day strike on Monday against sector reforms and the planned sale of a 10 percent Coal India stake.
"Our attempt is to convey our feelings to them that under no circumstances will the interest of Coal India be adversely affected by the decisions of the government," Swarup said.
He was also enthused by the likely selection of Sutirtha Bhattacharya, chairman of India's No.2 coal producer, as the next head of Coal India. Though much smaller, Bhattacharya's Singareni Collieries has been able to surpass its output target every year.
Swarup said the government will finalise a roadmap by Dec. 15 to more than double Coal India's output to 1 billion tonnes by 2019. The company will buy 260 more trains on top of the 200 under operation to move coal from new mines.
Higher production from Coal India and private firms will mean that India, the third largest coal importer, will almost end inbound shipments in four years, Swarup said.
 
(Editing by Douglas Busvine and Himani Sarkar)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

GOP shouldnt overreact to Obamas immigration orderComments
By Ed Rogers November 21 Follow @EdRogersDC
The Wall Street Journal describes the immigration executive order announced by President Obama last night as a plan that “will give more than four million illegal immigrants the chance to apply for work permits and a temporary reprieve from deportation. People who have been in the U.S. for at least five years and are parents of citizens or legal permanent residents would be eligible to apply. The White House said nearly a million more could benefit through other new or expanded programs. The president also is narrowing the group of people who would be subject to deportation, in what the White House said was an effort to focus enforcement resources on gang members, serious criminals and those who crossed the border after Jan. 1, 2014.” Well, call me a squish — or worse, a RINO — but I can’t get too worked up about this. Sure, Obama’s process was flawed and politically dishonest, and it is a legal overreach by his own admission , but none of that is exactly a high crime or misdemeanor. Republicans should be careful to avoid looking phony or worse, insulting voters by declaring this to be the worst thing ever.
President Obama delivers his address on immigration. (Jim Bourg/Reuters)
On an outrage scale of 1 to 10, this should be no higher than a 4. On the harmful public policy scale of 1 to 10, this is no worse than a 2. I even wish that while Obama was at it, he had announced that he was doing more to ease the path of foreign students who graduate from an American college or for high-skilled workers who want to live and work in the United States. If Republicans were intellectually honest and had really engaged in a dialogue about immigration reform, we probably would have given the president everything in his executive order in exchange for some meaningful reforms — including enhanced border security — that would make the United States safer and more prosperous. There is probably not one thing in the president’s executive order that wouldn’t get 300 votes in the House and 85 votes in the Senate if it had gone through a normal process.
There are many valid questions that opponents can — and should — raise about the president’s actions . And while we can shake our fists and rail about the Constitution, frankly, those acts and arguments are losers politically. The Constitution is not in tatters, and if we say it is, voters will roll their eyes and discount the subsequent alarms we will need to sound on future, more harmful presidential actions. Republicans run the risk of losing credibility if they overreact.
The fact is, almost no Republican voters will notice anything different in their communities or at their jobs as a result of the executive order. But so many in the GOP ranks are so heavily invested in not being for any kind of immigration reform and labeling everything as “amnesty” that it is difficult to make progress. The word “amnesty” has become the most vile one in the Republican universe, unmoored from its literal meaning as a “general pardon for offenses.”  Unfortunately, it has become a catch-all phrase meant to derail any action or slander anyone who wants to do anything.
All that said, there is no way that House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) or Senate Majority Leader-elect Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) could have negotiated anything in an election year. Doing nothing was the best political strategy. Similarly, Obama didn’t take any actions before the elections because of his own political needs. And it’s likely that he is announcing his plan now for political reasons — to get Republicans off-message and create contention. Republicans should not take the bait.
Republicans need to be smart and measured. They should pass a very strong, tough package of bills in the new Congress to enhance border security; enforce visas; and allow illegal immigrants to confess to crimes of entering the country illegally, to pay a fine, court costs and back taxes and to be put on probation — just like anyone else who commits a nonviolent crime. Republicans can extinguish the president’s power-grab of Congress’s authority by passing a strong immigration reform bill of their own. With confident leadership and no near-term time pressure, this could be the beginning of useful reform.
 
Follow Ed on Twitter:  @EdRogersDC
Ed Rogers is a contributor to the PostPartisan blog, a political consultant and a veteran of the White House and several national campaigns. He is the chairman of the lobbying and communications firm BGR Group, which he founded with former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour in 1991.

Yes  those Kim Kardashian photos are about raceBy Bethonie Butler November 21 Follow @bethoniebutler
Kim Kardashian. (Photo by Grant Pollard/Invision/AP)
Kim Kardashian’s risqué photo spread in Paper magazine may have put the focus on her famous derriere, but it’s the subtext that really gives us something to talk about. The photo shoot, which evoked controversial images of black women, has staked an ongoing debate over how black women are represented (or not) in mainstream media.
The Grio detailed the controversial history of photographer Jean-Paul Goude, whose 1976 portrait “Carolina Beaumont” served as inspiration for the cover shot you’ll see on newstands. Kardashian appears in a long gown, balancing a champagne glass on her rear. The original portrait, also known as “ Champagne Incident ” featured a nude black model and appeared in Goude’s 1982 book, “Jungle Fever.”
“The world could be coming to an end, and I’d be so calm:” The zen of @KimKardashian http://t.co/G9HCJmw9sK pic.twitter.com/kQ7B1Pndn9
— PAPER Magazine (@papermagazine) November 14, 2014
That photo and images of model Grace Jones, with whom Goude has a son , are among his most iconic. They’re also glaring examples of Goude’s fetishization of black women, which The Cut examined :
It’s hard not to notice that Goude’s image distortions have often been used in service of the objectification and eroticization of black women. “Blacks are the premise of my work … I have jungle fever,” he  told People  in 1979. The image that appears on the cover of Goude’s book with that title depicts Jones naked, in a cage, surrounded by raw meat (cropped out of the cover photograph, though visible in  other versions , is a sign that reads “DO NOT FEED THE ANIMAL.”
Kardashian has been called out by some for  appearing fully nude  in the photo shoot.  But if the reality TV star is aware of the criticism of Goude’s work, she hasn’t acknowledged it. On Tuesday, she praised the photographer, telling an Australian TV show  that she “was so excited and honored to work with him because he is a legend.”
The history behind the Kardashian images goes far beyond Goude. The shoot also drew comparisons to  Saartjie Baartman , a Khoisan woman who was forced to perform sideshow-like routines throughout Europe as the “Hottentot Venus” in the early 19th century.
“It feels to many black women that here we are again having a conversation that is essentially about the black woman’s body, minus the black woman,” said Kierna Mayo, vice president of digital content for Ebony .
The feeling that black women are being stripped from the conversation extends beyond Kardashian and her photo shoot.  Mayo, who discussed the Kardashian photos in a  recent segment on Melissa Harris-Perry , said that Kardashian has been able to capitalize on her body in a way that black women historically have not. One example she gives is 90s-era hip-hop music videos, in which scantily clad dancers were notoriously underpaid and, in some cases, exploited, despite the videos being broadcast constantly on cable and other networks.
“Are black women the only women in the world that have prominent rear ends? No,” Mayo said in a phone interview. “But have black women’s bodies — their rear ends in particular – been fodder for commerce and conversation for hundreds of years in this country? Absolutely.”
At the heart of the criticism  is a tendency of pop culture and fashion to celebrate white women for their art or style, while denouncing — or ignoring completely — black women in the same arenas.
Take, for example, Vogue declaring in September that we had officially entered “the era of the big booty.” The article, pegged to a song by Jennifer Lopez and Iggy Azalea, was perceived as crediting female celebrities who are not black for the trend.
Or earlier this year, when Nicki Minaj was criticized for appearing in a g-string on the cover for her single, “Anaconda.” Minaj responded by tweeting the cover of this year’s Sports Illustrated, which featured topless models in barely-there bikini bottoms.  On Instagram, she captioned the photo with a reference to what she (and many of her fans) saw as a double standard in favor of the models, who were not black: “Angelic. Acceptable. LOL.”
Even discussions around the history of the imagery beneath the surface of Kardashian’s Paper spread have proved complicated. A recent Jezebel piece dubbed Baartman “ The Original Booty Queen, ” is drawing criticism for what some have seen as glossing over the brutality of what Baartman endured. Here’s an excerpt:
Like Kim, Saartjie (pronounced Sar-key) was voluptuous but tiny. She stood four feet, seven inches to Kim’s purported five-three. Unlike Kim, she didn’t just have her sizable assets in the way of talent. (Whether ‘balancing a champagne glass on your ass’ is a talent remains up for discussion.) She had learned and practiced multiple instruments in her native land (in what is now South Africa). On the stages of London and Paris, she regaled packed audiences with singing, dancing, and instrumental routines. When it comes to her contemporary booty-sisters, she is less Kim Kardashian, more Nicki Minaj.
In a  piece for XoJane , writer Pia Glenn explained the backlash.  “[Baartman's] life story resonates in the rampant objectification and exploitation of our bodies that is still going on, not as some aspiring singer/dancer with stars in her eyes,” Glenn wrote.
In reality, Baartman “was an exhibit,” said A. Lynn Bolles, an anthropologist and professor of women’s studies at The University of Maryland. “She was put on display like she was an animal.” Even after her death, her body was not her own — it was dissected, parts of it put on public display .
Today, Bolles said, Baartman is considered a heroine in South Africa. “She gave up her life. She becomes a symbol of exploitation, she becomes a symbol of brutality, what can happen to a person– versus Nicki Minaj who would say it’s her own agency that allows her to do this, versus Kim Kardashian who would say it’s her body.”
Mayo says that distinction adds complex layers to the conversation around Kardashian’s photos.
“It’s a hearty conversation to have — the question of women utilizing their bodies with full agency in a commercial way,” she said. “Not just white women, not just black women, but all women, because it could be argued that there is something empowering about finally being able to have total control over our own bodies and make decisions as to how they’re utilized and how we choose to depict ourselves.”
At the same time, Mayo says that the context of the images — the historical objectification of black women’s bodies — is important to consider.
“Even at the time of its release, ‘Jungle Fever’ was seen as something extremely controversial and problematic for many black women,” Mayo said. “That a non-black woman would be able to kind of recreate the imagery that was so painful for us for so many years – kind of flippantly – is, I think, why so many black women are taking this issue to heart and have a lot to say about it.”
Related:

US stocks gain on stimulus moves in China  Europe...and
versions
The stock market closed out its fifth straight week of gains with another record high on Friday.
The Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index carved out all-time highs, extending the market's gains for the week. It was the third record close for the Dow in the week and the fourth for the S&P 500.
The latest records extended a comeback in the S&P 500, which has increased 11 percent since plunging in mid-October. A strong third-quarter earnings season, on top of a recent string of positive U.S. economic data on housing, jobs and manufacturing, have helped put investors in a buying mood.
Investors on Friday cheered news of an interest rate cut in China and the possibility that Europe's central bank will step up stimulus efforts in the region.
"What it suggests is that these central banks are prepared to do even more to stimulate growth, to stimulate demand, and that always equates to better stock markets," said Quincy Krosby, a market strategist at Prudential Financial.
All 10 sectors in the S&P 500 index rose, with materials stocks climbing the most. The sector is up 9 percent this year.
Energy stocks were among the big gainers, getting a boost from a rebound in oil prices. Some traders anticipated that OPEC will decide to cut production at a conference next week.
Ross Stores led the gains in the S&P 500, adding $6.09, or 7.3 percent, to $89.30.
All told, the S&P 500 index rose 10.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,063.50. That's just above the index's previous high close a day before at 2,052.75. The S&P 500 is up 11.6 percent this year.
The Dow gained 91.06 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,810.06. That's up from its last record close of 17,719 on Thursday. The Dow as gained 7.4 percent this year.
The Nasdaq composite added 11.10 points, or 0.2 percent, to 4,712.97. The index is up 12.8 percent for the year.
The prospect of central banks outside the U.S. ramping up their own stimulus efforts is seen as another positive for stock investors, particularly with the Federal Reserve winding down its massive bond-buying program this year.
"Central bank intervention is the No. 1 thing investors worldwide are looking at right now," said Mike Serio, regional chief investment officer at Wells Fargo Private Bank. "In the short run, that looks pretty good for stocks."
On Friday, China's central bank lowered the interest rate on its one-year loans to financial institutions by 0.4 percentage points to 5.6 percent. The surprise cut came in the wake of recent figures showing that the country's annual growth rate slowed to a five-year low of 7.3 percent last quarter.
European Central Bank President Mario Draghi also caused a stir in markets when he told a conference in Frankfurt, Germany, that the bank is willing to "step up the pressure" and increase its efforts to stimulate Europe's struggling economy.
If current efforts do not achieve the desired effect, Draghi said the ECB could "broaden even more the channels through which we intervene."
For many in the markets, that was a clear hint that the bank could soon starting buying government bonds.
Beyond the talk of central bank stimulus, investors had their eye on the latest batch of corporate earnings Friday.
Traders bid up shares in several companies that reported better-than-expected earnings, including software maker Splunk and sporting goods retailer Hibbett Sports. Splunk rose $1.99, or 3.1 percent, to $66.93. Hibbett gained $1.82, or 4 percent, to $47.75.
Video game retailer GameStop and clothing chain operator Gap slumped after delivering disappointing results. GameStop slid $5.68, or 13 percent, to $37.86. Gap fell $1.68, or 4.2 percent, to $38.46.
Wireless communications company Aruba Networks sank 13.7 percent after its outlook fell short of financial analysts' expectations. The stock shed $2.98 to $18.82.
China's interest rate cut raised hopes for increased economic activity and oil demand. That helped lift oil prices.
Benchmark U.S. crude gained 66 cents to settle at $76.51 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, a benchmark for international oils used by many U.S. refineries, rose $1.03 to close at $80.36 on the ICE Futures exchange in London.
In other energy futures trading on the NYMEX, wholesale gasoline rose 2.9 cents to close at $2.057 a gallon, heating oil rose 2.5 cents to close at $2.405 a gallon and natural gas fell 22.3 cents to close at $4.266 per 1,000 cubic feet.
In metals trading, gold rose $6.80 to $1,197.70 an ounce, silver rose 26 cents to $16.40 an ounce and copper rose a penny to $3.03 a pound.
U.S. government bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.31 percent from 2.34 percent late Thursday.
___
AP Business Writer Pan Pylas in London contributed to this report.

Workers still active in 95 Express Lanes zoneBy Robert Thomson November 21 Follow @RT_Thomson
The express lanes operations center, which has overseen the Beltway HOT lanes for two years, is preparing for the opening of the I-95 version in December. (Robert Thomson/The Washington Post)
The 95 Express Lanes are nearly ready to open, but the 29-mile-long work zone is still active with last-minute construction, said Michelle Holland, communications director for the Virginia Department of Transportation’s Megaprojects office.
So watch out for work crews and lane closings during the final preparations. This work is likely to be particularly intense during the December weekend when the high-occupancy toll lanes open. Workers already have begun to unveil some of the 300 new signs associated with the express lanes, but the final wave of sign-unveiling will occur during the opening weekend.
Project managers still have not announced an exact date for the start of HOT lane operations, and it will depend on the weather, but I think a good guess would be the weekend of Dec. 13-14, with the first commuting day in the lanes being Dec. 15, if my scenario proves correct. Virginia officials are planning a Dec. 10 ceremony to anticipate the opening, after 28 months of construction. Look here on the blog for frequent updates and FYIs, whatever the December opening date turns out to be.
Even after the lanes open, workers are likely to be in the area for many weeks finishing up. Another VDOT project directly related to the express lanes operation is the continuing work on the new auxiliary lane on the right side of northbound Interstate 395. This is the area where the northbound express lanes will end, and the auxiliary lane should help ease traffic there. The auxiliary lane is scheduled to be done by the end of December.
Officials with VDOT and Transurban, the company that will operate the 95 Express Lanes along with the two-year-old 495 Express Lanes on the Capital Beltway, say they are looking to make the December opening as smooth as possible, despite the complexities of opening some new entrances and exits and switching a portion of the existing HOV system used in peak periods to a full-time HOT lanes system.
One example: Project managers are working on transferring the gate-keeping responsibilities at the lane access points from VDOT to Transurban. This is a crucial step, because the lanes will continue to be reversible. Because the new HOT lane system will have a direct link with the remaining part of the HOV system, Transurban will take over responsibility for all the gates along the HOV/HOT lane route, and the hours for operating either northbound or southbound will remain the same.
This weekend
From 11 p.m. Friday through 8 a.m. Saturday, VDOT plans to close the HOV lanes between the D.C. line and Dumfries Road (Route 234) for work on the express lanes project. The HOV lanes will close again at 11 p.m. Saturday, reopening at 4 a.m. Monday.
Looking forward to Thanksgiving, VDOT plans to suspend construction along the I-95 corridor, as well as elsewhere right around the holiday. But watch for work crews to be out again after the holiday has passed.
Robert Thomson is The Washington Post’s “Dr. Gridlock.” He answers travelers’ questions, listens to their complaints and shares their pain on the roads, trains and buses in the Washington region.

Firms ECB fund-raising up 13%Firms ECB fund-raising up 13%
Nagpur goes on fast track in race for newIIMPrint
By: Express News Service | Nagpur | Posted: November 22, 2014 1:57 am
Chances of Nagpur getting the state’s first IIM have brightened with the district administration promptly setting aside 200 acres of land in the MIHAN project area and also providing temporary facility for the next academic session at the Visvewaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT).
The Union Human Resource Development Ministry had sought details of the land and other facilities for setting up an IIM in one of the three cities of Nagpur, Pune and Aurangabad.
Collector Abhishek Krishna told The Indian Express: “We are awaiting a favourable response from the Centre now that we have provided land and temporary facility ahead of the other two probable centres.”
CM Devendra Fadnavis had said here a few days ago that attempt was being made to bring IIM to Nagpur.
“A team from HRD ministry is expected to visit the city in a few days and inspect the land and VNIT temporary facility before the final decision is taken,” Krishna said.

Watch Obama Discuss Immigration Reform at Nevada Eventwatch obama discuss immigration reform at nevada event
7 charts that explain the undocumented immigrant populationBy Nia-Malika Henderson November 21 Follow @niawapo
People watch President Barack Obama's televised immigration speech at Casa de Maryland in Hyattsville, Md., Thursday, Nov. 20, 2014. Obama announced that millions of illegal immigrants will gain protections from deportation under a plan that would bypass Congress. (AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana)
President Obama's executive order on immigration could exempt from deportation more than five million undocumented immigrants -- almost half of the total undocumented population in the country, which is about 11.5 million (depending on the data you're looking at). The population is vast and diverse, coming from different countries and living in very different proportions in different states.
We took a look at some of the demographic breakdowns of the group pulled together by the Pew Hispanic Trends Project  and the Department of Homeland Security .
Here is what we found:
1. Illegal immigrants make up 3.5 percent of the U.S. population
The vast majority of the population has roots in North America -- particularly Mexico and Central America. China, the Philippines, Korea and Vietnam are among the top 10 countries of origin for the Asian illegal immigrant population, which has remained stable at 1.3 million -- about 11 percent of all undocumented immigrants.
2. Declining numbers from Mexico
The population of unauthorized immigrants over the last 4 years has largely flat-lined, remaining stable. Yet the Mexican undocumented population, which is 52 percent of the total, has consistently declined. Partly it's the difficult economy, which hasn't fully recovered, and a more secure border. And President Obama, nicknamed the "deporter-in-chief" by some, has been aggressive at sending people back to their country of origin -- more than two million to date.
3.  Unauthorized immigrants are settling in the South
President Obama began the public push for his executive order in Nevada, but while that state does have a high Latino population and the highest percentage of illegal immigrants in the country, it doesn't make the top 10 of states as far as total undocumented population. ( Roughly 210,000 undocumented immigrants live in Nevada. )
This list, which is mostly made of blue states, isn't exactly surprising. Georgia and North Carolina are part of a more widespread Latino population boom in the South. Relative to the overall population, Latinos -- undocumented and otherwise -- make up a small share. But their growth is rapid, doubling in some states in recent years.
4.  Well over half of the illegal immigrant population arrived after 1995
Obama's executive action will cover people who have citizen or legal permanent resident children who have been here for at least five years, meaning 2009 or before. His move will also expand the time frame use for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) measure to include any children who were brought to this country illegally before 2010.
5. The population is very young
Back in 2012, during a GOP presidential debate, Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney sparred over deporting "grandmothers and grandfathers," zeroing in a demographic that is actually a very small part of the illegal-immigrant population. Some 80 percent are 44 years old and under, meaning they have a number of working and childbearing years in front of them. This means an expanded tax base for those that get work permits, but also means that in some instances people live "off the grid," while still utilizing school systems and hospitals.
6. Illegal immigrants make up a 5.1 percent of the workforce
Because of that youth, illegal immigrants are over-represented in the workforce -- 5.1 percent versus 3.5 percent of the overall population.
During his speech announcing his executive order , Obama made several references to illegal immigrants roles in the workforce. He talked about "workers who pick our fruit and make our beds" and "the determination of immigrant fathers who worked two or three jobs without taking a dime from the government." Dating back to 1995, as their population rose, illegal immigrants have steadily joined the workforce, peaking in 2011. The parents of lawful permanent residents and citizens who have been here for more than five years will be able to apply for work permits and temporary relief from deportation.
7. 7 percent of k-12 students have an undocumented parent
Another are where the undocumented are over-represented versus their share of the population is as parents. In fact, 7 percent of non-college students have at least one parent who is undocumented.
Obama talked a lot about students in his speech, acknowledging "the courage of students who, except for the circumstances of their birth, are as American as Malia or Sasha; students who bravely come out as undocumented in hopes they could make a difference in the country they love." And it's no accident that he will give his first speech outside of the beltway at a school in Nevada, where 17.7 percent of school children have a parent who is an illegal immigrant .
Nia-Malika Henderson is a political reporter for The Fix.

Banker to be named Brazil finance minister  papers sayBrazil next finance chief pledges balanced growth, fiscal discipline
Joaquim Levy arrives at Finance Ministry in Brasilia
JAMIL BITTAR,
Brazil Finance Economy Economic Indicator Gross Domestic Product Credit and Debt
Brazil's incoming finance minister Joaquim Levy vowed to cut spending and clean up the country's finances on Thursday, aiming to rebuild trust with investors after years of weak growth and erratic economic policies.
In his first public comments after President Dilma Rousseff announced his appointment, Levy laid out more realistic fiscal targets and promised more balanced economic growth in Rousseff's second term following her re-election victory last month.
"We are not in a moment of crisis, so it is important to lay the basis for the next few years," Levy told reporters, transmitting confidence and fluency with a federal budget he shaped at the Treasury a decade a decade ago.
"We are not in a hurry to announce measures. We are looking at reducing spending. There will be no package of measures, there will be no big surprises."
The benchmark Bovespa stock index <.BVSP> reversed losses as Levy began his remarks, but swung back into negative territory as he explained there were no immediate measures forthcoming.
0
Levy helped Brazil win an investment-grade credit rating when he was the head of the Treasury between 2003 and 2006, at the start of a decade-long boom that turned Brazil into an emerging-market powerhouse. [ID:nL2N0TB0XS]
Since Rousseff became president in 2011, however, her leftist government has used accounting tricks and transfers from a sovereign wealth fund to meet fiscal targets, eroding its credibility with investors and credit rating agencies.
Levy now returns to the government with the task of restoring fiscal discipline and reigniting the economy.
"Hitting our targets is fundamental to increase confidence in the Brazilian economy and lay the foundation for recovering economic growth," Levy told reporters.
FISCAL DISCIPLINE
Levy has a reputation for fiscal discipline and was an executive at Banco Bradesco  before being appointed finance minister. He is expected to roll back costly stimulus measures but he could face resistance from within a left-wing  governing coalition sworn to protect social spending.
Levy said he would take steps to boost private savings, increase productivity and bring balance to the economy, which has suffered three years of mediocre growth and high inflation, and slipped into recession earlier this year.
He plans to work with the private sector to expand investment and increase the supply of goods produced in Brazil, a change of focus from the credit-and-consumption policies of the past decade that economists say have reached exhaustion.
His success will depend largely on how much freedom Rousseff gives him to dictate policy in her second term. [ID:nL2N0TE172]
When asked about how much autonomy he would have, Levy said the incoming economic team enjoys Rousseff's full confidence.
In his clearest break with outgoing Finance Minister Guido Mantega, Levy promised a more modest but more transparent public savings target next year.
The government will work with a primary surplus target of 1.2 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) in 2015, down from a previously announced range of 2 percent to 2.5 percent, Levy said.
In 2016 and 2017 the primary surplus target - government revenue minus spending before debt payments - should return to at least 2 percent of GDP, he said.
The government also announced the appointment of Nelson Barbosa, a former deputy finance minister, as Rousseff's new planning minister, while central bank chief Alexandre Tombini is staying in the post.
"We don't have any details of what they are planning yet," said Newton Rosa, chief economist at SulAmerica Investimentos in Sao Paulo. "The market is giving Levy the benefit of the doubt at first ... When they first detail the measures they are going to adopt, they must show consistency and realism."
(Reporting by Alonso Soto and Luciana Otoni; Writing by Brad Haynes; Editing by Gunna Dickson and Kieran Murray)

White House: Immigration steps would boost wages...and
versions
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Barack Obama's moves on immigration would expand the labor force and increase worker productivity, according to a White House report Friday that estimates average wages would rise over a 10-year period.
The president's critics and even some labor allies dispute that claim.
Obama's Council of Economic Advisers forecasts that as a result of his administrative actions, the gross domestic product would grow by $90 billion, or 0.4 percent, over 10 years, and wages would rise by 0.3 percent by 2024.
Obama's actions could spare nearly 5 million immigrants illegally in the U.S. from deportation and make them eligible for work permits.
The report aims to counter critics such as Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama, the top Republican on the Senate Budget Committee, who says Obama's moves would lower wages and cost American workers' jobs. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka also said the president's effort to provide access to temporary visas could suppress wages in the high-tech sector.
Obama's plan promises to streamline some of the rules governing skilled immigrants — making it easier for them to change jobs, for example — and to provide new but unspecified immigration options for foreign entrepreneurs.
But the plan fell short of satisfying the tech sector, which has lobbied hard to raise the current annual limit of 65,000 so-called "H-1B" visas for skilled workers.
"This does little to nothing when it comes to the innovation economy," said Carl Guardino, CEO of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, a trade organization.
Congress would have to approve legislation to raise the H-1B visa cap. Guardino complained in an interview that Obama did not push hard enough, earlier in his presidency, for a package of reforms that included H-1B expansion. He said prospects for Congressional action now seem slim.
A comprehensive Senate immigration bill that Obama pressed for would have increased the cap on those high-skilled worker visas. The Republican-controlled House refused to consider that legislation.
Ed Black, CEO of the Computer and Communications Industry Association, said in a statement that the administrative changes "can potentially act as a tourniquet to stanch the loss of foreign talent to other countries. However, we still need the surgery that only Congress can provide to achieve a real recovery."
White House economists said an increase in high-skilled immigration "would raise the real annual earnings of native college graduates by 0.4 percent by 2024."
An analysis by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office last year of a comprehensive immigration bill approved by the Senate concluded that bill would reduce all wages by an average of 0.1 percent over the first 10 years. That study said wages would then rise in 2025 and beyond.
White House economists, however, said that the wage drop forecast in that report was driven by lower wages for immigrants.
The economists also said Obama's measures would increase the tax base by billions of dollars because two-thirds of immigrants illegally in the United States work, but do not pay taxes. Under Obama's actions, immigrants who seek protection from deportation would receive a three-year work permit that would require them to pay federal, state and local taxes.
AP Technology Writer Brandon Bailey in San Francisco contributed to this report

House GOP sues Obama administration on health law...and
versions
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Republicans filed a federal lawsuit Friday accusing the Obama administration of exceeding its constitutional powers in carrying out President Barack Obama's prized health care law, giving legal voice to conservatives who have long protested that he has abused his office's authority.
Democrats said Obama had acted legally and mocked the case as an unwinnable, politically motivated attack. Legal experts expressed doubts that the GOP would prevail or that the case could be concluded during Obama's presidency.
The suit echoed Republican complaints over Obama's Thursday night announcement of executive actions preventing the deportation of 5 million people who immigrated to the U.S. illegally. GOP lawmakers said those unilateral steps were unconstitutional and have promised unspecified congressional action.
Friday's lawsuit did not address immigration, though a Republican official said party leaders might add that later. The official spoke on condition of anonymity to describe internal Republican deliberations.
House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, said Obama "has chosen to ignore the will of the American people" and cast the battle as one with important implications.
"If this president can get away with making his own laws, future presidents will have the ability to as well," said a Boehner written statement. "The House has an obligation to stand up for the Constitution."
In the past, Republicans have accused Obama of overreaching by trading five Taliban prisoners for captured Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl and blocking earlier deportations of immigrant children illegally in the country.
White House spokesman Eric Schultz said the public wants Washington to focus on improving the economy but "Republicans choose to sue us, sue the president for doing his job."
In a written statement, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., called the lawsuit "a bald-faced attempt to achieve what Republicans have been unable to achieve through the political process." She said Republicans were responding to "the howls of impeachment-hungry extremists."
Pelosi also complained that Republicans found "a TV lawyer" who'll cost taxpayers too much — $500 hourly, according to the contract. The lead attorney, George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley, has done legal commentary on television networks.
Wasting little time, the House Majority PAC, a Democratic campaign committee, blasted a fundraising email to supporters calling the suit "an obvious political stunt to rile up Boehner's Tea Party allies."
Congressional Republicans all opposed the health care overhaul, and the House has voted over 50 times to repeal it.
Friday's suit, filed against the departments of Health and Human Services and the Treasury, was assigned to U.S. District Judge Rosemary Collyer, a 2003 appointee of President George W. Bush.
It accuses Obama of unlawfully delaying the 2010 health care law's requirement that many employers provide health care coverage for workers.
That so-called employer mandate requires companies with 50 or more employees working at least 30 hours weekly to offer health care coverage or pay fines. Smaller businesses are exempt.
The requirement was initially to take effect this year. Now, companies with 50 to 99 employees have until 2016 to comply while bigger firms have until next year.
The suit also accuses Obama of illegally preparing to pay insurance companies an estimated $175 billion over the next decade — plus $3 billion paid this past year —even though Congress hasn't provided money for that purpose.
According to the suit, insurance companies providing coverage under the health law must offer reduced rates to many lower-income policyholders.
The law established a fund to reimburse insurers who do that. Congress hasn't put money into that fund but the administration has started paying insurance companies anyway, the suit says.
University of Richmond law professor Carl Tobias said it would be difficult for the House to prove its case or even get the courts to hear it because of their traditional reluctance to intervene in political disputes between Congress and the president.
Timothy Lewis, a former federal appeals court judge nominated by President George H.W. Bush, said caseloads and potential appeals make it doubtful the case would be finished during Obama's final 26 months in office.
The House authorized the lawsuit in a near party-line vote in July.
___
AP Special Correspondent David Espo, reporter Donna Cassata and AP White House Correspondent Julie Pace contributed to this report.

ING shareholders feel deal tilted in favour of Kotak Mahindra BankING shareholders feel deal tilted in favour of Kotak Mahindra Bank
Obama is India s R-Day guest  Modi says friend comingObama is India s R-Day guest  Modi says friend coming
GLOBAL MARKETS-China rate cut  European stimulus hints lift marketsGLOBAL MARKETS-China rate cut  European stimulus hints lift markets
Classic pump and dump. yes but going to double from here soon. some wo...Platinum Member
105 Followers
Classic pump and dump. Yes but going to double from here soon. Some wonder movement is going to happen over two weeks, if I am not wrong.
In reply to : vicky_2013 message
2.27 AM Nov 22nd

As promoters are buying continuously   i took a position in this scrip...Gold Member
354 Followers
Dear Math86, there is an underlying trigger in this stock. Read all my messages of one week or so. Upon firing it may become debt free. It can zoom to 250 if that happens and I believe we can see 450 to 500 in next 2 years.

Posting url for giving full information can never be said a commercial...Platinum Member
189 Followers
"The state government on the request of the central government has reduced the VAT on ATF by four percent. Earlier the VAT on ATF was 22 percent and henceforth it would be 18 percent," Tripura Information and Finance Minister Bhanulal Saha told reporters.
He said: "The central government recently urged all state governments to rationalise VAT on ATF and resolve issues hindering the growth of aviation in the country."
The minister said that currently the state government is annually earning Rs.5 crore from VAT on ATF.
"Recently the Jet Airways stopped its operation on the Agartala-Kolkata-Guwahati route because of a higher VAT rate in Tripura," the minister added.

Whenever sukhani nickname dukhani suggest to do something always do th...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Who s driving the minivan0
In wagons offering three rows of seats, row three faced backward so the kids spent their time looking at the grilles of vehicles behind. Not a pretty sight, or one that prompted thoughts of safe travel. In mini vans, however, row three faced forward so kids could look at the video screen that flipped down from the roof and play games or watch movies.  
In 1984 some dealers were asking---and some customers paying---a $2,000 premium over full sticker to acquire a Caravan or Voyager, a ransom usually reserved for all-new versions of Corvette or Mustang.
With a trio of models, Chrysler became the leader of the segment it created. Volkswagen predated the minivan with the legendary microbus , which was introduced in 1950 and was finally taken out of production last year in its last and most supportive market of Brazil. Some have argued that VW is the originator of the minivan but others argue that it was a microbus, not a minivan. VW did end up offering a minivan between 2008-2013 called Routan, which had a Caravan/Town & Country body supplied by Chrysler.
Early success prompted competition from Toyota, Honda and Nissan. Toyota even replaced its original Previa introduced in the 1991 model year with the 1998 Sienna to make a more serious run at Chrysler.
Minivan sales topped one million units for the first time in 1994 and continued to top that mark through 2005, with a record 1.3 million units sold in 2000.
Fall of the minivan
But eventually people opted for alternatives to vans just as they had previously dropped wagons. In 2006 the decline got underway as sales slipped under 1 million units for the first time since 1994. Sales dropped every year until bottoming out at 430,000 units in '09.
Survivors have dwindled to seven---Town & Country/Caravan, Honda Odyssey, Toyota Sienna, Nissan Quest, Mazda5 and Kia Sedona. Departed include Routan, Chevy Uplander, Ford Windstar and Freestar, Buick Terraza, Mercury Monterey, Hyundai Entourage, and soon Caravan. Over 30 minivan models have gone extinct in the past 30 years, according to Consumer Guide: Automotive .   
So what happened?
"Perhaps it's accurate to say that the fact that minivans are minivans keeps many shoppers at bay," offers Jeremy Acevedo, analyst for car shopping site Edmunds.com.
"Minivans undoubtedly are laden with features and space to accommodate many people, and no other segment is quite as good at providing the same degree of functionality as the minivan," notes Acevedo. "But while considerations like mileage and limited availability of AWD (only Toyota) serve as a deterrent to some customers, styling remains the primary reason for diminishing sales."
They've grown fashionably stale.
"People today don't buy a van for its outside looks, but rather for its inside function---like slide-open doors and folding seats," says Al Gardner, CEO of Chrysler brand.
"Coming up with a van that's beautiful and functional is our goal for the future," Gardner says, promising that the redesigned 2016 Town & Country "will be both functional and fashionable."
While Town & Country was the more expensive of Chrysler’s three, it will now do double duty above and below the $30,000 mark.
Crossover’s crushing blow
There's another reason vans have cooled: the soccer mom stigma.
"The soccer Mom image plays a huge role in shoppers avoiding the segment," Acevedo insists. 
"Twenty years ago the average age of the minivan buyer was 30, but today it's 57. The daughters of those soccer Moms don't want to drive what their Moms did just like sons don't want to drive their father's Oldsmobile---or Buick," says Art Spinella, general manager of CNW Marketing, a company that focuses on consumer behavior. 
"Driving mom's car is the kiss of death for women and most men don't want to be seen driving one to work," Phillippi says.   
The big reason for the shift out of mini vans, however, is the shift into a newer, more popular and appealing segment: crossovers. These car-based haulers can offer three rows of seats and a spacious cargo hold just like minivans do, but also offer AWD for all-season security.
But, most importantly, crossovers offer far more appealing styling. 
"The advent of midsize crossovers was a crushing blow for the minivan segment," Acevedo said.
Endangered future?

Heirlume s founder on why she found a replacement for herself as CEO0
Q. How involved will you be over the long-term?
A. In the near term, that will probably be a bit more as Danielle gets up to speed with everything. But I'll always be a resource for her as an investor, shareholder and advisor. Over time, Danielle will become the majority owner. It depends on performance in addition to time.
Q. How did you identify and fix the customer-profile issue?
A. When we first went to market, our website and all of our marketing efforts were targeted at men. I thought it would be closer to 80/20 male and female. What we started to see very quickly was a lot of women shopping on our site. But we closed our eyes to it, which was the wrong thing to do. We kept focusing purely on marketing to men until we talked to our customers about how they were making purchases. We learned how important the female was in the buying process. It was really a telling moment. Our members and customers are about 50/50 male and female. That caused us to redesign our website, rebrand and change a lot of our marketing approach. We created gender-based marketing.
Q. How did that affect sales?
A. We haven’t been public about our revenues. Since we made the shifts in target market, we have gone from having a $200 average order size to about $400 to $450. Our sales conversion rate has doubled.
Q. What’s the most valuable lesson from this experience?
A. Just because you have an idea and a specific way that you think that idea is going to work in the market, once you launch you really need to listen to customer feedback and understand your customers. Being agile and able to move on that feedback is extremely vital. If you don’t, you will find yourself with a product that nobody really wants.
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Honda Odyssey excels at minivan crash tests; Nissan Quest fails terriblyHonda Odyssey excels at minivan crash tests; Nissan Quest fails terribly
IIHS minivan crash test
IIHS
View of this crash test shows that the dummy's position in relation to the door frame, steering wheel and instrument panel indicates that the driver's survival space was not protected.
View of this crash test shows that the dummy's position in relation to the door frame, steering wheel and instrument panel indicates that the driver's survival space was not protected. (IIHS)
"A real person experiencing this would be lukcy to ever walk normally again;" Nissan Quest crash test.
Minivan crash tests reveal huge gap in safety between top brands. Odyssey excels; Quest fails.
Several minivans – including the Nissan Quest, the Chrysler Town & Country and its twin, the Dodge Grand Caravan -- don’t do a good job of protecting occupants in crashes and failed recent Insurance Institute for Highway Safety tests.
The Honda Odyssey was the only van among those tested to get a “good” rating and Toyota’s Sienna tested at the “acceptable” level, the insurance group reported Thursday.
Automakers maintain commitment to maligned minivan despite dwindling sales. ( Jim Mateja, Special to the Tribune )
“Minivans are popular among parents, a group that tends to be safety-conscious, but we’ve only seen two so far that offer decent protection in small overlap crashes," says David Zuby, IIHS’ chief research officer.
The safety research group put all the vans through the small overlap front crash test, in which 25% of a car's front end on the driver's side strikes a 5-foot-tall rigid barrier at 40 mph, with test dummies onboard. It simulates a wreck in which the front corner of the car hits another car or solid object
These crashes are tough on minivans, Zuby said, because they are typically built on car platforms but are wider than cars. As a result, more of the vehicle is located outside the main structure. Minivans also are heavier than cars.
Such small overlap crashes account for nearly a quarter of frontal crashes involving serious or fatal injury, according to the institute.
In the test, researchers study whether the occupant compartment resists intrusion of collapsing car parts and structures. Using test dummies, they check to see whether safety belts prevent a driver from pitching forward, and ascertain whether side curtain air bags block a head from hitting the dashboard, window frame or objects outside the vehicle.
Honda didn’t lose much time claiming bragging rights.
“As the only minivan to offer the highest possible IIHS-rated protection in small overlap crashes, car buyers can look to the Honda Odyssey to securely and safely transport what’s most important – their families,” said Art St. Cyr, vice president of auto operations at American Honda Motor Co.
The Toyota van did well, but had some flaws, IIHS researchers found.

Risk on  as stimulus reigns supremeSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Nov. 17, 2014, in New York City. (Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
The U.S. Federal Reserve might be moving to take the punch bowl away from markets, but fresh — and more aggressive — injections of stimulus from foreign central banks is fueling a rally in risk assets Friday.
U.S. stocks, of course, have been powered since the bull market began five years ago by unprecedented support from the Fed in the form of a bond-buying program that kept a lid on interest rates and boosted the risk appetite of investors, as well as keeping short-term rates pegged at historic lows of near 0%. But with the U.S. economy growing at a 3% clip again and unemployment tumbling to 5.8%, the Fed ended its asset purchase program, dubbed QE, or quantitative easing, last month. The central bank, led by chair Janet Yellen, is also moving toward raising interest rates for the first time since 2006 sometime next year.
But that move to tighter monetary policy in the U.S., which is viewed as less market-friendly, is being offset by stimulus programs from other corners of the globe.
In the latest sign that cheap money and central bank easing is deemed supportive of financial assets, stocks shot up around the world Friday after China cut a key interest rate and European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi said in a speech that the ECB was ready to act yet again in an effort to jump-start the ailing eurozone economy, which is battling dangerously low inflation. The ECB has been criticized for moving too slowly to boost growth in the moribund eurozone, but is now moving towards implementing non-traditional policies similar to those used by the Fed following the 2008 financial crisis.
Stock exchanges in Germany and France shot up 2% in Friday trading and pre-market trading in the U.S. was also bullish, with the Dow Jones industrial average shooting up more than 120 points. The Dow closed at a record high of 17,719.00 Thursday, its 27th record close of 2014.
There has been a tug-of-war lately in financial markets, with investors wondering if the improving U.S. economy and record-breaking U.S. stock market would be dragged down by persistent economic weakness in the eurozone and slowing growth in China.
But powerful central bankers in those two crucial economies took bold steps Friday to try to jump-start ailing growth.
The latest examples of steroid-like stimulus for global markets came overnight, when China cut interest rates for the first time since July 2012 following a “series of weak growth and inflation data,” according to Barclays. Adding to the bullish mood in global markets were comments from Draghi in a speech, where he said the ECB is prepared to take additional steps and step up asset purchases in an effort to stimulate the economy. Draghi said the ECB was prepared to “broaden even more the channels we intervene”.

Why Jay Leno Snubbed the Gun Lobbyreddit
America's gun lobby discovered that the nation's epidemic of gun violence is no laughing matter. On Thursday, comedian Jay Leno cancelled his speaking gig at a gun industry event  less than 24 hours after three reform groups launched a petition asking the former "Tonight Show" host to disassociate himself from the gun group.
Leno was scheduled to appear at the 2015 Shooting, Hunting, Outdoor Trade (SHOT) Show on behalf of the National Shooting Sports Foundation (NSSF), the trade association for the gun industry.  On Wednesday, the group's website claimed that tickets were "going fast" for the NSSF's "State of the Industry" dinner on January 20, 2015 at the Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas. It said that Leno's appearance was  "the highlight" of the event.
Ironically, NSSF is headquartered in Newtown, Conn., only three miles from Sandy Hook Elementary School, where six adults and 20 first-grade children were killed in a mass shooting in December 2012.
On Wednesday, after learning of Leno's scheduled gig, the Newtown Action Alliance , the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence , and the Campaign to Unload sprung into action,  circulating an online petition asking Leno to cancel his SHOT Show appearance.  Another group,  Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, which urges corporate restaurants and retailers to ban guns in their stores, also launched a social media campaign to persuade Leno to reconsider his NSSF appearance.  "Dear @JayLeno: There's no comedy in over 31k Americans dying per year from gun violence," the group twitted. "Sincerely, @MomsDemand #JokesOnLeno."
"I was shocked," said Po Murray, chair of the Newtown Action Alliance, an all-volunteer group formed after the Sandy Hook shooting.   "I figured [Leno] didn't know what they stand for." Murray, whose four children previously attended the Sandy Hook school and who lives in the same Newtown neighborhood where Adam Lanza, the Sandy Hook shooter, once lived, said, "We hope our petition will convince Mr. Leno to be reasonable and cancel his speech."
Within hours, more than 6,500 people had signed the petition.  Several media outlets, including Mother Jones and The Nation , reported on the groups' protest.  By the end of the day, Leno had backed out of the SHOT Show.  He called Newtown Action Alliance's Murray to tell her about his cancellation, explaining that he wasn't aware that the group was part of the gun lobby. Leno told Mother Jones,  "I understand it's Newtown, and of course I get it. It's just, sometimes, mistakes get made."
"When it came to his attention that this was actually a pro-gun lobby show, he immediately cancelled his appearance," Bruce Bobbins, spokesman for Leno, told MSNBC. Leno was told that he would be speaking at a sportsman show, which he assumed focused on hunting, according to Bobbins. "He found out that it was not what he was originally told it was, and he decided to cancel," he said.
Leno, who hosted "The Tonight Show" for 22 seasons, had never previously voiced public support for the NSSF or the gun lobby.   In fact, during  a  November 2013 "Tonight Show" interview with  conservative Sen. Ted Cruz, Leno asked the Texas politician why he opposed stricter gun control policies. In that interview, Leno asked Cruz , "Why is increased background checks not a good thing? ... No one is saying you can't have guns...You just have to pass a background check. Why is that bad?"   He told Cruz that without stronger laws "a complete psychopath can go to a gun show and buy half a dozen guns."
Gun control groups celebrated their success at getting Leno to cancel his gig, noting that it will reverberate beyond this one event.
"The writing is now on the wall for celebrities who would consider getting in bed with the gun lobby," said Josh Horwitz, executive director of the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence. "Don't do it.  Because if you do, your reputation and brand will be damaged forever, without repair."
The NSSF issued a statement after Leno turned his back on the organization.
"He unilaterally cancelled his promised appearance due to pressure from the anti-gun lobby, which included false statements about our industry and its commitment to genuine firearms safety, which we attempted to personally correct with him, but to no avail," the NSSF posted on its website.  "We are not deterred by their publicity seeking nor are we unfamiliar with the bullying political tactics of the gun control groups that seem to have as little respect for the First Amendment as they continually demonstrate with regard to the Second Amendment."
Other gun lobby groups and conservative media echoed NSSF's talking points. Cam Edwards, host of National Rifle Association-sponsored radio and TV shows, issued several tweats, one of which said  "You Are A Coward, Jay Leno."   In an article for the right-wing website Townhall.Com, Fox News' Katie Pavlich wrote :  "It's a shame Leno let dishonest and elitist liberal stooges bully him into bailing out on a great event with some of America's best people." The reactionary magazine Human Events called Leno "a coward who caves to liberal activists."
The NSSF has opposed all attempts to strengthen U.S. gun laws to prevent future tragedies. The association has accused gun violence prevention advocates of "seeking to destroy the Second Amendment" and lobbied against even the most modest proposals, such as universal background checks for all gun sales, a reform which is supported by 92% of gun owners nationally.
NSSF president Steve Sanetti even accused Newtown survivors who have advocated for tougher gun laws of reacting irrationally because they are "angry" and "fearful."
Formed in 1961, NSSF's members include gun manufacturers, distributors, retailers, shooting ranges, gun owners' clubs, and gun magazines.  The NSSF lobbies against limits on high capacity magazines and supports legislation allowing gun owners to carry concealed weapons. It has sought to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from regulating chemicals in ammunition.  NSSF has been the leader in working to rebrand assault rifles in general, and the AR-15 assault rifle like the one used in the Newtown tragedy in particular, as "modern sporting rifles," according to the Violence Policy Center.   NSSF has three blogs, named "Pull the Trigger." "First Shot News," and "Bullet Points."
NSSF's annual SHOT show, where gun enthusiasts mingle with gun and ammo manufacturers selling their wares,  is the group's major fundraising event. The group claims that last year's show drew 1,600 exhibitors and 70,000 participants.
According to a 2012 report by the Sunlight Foundation, NSSF has given more than $700,000 in campaign contributions.  According to the Center for Responsive Politics , NSSF spent $2.39 million in lobbying in 2014 so far.  The group works closely with the National Rifle Association.  Like the NRA, NSSF's board includes many representatives of the gun industry. Steve Sanetti, NSSF's president since 2008, is former president of Sturm, Ruger & Co, one of the nation's largest gun manufacturers. The chairman of NSSF's board is Robert L. Scott, the vice chairman of Smith & Wesson, another major gun maker.
Gun violence prevention advocates have long viewed the NSSF, along with the NRA, as major obstacles to gun reform.  Last April about 100 victims and survivors of gun violence and other advocates protested the corporate gun lobby's obstruction of sensible gun laws, such as expanded background checks, outside NSSF's annual Congressional Fly-In fundraising dinner in Washington, D.C.
During his 22 years as "The Tonight Show" host, Leno rarely voiced his political views on the air.  His confrontation with Ted Cruz over gun control was an exception.
But off-camera, Leno occasionally revealed his social conscience.
In 2000, Leno was scheduled to appear at the Society of Human Resource Management's (SHRM) annual convention in Las Vegas when he learned that one of the most notorious union-busting law firms in the country -- Jackson, Lewis -- was getting paid to make two "How to Stay Union Free" presentations at the conference.  Leno courageously announced that he'd refuse to appear at the SHRM unless it booted Jackson, Lewis off its agenda. Rather than lose Leno, SHRM cancelled the conference's union-busting seminar. This was quite a coup, considering that SHRM's chairman, Michael J. Lotito, was a partner at Jackson, Lewis.  At the time, Leno's union, the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (AFTRA) noted that Leno had always been a "stand-up guy" on union issues.
In May, Leno participated in a protest rally outside the Beverly Hills Hotel, one of two hotels owned by the Sultan of Brunei.  The demonstrators called for a boycott of two hotels after the country adopted a strict sharia law permitting death by stoning for "crimes" including gay sex.
Some of Leno's fans criticized the comedian when, in October 2003, he introduced former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger at his campaign victory party. Leno's spokesman denied that his appearance was an endorsement.
"I'm not conservative," Leno told the LA Weekly in 2004.  "I've never voted that way in my life."
Peter Dreier teaches Politics and chairs the Urban & Environmental Policy Department at Occidental College. His latest book is The 100 Greatest Americans of the 20th Century: A Social Justice Hall of Fame (Nation Books, 2012).
Follow Peter Dreier on Twitter: www.twitter.com/peterdreier
More:

Using a public restroom hand dryer You may be spreading bacteria all over the place.By Elahe Izadi November 21 Follow @ElaheIzadi
(Todd Arena/Big Stock Photo)
First things first: When you go to the bathroom, wash your hands properly when you're done. Seriously. This is not a drill .
But what to do with those wet hands? Putting them under a hand dryer could end up spreading bacteria in public restrooms, according to research conducted by University of Leeds scientists and  published in the Journal of Hospital Infection .
Researchers coated subjects' hands with Lactobacillus, a harmless bacteria that you don't typically come across in a public bathroom. The idea was to mimic hands that hadn't been washed properly. After drying hands, researchers went in and conducted 120 air-sampling tests. They found that Lactobacillus counts in the air were 4½ times higher near high-powered jet dryers than around warm-air dryers. And bacteria counts were 27 times higher near warm-air dryers than when subjects used paper towels.
"Next time you dry your hands in a public toilet using an electric hand dryer, you may be spreading bacteria without knowing it," University of Leeds School of Medicine professor and study lead Mark Wilcox said in a statement . "You may also be splattered with bugs from other people's hands."
Another set of subjects coated their hands in paint to mimic how bacteria could be spreading.
The European Tissue Symposium, a group of tissue-product makers, funded the research. A spokesperson for Dyson, a company that makes hand dryers, told the Telegraph that the research was flawed. "They have tested glove-covered hands, which have been contaminated with unrealistically high levels of bacteria, and not washed," she said.
Previous research has looked more closely at the amount of bacteria left on the hands of people using hand dryers versus paper towels, and found that one of the biggest keys to reducing bacteria was getting hands as dry as possible. A 2011 study published in the Journal of Applied Microbiology found that paper towels consistently out-performed hand dryers. For that study, subjects handled chicken and then washed their hands, in order to replicate a common scenario.
What you do with your hands under a dryer makes a big difference: The 2011 study found that people who kept their hands still under dryers reduced almost the same amount of bacteria as those using paper towels. But rubbing hands together under a dryer actually spreads more bacteria around.
The 2011 study also suggested that ultra-rapid hand dryers could be superior to the warm-air dryers, given that the shorter drying time means likely greater compliance among users.
(There is also the separate and ongoing debate over the environmental impact of using paper products versus hand dryers.)
There isn't widespread agreement on which kind of hand dryer is better, as noted in a 2012 review  of 12 previous studies, which was published in the peer-reviewed journal Mayo Clinic Proceedings. But, the authors write, from a hygiene standpoint, drying with paper towels is superior to using air dryers. "Paper towels should be recommended in locations where hygiene is paramount, such as hospitals and clinics," they say.

Dow 18 345 13 stocks that could make it happenDow 18,345! 13 stocks making it happen
By: Matt Krantz November 21, 2014 12:25 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Dow 18,000. It’s not just a dream anymore. If analysts’ price targets are right — the Dow Jones industrial average is on its way to 18,345.
Applying the world famous Dow multiplier to analysts’ published 18-month price targets for the 30 stocks in the Dow reveals that 18,000 is a record about to be broken.
If analysts’ targets are right — the Dow Jones industrial average is on pace to hit 18,345 in 18 months or less. That would be a modest 2.9% increase from current levels. That might not sound all that impressive, but remember that it would be yet another record high for the market measure. Remember, too, that averages obscure the extremes.
Specifically, analysts see better than average gains in 13 of the Dow stocks, where they’re as a group expected to increase 8.5% over the next 18 months.
Calling for rebound in battered energy stocks, Chevron (CVX) is the Dow stock that analysts have the highest hopes for. The 18-month price target on the energy company is $133.27, which is a 13% gain for Friday’s price of $117.86.
Analysts are also bullish on sleepy drugmaker, Pfizer (PFE) . Shares are grinding around $30.40, but analysts see the stock trading 13% higher at $34.23 in 18 months or less.
Getting to 18,345 isn’t as much of a leap as it might seem. But investors paying attention might have a shot of jumping ahead if the analysts’ forecasts pan out.
DOW STOCKS WHERE ANALYSTS SEE THE HIGHEST UPSIDE THE NEXT 18 MONTHS
Company

Is immigration reform the housing markets big hopeBy Dina ElBoghdady November 21 Follow @DinaWaPo
Two men listen to President Obama's speech on his executive action on immigration reform in a storage room at Restaurant Santa Cecilia in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Los Angeles Times, Barbara Davidson)
About a year ago, President Obama showed up at a Phoenix high school to promote changes to immigration law, just as he did Friday at a high school in Las Vegas, where he worked to rally support for his decision to protect millions of illegal immigrants from deportation.
The focus of the speech back then was responsible homeownership, not immigration. But he insisted the two are closely tied. “When more people buy homes and play by the rules, home values go up for everybody, and according to one recent study, the average homeowner has already seen the value of their home boosted by thousands of dollars just because of immigration,” Obama said.
More recently, the administration’s top housing officials have echoed that point, sometimes emphasizing the potential of the Hispanic community. Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro has said that Hispanics “truly are the future” of the housing market. This month, Castro told The Washington Post that if changes in immigration law provided more certainty for this nation’s 11 million undocumented people  “you will see more folks who now are in limbo deciding in the future to actually purchase a home.”
So are Hispanics a particularly powerful force in shaping the housing market? They will be. But as a community, they also have their challenges, especially when it comes to homeownership.
One in four Millennials is Hispanic. Millennials – the nation’s largest and most diverse generation ever – are just entering adulthood and starting to make their own housing decisions. Of all the minority groups in that generation, Hispanics make up the largest share, according to an analysis by Experian Marketing Services.
Source: Experian Marketing Services
Hispanics are moving into homeownership more rapidly than other racial groups. Hispanics are likely to account for 180,000 to 220,000 new homeowners per year between 2010 and 2020, and even more in the 2020s, according to the Urban Institute.
Rolf Pendall, director of the institute's Metropolitan Housing and Communities Policy Center, analyzed homeownership trends by race based on three scenarios. The one that would lead to the fastest growth in homeownership rates assumes a strong economy and policies that encourage home purchases, such as a favorable lending environment for low-income borrowers.
Even under the “medium” scenario, Hispanics would account for 55.5 percent of new homeowners between 2010 and 2020, said Pendall, who based his analysis on U.S. Census Bureau data.
Sources: 1990, 2000, 2010 Census of Population and Housing; 2020 and 2030 are Urban Institute projections
based on slow, medium, and fast economic growth and weak, medium, and strong support for homeownership.
Assumes U.S. Census Bureau's 2012 mid-range population projection by race.
 
Hispanics are set to become even more of a force in the 2020s. That’s the decade when the number of white homeowners will be declining, in part because the predominantly-white Boomer generation will be “exiting out of homeownership,” to put it delicately, Pendall said. Keep in mind that the first Boomers were born in 1945, so they’re now entering their 70s.
As for white Millennials, they’re a bigger wild card than the Hispanics of their generation, Pendall added. Homeownership rates among young whites were up in the '90s and down the next decade, but they’ve been consistently trending higher for young Hispanics.
The immigration changes that Obama is making could nudge the numbers upwards for Hispanics by giving those who are unauthorized more secure status, Pendall said.  But it’s important to note that the majority of Hispanics in the United States are native-born, not immigrants. The number of unauthorized immigrants in this country has not grown since the recession hit largely because migration from Mexico has slowed down, according to the Migration Policy Institute.
Hispanics still face many barriers to homeownership. While the recession ended five years ago, the economic conditions for Hispanics haven’t improved much, and that cuts into their ability to own homes.
Between 2010 and 2013, the median income fell 9 percent for Hispanic families, compared to just 1 percent for white families, according to the Federal Reserve Board’s most recent Survey of Consumer Finances. In the same time period, the median net worth of white families rose 2 percent to $142,000, but the median for Hispanic families fell 17 percent to $18,100.
“Latinos and Latino families were adversely affected by the housing downturn, and even during the recovery they continued to fall behind,” said Enrique Lopezlira, a senior policy adviser at the National Council of La Raza. “Latinos are still losing income pretty substantially.”
Lopezlira cited research from the National Employment Law Project, which found that 35 percent of the job gains among Hispanics from 2007 to 2012 came from low wage jobs even though low wage jobs represented only 6 percent of the jobs lost.
Add to that the fact that many immigrants have limited credit histories in the United States, and it’s no wonder that Hispanics are having a tough time qualifying for a mortgage. In the wake of the housing bust, lenders have tightened up their lending standards even beyond what the government requires for mortgages that are backed by the federal government.
Here's a look at the lending landscape for now:
 
Source: Joint Center for Housing Studies, 2014 State of the Nation's Housing report
But there's hope.  Lopezlira points to analyses from  the Economic Policy Institute and the Center for American Progress, which project that wages for unauthorized immigrants will improve 8 to 9 percent because of the president's executive action, which presumably could help some of them qualify for mortgages.
 

Holiday tech shopping: Smartphones and tabletsHere's a look at what's new and interesting among smartphones and tablets.
iPhone 6
(Photo by Yoshikazu Tsuno/AFP/Getty Images)
Get it: If you must have the latest iPhone
Skip it: If you’re super happy with your current phone accessories
Price: Starts at $650. $200 with a two-year contract
What’s there to say, really? The iPhone 6 is the latest flagship smartphone from Apple and improves on the previous model in all the usual ways. It’s lighter, brighter and — for a twist — bigger than its predecessor. This phone has a 4.7-inch screen, a bit of a bump from the four-inch screen on the iPhone 5s. It also has a faster processor and new camera features that let you shoot in slow motion. New smartphone chips also mean you can pay for things by tapping your iPhone against some card readers (with fingerprint authentication, of course). There’s also a nascent health data program designed to help you track your fitness; that still needs some work. Overall, the improvements make it well worth having to buy a new case for your phone.
iPhone 6 Plus
Get it: If you really love watching movies on your phone
Skip it: If your pocket is your favorite place to keep your phone
Price: Starts at $750. $300 with a two-year contract
In this corner, weighing in at 5.5 inches is the iPhone 6 Plus, a godsend for Apple fans who want to ditch their tablets. Apple’s given the iPhone 6 Plus all the bells and whistles it gave the 6 — payment chips, health data tracking and faster performance — plus better battery life and software that makes shaky phone videos look rock solid. The extra screen real estate also makes it great for doing a little more serious work. For video watching and filming, the iPhone 6 Plus is wonderful. Still, it will stretch your pocket and your pocketbook.
Nexus 6
(Photo by Jewel Samad/AFP/Getty Images)
Get it: If the screen is all that matters to you
Skip it: If you want a big phone to shoot lots of video
Price: $650. $250 with a two-year contract
The Nexus 6, the latest co-branded effort from Google and Motorola, is a monster of a phone with a six-inch screen. It comes with the advantages of being as pure a Google phone as you can get. It has Google’s latest Android operating system, Lollipop, and its layout has none of the annoying clutter that often plagues other Android phones. This phone is powerful, has a gorgeous screen and is seriously ready for all your video and work needs. It has some drawbacks as well. While its screen is great for video, the phone doesn’t have a great camera to shoot with, especially as compared with others of its size and price. That’s not enough to mar an all-around great phone, but still worth considering.
HTC One M8
Get it: If you want an all-around fantastic phone
Skip it: If you want a status piece
Price: $650. $200 with a two-year contract
The HTC One M8 is solid from stem to stern. Though a little heftier than other phones of its size, this 4.7-inch-screened beauty boasts a nice body, a good screen and strong performance. It also has front-facing speakers, which make it easy to share music and videos without muffling the sound. Yet it doesn’t have standout features strong enough to lure dedicated iPhone or Samsung Galaxy users into its fold. Even a nifty camera feature that lets users change the focus of a picture after the snap doesn’t lift it over the edge. Luckily, the HTC One M8 also has the unusual distinction of having both Android and Windows Phone models, which gives users a little more flexibility than its rivals.
Lumia 635
Get it: For a low-priced phone that’s a good value
Skip it: If you have to have the latest apps
Price: $168. Free with a two-year contract
Microsoft doesn’t get a lot of recognition for its phones, but the 4.5-inch Lumia 635 is a standout in the field thanks to its relatively low price. Windows Phone may not have a lot of converts, but for those who use a lot of Microsoft products such as the Office suite, OneDrive or Skype, this phone offers a lot of smart integration. It also has Cortana, Microsoft’s answer to Siri, which works a little more conversationally and smoothly than its Apple counterpart. Microsoft suffers on the app front — the latest and greatest can take a while to show up on its phones, if at all — but if you want a good phone at a low price, give this one a whirl.
Galaxy Note 4
(Photo by Seong Joon Cho/Bloomberg)
Get it: If handwritten notes and scribbles are your thing
Skip it: If you have a tablet
Price: $750. $300 with a two-year contract
Another entrant in the phone-tablet hybrid world, the 5.7-inch Galaxy Note 4 is looking not only to satisfy your need for both types of devices, but also to supplant the old-fashioned notepad. It has a stylus to make doodles and quick notes and an easy method for annotating. It’s certainly not a device for everyone — lots of people were happy to leave the stylus behind with the Palm Pilot — but Samsung has smartly integrated some handwriting recognition and other useful bits of software to make the extra accessory feel like more than an afterthought. The new Galaxy Note, with its textured plastic case, feels a bit cheaper than its competitors, but it packs just as much power and polish in its software.
Droid Turbo
Get it: If you want a super-powerful phone
Skip it: If you’re not on Verizon and don’t want to be
Price: $650. $200 with a two-year contract
Another Motorola phone, the Droid Turbo, is every bit as powerful as its name suggests and scores high on marks for performance. The phone also has an interesting, tightly woven fabric back, which makes it pleasant to hold. The 5.2-inch screen means that it, too, requires a little extra pocket room. In many ways, the Droid Turbo is on par with its slimmer sibling, the Moto X, but edges it out on power and battery life. The main drawback — or at least limiting factor — of the Droid Turbo is that it’s a Verizon exclusive. Sure, Verizon is the nation’s largest wireless carrier, but that still doesn’t mean everyone’s on it; if you’re thinking of gifting this phone, make sure your recipient is.
iPad Air 2
The iPad Air 2 is shown on the right. (Photo by Glenn Chapman/Getty Images)
Get it: For a top-of-the-line tablet
Skip it: If you’re not desperate for a tablet upgrade
Price: $500
Just as it did for its phones, Apple applied the “thinner, lighter, faster” method of upgrades to its super-thin iPad Air 2, which is thinner than a standard pencil. The tablet also has a faster processor, Apple’s TouchID fingerprint scanner and a super-sharp screen. For all of its sleek beauty, the iPad Air 2 doesn’t surpass by leaps and bounds its predecessor, released just last year. If you really want the fingerprint-reader technology — something parents in particular like for limiting screen time — then think about an upgrade. Otherwise, while the iPad Air 2 is a great present to give to anyone looking for a new tablet, it’s not a must-have device.
Kindle Fire HD 7
Get it: If you want a durable, high-quality tablet for less
Skip it: If you want a full-fledged tablet
Price: $140
For a tablet devoted to pure consumption, it’s hard to beat the Kindle Fire line. It’s not exactly great for getting work done, but it does the trick if you just want to sit back, unplug from work and take in some entertainment. Amazon put this one through the wringer to make sure it can stand up to all of life’s daily tumbles — it has a kid-friendly version with squishy sides if you need more cushioning — and produced a high-quality tablet for a low price. Of course, that means the tablet is designed to keep you reading, watching and buying things through Amazon — so buyer beware if you’d rather be on a different platform. (Disclosure: Amazon chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos is the owner of The Washington Post.)
Surface Pro 3
(Photo by Stan Honda/AFP/Getty Images)
Get it: If you’re looking for a tablet that can double as a laptop
Skip it: If you want to use it more for play than work
Price: $800
Microsoft’s latest entry in the tablet market, the Surface Pro 3, has smoothed out many of the growing pains that held it back in the past. The original version felt too betwixt and between as it hovered between tablet and laptop; the latest version is definitely a device on which you can do serious work. A kickstand in back lets you angle the device any way you want, so you can work in cramped airline seats or sit back and watch something with ease. The Surface Pro 3 is better for work than play, thanks to the apps that run best on it. But you can’t get any real work done without the $130 type cover (or keyboard), sold separately, so figure that into the price.

Central banks set Wall St. up for fifth straight weekly gainWall Street drops with energy shares; global data disappoints
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Energy <.SPNY> was easily the worst-performing S&P sector, down 3.8 percent, as Brent crude  fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. The index is down more than 10 percent for the year, making it the only one of the 10 major S&P sectors in negative territory for the year. [O/R]
But most growth-oriented sectors were down on Monday as well, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped 6.7 percent in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter.
In response to falling oil prices, ConocoPhillips  said its capital budget for 2015 would drop 20 percent to $13.5 billion. Conoco shares lost 3.6 percent.
"I think people are looking at the potential ripple effects from the slide in oil. You're seeing some of these ripple effects today," said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles.
Several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, which may be due to some year-end profit-taking, James said. Among them, Apple  was down 2.4 percent, while GoPro  shares were down 5.3 percent.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 118.34 points, or 0.66 percent, to 17,840.45, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 16.76 points, or 0.81 percent, to 2,058.61 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 47.53 points, or 0.99 percent, to 4,733.22.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,197 to 870, for a 2.53-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,942 issues fell and 772 advanced for a 2.52-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
Concerns over the global economy were offset by signs of strength in the U.S. economy, including Friday's payrolls report. The S&P 500 closed Friday's session with its 49th record of the year, and is up more than 11 percent from an October low.
McDonald's  shares lost 3.7 percent after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Meredith Mazzilli)

Updates to stories previously covered at The WatchBy Radley Balko November 21 Follow @radleybalko
Over the past several weeks, there have been a number of developments to stories we’ve been following here at The Watch. A quick roundup:
In Ferguson, Mo., they’re of course still awaiting the announcement on whether the grand jury has indicted Officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of Michael Brown. But since my September report on how municipal courts in St. Louis County prey on the poor, there have been a couple of positive signs. First, a panel called the St. Louis County Municipal Court Improvement Committee has recommended a slate of wholesale changes to the municipal court system. The panel is led by Frank Vatterott, a municipal judge in Overland. Second, 65 St. Louis County municipalities announced an amnesty program this week for outstanding warrants for misdemeanor offenses. That’s more of a temporary fix that will do little to address the underlying problems, but it may help some folks in the short term.
In August I wrote about the many problems with the grand jury system in Harris County, Tex., which critics say allows grand juries to be stacked with friends of judges and prosecutors. I posted a follow-up about one cop in particular who had served on at least 10 grand juries. Both posts were based on reporting that Lisa Falkenberg of the Houston Chronicle has done on Alfred Dewayne Brown, a man indicted by one of those grand juries who was then convicted and sentenced to death. This month, a Texas appeals court overturned Brown’s conviction . A Houston lawyers’ group is now pushing for an investigation of the prosecutor in the case, who is now retired. There is talk of reforming the county’s grand jury system, an issue that also came up in the election for district attorney.
We’ve also been following the story of how local police are using “Stingray” devices to sweep up cellphone data — often without a warrant — and then failing to disclose that information to defense attorneys. The secrecy is likely due to nondisclosure agreements that local police sign with the federal government and/or the manufacturer of the product and is often justified for national security reasons, even though these local investigations are often for routine crimes with no such implications. This week, the Baltimore Sun reported that prosecutors opted to drop burglary and gun charges against a defendant rather than comply with a judge’s order to turn over information about how the Stingray was used.
  I posted in July about a brewing scandal involving allegations that Maryland Transportation Authority Police faked the certification papers of a drug dog. Baltimore City Paper  posted an update to the story yesterday , based on new court filings by both sides in the case.
Finally, on Monday I put up a long post about the latest federal court ruling in the ongoing saga of Steven Hayne, the controversial Mississippi medical examiner whose testimony, workload and credibility have been called into question. In that post, I talked about how the deadlines imposed by federal law on new evidence discovered during post-conviction can allow procedure to preempt justice. On that broader point, the newly launched criminal justice site the Marshall Project posted a great two-part series (also published here at The Washington Post ) on those same legal issues with respect to death penalty cases. As to Hayne specifically, there’s also a corruption scandal unfolding in Mississippi that led to an indictment of Chris Epps, the state’s commissioner of corrections. But also indicted was Cecil McCrory, a longtime business associate of Hayne’s . In fact, Hayne has testified in depositions and previous court cases that the bulk of his fees for performing autopsies in the state went to one of the businesses he co-owned with McCrory. I’ve found Hayne’s finances to be fairly impenetrable in my years of reporting on him, but these indictments may start to open them up.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

The next battle in the war over deportationsEven as President Obama addressed the nation about his plan to shield millions of people from deportation, immigration advocacy organizations were celebrating. So were undocumented immigrants around the country who now can temporarily step out of the shadows and more openly participate in American life .
Now comes the next big challenge: Will the plan work? Will enough people sign up to make it a durable success?
Republicans are preparing to fight the plan with legislation rolling it back, or targeted government funding fights, or even another lawsuit. There will be weeks of Apocalyptic rhetoric vowing maximum resistance to Obama’s “executive amnesty.” The game plan seems partly designed to kick up a lot of noise in hopes of driving down public support for the plan, making it harder for Democrats to hold the line amid a sustained shutdown confrontation.
But immigration advocates fear all the Republican attacks could produce another effect, whether as collateral damage or by design: Making undocumented immigrants less likely to sign up. This possibility — which carries echoes of last year’s battle over Obamacare — could compromise the plan’s long term’s prognosis.
“Republicans will be trying to minimize sign-ups; advocates will be trying to maximize them,” Frank Sharry, the executive director of America’s Voice, tells me. “The question is whether a consensus takes hold in the immigrant community that signing up is worth the risk. I think we’ll get critical mass. But it will be a challenge.”
The question is whether all the political controversy frightens people from coming forward. Deferred action requires the undocumented to put themselves on the books. If the program is perceived to be vulnerable — to short term legislative or legal attacks, or to a GOP president who might get elected in two short years — immigrants might decide not to take the chance.
The state of Texas may sue to block the plan; notorious Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio plans to do the same . And there could be a lot of this: Two prominent supporters of Obama’s executive action, Simon Rosenberg and David Leopold, are warning of a “full-on assault” in the courts and on the state level to “obstruct undocumented families from participating in an expanded deferred deportation process.”
In her big feature piece on Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , Dara Lind explained how one measure of the program’s success has been, well, how many people it brought out of the shadows. It has reached around half of the 1.2 million people who are eligible.
Around four million people are eligible for temporary deportation relief under Obama’s new plan. Congressional Democrats and immigration advocacy groups are currently working on plans to maximize signups through organizing and outreach. GOP Rep. Luis Gutierrez, in particular, has used many media appearances to push people to sign up, arguing that above all, people should realize that their best hope is strength in numbers.
All of this carries high political stakes going forward. If the political battle over the program gets really nasty and brutish and drags on for weeks, and Republican attacks take hold, it could dissuade people from signing up. The whole thing could sink.
On the other hand, it’s one thing for Republicans to attack the program right now, before sign-ups start. If sign-ups go well next year, once it gets going, all of a sudden Republicans — who will continue to push to roll back the plan — will be in a position of demanding that a lot of people either get deported or driven back underground. GOP presidential primary candidates who are pledging undying resistance to plan will also be locked into a “maximum deportations” stance, pulling the party further to the right in advance of the 2016 general election.
 
 
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Holiday tech shopping: Video games for older playersA look at video games for older players.
Destiny
Get it: For something you can play for hours — or just a few minutes
Skip it: If your Internet connection isn’t so good
Price: $60. Available on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One
Whether you’re interested in a marathon session or just a short one to detox after a long day, “Destiny” has got the mission for you. This online multiplayer game is designed for all kinds of play, whether you want to wander lonely or storm Mars with your best buds. The game, set in a post-apocalyptic world where you fight the forces of darkness, offers essentially free rein to explore and enjoy. No matter how you play, you’ll be able to engage with other players from around the world, giving the game a nice community feel. Still, there is a flip side: All the online play means that “Destiny” is frustrating if you don’t have a reliable Internet connection.
Sunset Overdrive
(Image courtesy of Insomniac Games)
Get it: If you like games with a little quirk
Skip it: If frenetic isn’t your preferred pace
Price: $60. Available on Xbox One
“Sunset Overdrive” is a game with style — and a lot of it. If you had to describe this game in two words, they might be “neon” and “explosions.” But since we have more room, we can go on to describe how this new title from Insomniac Games offers a big ol’ dose of crazy fun. Set in a world where an energy drink has turned much of the world into monsters, the game is infused with a sort of goofy joy that makes just exploring the world an adventure. It’s not a perfect hit. The fighting can get a little repetitive, and, yes, occasionally the in-your-face humor wears thin. Overall, it’s a nice new world you’ll be happy to revisit.
Civilization: Beyond Earth
Get it: If you like the long game
Skip it: If you don’t have a lot of time to devote to playing
Price: $50. Available on PC
If we found out tomorrow that we’d have to leave planet Earth, how would you choose to remake humanity? That’s the driving question behind “Civilization: Beyond Earth,” which puts players in the shoes of human settlers on a far-off planet. The game, an evolution of the long-running historical strategy “Civilization” series, asks players not only to build a colony but also to make tough philosophical decisions about how to organize a society. The game lets you do that in any number of ways, including choosing how to deal with native species, making tough research decisions and playing diplomat with other settlers. The game is complex and occasionally slow, but it should appeal to the control freak in us all. Just make sure you’ve got lots of time to play.
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare
(Image courtesy of ActiVision)
Get it: For a serious, well-paced and thoughtful shooter
Skip it: If you prefer lighter fare
Price: $60. Available on Xbox One and PlayStation 4
The “Call of Duty” mega-franchise had started to show its age a bit. Even devoted fans were worrying that it was out of new tricks. With “Advanced Warfare,” however, Activision showed that it still has some spark, offering a game that’s fun to play and interesting to think about, too. The game drops players in a not-too-distant future where warfare is the province of powerful private companies in control of high-tech soldiers in exoskeletons. As for the game itself, this is probably the fastest-paced installment we’ve seen in years, with an interactive environment full of pleasant surprises. Kevin Spacey — yes, that Kevin Spacey — caps it off with a great performance as a bad guy that you secretly love, all amid well-paced, exciting gameplay.
Grand Theft Auto V (Rerelease for new consoles)
(Image courtesy of Rockstar Games)
Get it: If you’ve loved the previous GTA games
Skip it: If you’re squeamish about digital violence
Price: $60. Available on Xbox One and PlayStation 4
Grand Theft Auto V arrived in 2013, but an update for the latest consoles has hit — in a big way — just in time for the holiday season. It offers a first-person view that changes the game, bringing players even closer to the carjacking, shooting and entirely scandalous action. Rockstar Games has made a good-looking game even better on the new consoles, a particular plus for the expansive world the studio created for this title. Grand Theft Auto V is still a GTA game, though, and there’s a reason it earned its “Mature” rating (for players 17 and up). Without spoiling anything, there’s a lot here that’s in no way suitable for children — and may make adults squeamish, too.

In Hong Kong  apartments that could fit inside abedroomFor many young adults who live packed and stacked in with their parents, it is becoming harder to imagine having a place to call their own.
By: New York Times | Posted: November 22, 2014 2:08 am
There are breathtaking views of Victoria Harbor from a 23rd-floor apartment that recently sold for $7,22,000 in the new Le Riviera building. The high-end German appliances and marble countertops evoke European luxury. In the entrance of the building, colourful wire mesh sculptures by Spanish artists hang from the ceiling.
There is just one catch. The apartment is only 275 square feet, with a bedroom just large enough to accommodate a double bed.
“If we don’t buy now, we might not be able to afford it later,” said Frank Wu, 60, the new owner of this so-called microflat in Shau Kei Wan, a former fishing village on the northeastern edge of Hong Kong Island.
Real estate in Hong Kong defies logic. The city is one of the most expensive places in the world to live and it has smashed one real estate record after another for years. As property costs continue to soar, even once improbable living spaces are now getting snapped up at astronomical prices.
At Le Riviera, three-quarters of the units sold so far have been microflats like the one Wu purchased. And Hong Kong developers are putting smaller and smaller units on the market — one recently built 165-square-foot apartments.
But the housing boom, and the inequality it has exposed, has been taking a toll. The high property costs faced by young people added to simmering discontent that prompted tens of thousands to take to the streets in pro-democracy protests this autumn.
For many young adults who live packed and stacked in with their parents, it is becoming harder to imagine having a place to call their own.
Rents have skyrocketed. And some here now worry that the real estate market could stumble, particularly if the United States Federal Reserve starts to raise interest rates next year. Lending in Hong Kong is tied to the American rates.
Speaking in her office down the street from the Le Riviera, To Pui-lui, a real estate agent who has sold two units of similar size in the building, hints at looming trouble ahead. She recently advised her daughter, a doctor, against buying right now. “It’d be disastrous if the price falls from such a high point,” To said.
Since a low point of Hong Kong’s property market in 2003, average house prices have increased by more than 300 per cent, according to data from the Centa-City Index, which is compiled by the real estate agency Centaline and the City University of Hong Kong.
Helping propel this rise has been Hong Kong’s thriving economy, which significantly expanded over the last 10 years after the rapid growth of China. Strong demand from wealthy mainland Chinese and limited land continued…

Have a real estate gift Factor in taxrulesIn this article, income tax implications on gift of property have been outlined.
Posted: November 22, 2014 2:04 am
By Prashant Bhojwani
Real estate occupies a substantial share of an individual’s asset base and it is not uncommon for ownership of real estate (referred to as property) to pass on to family members by way of a gift or under a will.
A gift in common parlance means something given voluntarily without payment in return (i.e. for ‘Nil’ consideration), while the meaning as per the Transfer of Property Act, 1882 is transfer of certain existing moveable or immoveable property made voluntarily and without consideration, by one person to another. Generally, a gift of property is documented in writing by a gift deed.
In this article, income tax implications on gift of property (held as an investment i.e. a “capital asset”) have been outlined. A gift is commonly understood as a transfer of an asset from one person to another. However, ‘gift’ is a disregarded ‘transfer’ for the purposes of computing income under the head ‘capital gains’. In other words, there should not be any income tax payable or loss allowable for the donor on account of the gift transaction. This is on the presumption that the genuineness of the gift transaction is not under question.
Now, coming to the income tax implications for the recipient on account of the gift transaction. In cases where an individual taxpayer receives an immovable property without consideration from another individual, then income tax implications need to be evaluated in the hands of such recipient, being an individual. In this connection, following is the taxability mechanism in the hands of the recipient, being an individual:
# Immovable property received “without consideration”: If the stamp duty value exceeds Rs 50,000, the stamp duty value of such property would be taxable as income.
The above aspect is explained by way of an illustration.
The income on account of the gift transaction (as outlined above) is taxable in the hands of the recipient, being an individual under the head ‘income from other sources’ and taxable at normal tax rates (as per applicable income slabs). Following are the exceptions in respect of taxability of gift transactions:
# Gift received from relatives (refer chart below for definition of relatives) or
# Gift received on the occasion of the wedding of the recipient or
# Gift received in contemplation of death of the donor.
In case of the above exceptions, income is not considered taxable in the hands of the recipient, being an individual and this is explained below by way of an illustration.
The following additional aspects are of relevance in case of gift transactions and should be noted:
# In cases where real estate become the property of the taxpayer on account of receipt of gift and that transfer is disregarded for the purposes of computing ‘capital gains’, the cost of such real estate for the donor would be considered as the cost continued…

Apex court lifts its order restraining WildlifeBoardPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 2:04 am
In a reprieve for the government, the Supreme Court Friday lifted its order that restrained the National Board for Wildlife (NBWL) from executing any decision taken by it. The court agreed to vacate the three-month-long restraint order after it was informed that the Board had been reconstituted to accommodate adequate independent expert members.
The order is likely to pave way for progress of more than 100 projects that were cleared by the NBWL but were left in the lurch owing to the court’s order in August. These projects, according to the officials, would need a re-affirmation from the reconstituted Board.
The NBWL, chaired by the Prime Minister, is the apex body under the Wildlife Protection Act to review all wildlife-related matters. Its standing committee, headed by the Union Environment Minister, is empowered to appraise all projects that fall within or around national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and tiger reserves. In August, the Green Bench of the SC questioned the validity of its formation and restrained the NBWL from executing any decision taken by it, thereby putting on hold more than 100 projects cleared.
The bench had said: “We are of the view that the same (the notification altering the constitution of the NBWL in the impugned manner) was not issued in consonance of the Section 5A of the Wildlife Protection Act.”

Choosing pliable directors led to mishaps  saysJaitleyPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 2:01 am
Expressing concern over the state of the Central Bureau of Investigation, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said that appointments made to have pliable directors and officers have led to “mishaps”.
Pointing out that at one time, extremely serious cases were given to the CBI for a conclusive investigation, Jaitley, who was addressing the Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, said, “Look at what we have done to the CBI. We had appointments made to have pliable directors and then mishaps would occur.”
His comments come at a time when the Supreme Court has ordered CBI director Ranjit Sinha not to interfere in the 2G scam probe.
Jaitley said that he, along with External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, had also raised concerns over Sinha’s appointment in 2012.
Sinha was appointed CBI chief by the former UPA government in November 2012. At the time, Jaitley and Swaraj were the leaders of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha respectively.
The two were also part of the select committee on the Lokpal Bill, which had favoured a collegium system to select the CBI chief.
“At 11 am, that report was to be tabled and this appointment was made the previous evening at 9 pm. The next day Sushma Swaraj and I wrote to the Prime Minister (Manmohan Singh) that on what criteria have you done this…,” he recalled.
Jaitley also said that there is a need to review the Prevention of Corruption Act. “Several provisions and definitions in the accountability law for public servants have become obsolete. These require a re-look,” he said while responding to a query on privatisation.
While underlining his support to privatisation in some sectors, Jaitley said, “How do you go for privatisation when 12 years later the CBI can wake up and register a case?”
He further said that his view is based on his experience as the disinvestment minister as well as the defence minister. During his term as defence minister, he said that he found officials tending to pass on files to successors.
“We can’t have a system which operates in this manner,” he said, adding that this is another area that should be looked at as part of the reform process.

Dish restores Turner channels to lineup... 
November 21, 2014 03:50 PM EST | Associated Press
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. (AP) — Turner Broadcasting channels such as Cartoon Network and CNN are back on the Dish network after being dropped from the satellite TV provider's lineup during contract extension talks.
Dish stopped carrying some of the Turner Broadcasting channels in October. The two companies said Friday that they mutually decided to restore the service but made no other comment.
Other Turner channels restored to Dish's programming include Boomerang, Adult Swim, HLN, truTV, CNN en Espanol and Turner Classic Movies. They also agreed to extend carrying TBS and TNT.
Shares of Englewood, Colorado-based Dish rose $1.61, or 2.2 percent, to $73.83 in afternoon trading. Shares of Turner Broadcasting parent Time Warner Inc. fell 57 cents to $80.02.

Executives brave frigid Detroit night for charity...and
versions
DETROIT (AP) — Some enveloped themselves in sleeping bags. Others relied largely on layering. All were cold and at least a little uncomfortable.
Forty business executives, college administrators and other professionals found out firsthand, for at least one night, what it's like to be homeless in Detroit.
Andrea Fischer Newman, senior vice president for government affairs at Delta Air Lines, and Wayne State University President M. Roy Wilson and his wife, Jacqueline Wilson, were among those given a pair of cardboard boxes and a sleeping bag for their night on an outdoor basketball court on the grounds of Covenant House Michigan, a nonprofit that offers support to the thousands of young people who are homeless in Detroit.
The "Sleep Out" Thursday night and early Friday was designed to raise money for Covenant House and awareness about youth homelessness.
"Most of us are bundled pretty well, but it's cold out," Jim Revas, a manager with insurer Zurich North America, said before bedding down for the night. It was 18 degrees at 3 a.m., but all participants managed to get some sleep.
"It really brings a lot of thought to what homeless youth have. Homeless youth don't have Land's End, North Face, Cabela's gear like we do," Revas said.
Covenant House Michigan does have more cash now, though, thanks to the "sleepers" who gave more than $200,000 in pledges and contributions.
The Detroit event was one of more than a dozen in cities across North America. Covenant House Michigan executive director Gerry Piro said 1,000 sleepers raised $4.5 million in all.
___
Online:
http://www.covenanthouse.org

Dow  S&P 500 push further into record territory... 
The Associated Press | November 21, 2014 04:12 PM EST | Associated Press
Stocks are pushing further into record territory as investors welcome a move by China to stimulate its economy by lowering interest rates.
Hints from the head of Europe's central bank that it might step up its own stimulus efforts also put investors in a buying mood Friday.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 10 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,063.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 91 points, also 0.5 percent, to 17,810. The Nasdaq composite added 11 points, or 0.2 percent, to 4,712.
The S&P 500 and the Dow are at record highs.
Material and energy stocks rose the most. Caterpillar jumped 4 percent, the biggest gain in the Dow.
Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.31 percent.

NYC man gets prison for role in cybercrime ring...and
versions
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) — A New York City man was sentenced Friday to more than three years in prison for his role in an international cybercrime ring that prosecutors say hacked into the computers of more than a dozen financial institutions and the U.S. military's payroll service.
Richard Gundersen received a 41-month prison term and was ordered to pay $88 million in restitution. He had pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit wire fraud, access device fraud and identity theft.
The 48-year-old Brooklyn man admitted working as a "casher" for the crew. That involved opening bank accounts in the names of identity theft victims, funded by money stolen as part of the conspiracy.
Prosecutors say the scheme was led by Oleksiy Sharapka, of Kiev, Ukraine, who served an 8 1/2-year sentence in federal prison in Massachusetts for a similar scheme. Prosecutors say the current scheme began around the time Sharapka was deported in 2012. He remains at large.
Financial institutions whose computer networks were hacked were Aon Hewitt, Automated Data Processing Inc., Citibank, E-Trade, Electronic Payments Inc., Fundtech Holdings LLC, iPayment Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, Nordstrom Bank, PayPal, TD Ameritrade, TIAA-CREF, USAA, Veracity Payment Solutions Inc. and the payroll arm of the U.S. Department of Defense.
Once inside the computer networks, the conspirators sought to divert money from customer accounts to prepaid debit cards they controlled, prosecutors said. As part of the scheme, cards were obtained in the names of people whose identities had been stolen. Stolen identities were also used to file fraudulent tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service seeking refunds.
The group sought to defraud the companies and their customers of $15 million, according to the U.S. attorney's office.
Two other members of the group were sentenced last month.

China joins other nations to boost growth...and
versions
BEIJING (AP) — China's central bank unexpectedly slashed interest rates on Friday to re-energize the world's No. 2 economy, joining a growing list of major economies that are trying to encourage growth in the face of a global slowdown.
The president of the European Central Bank said Friday he was ready to step up stimulus for the 18-country eurozone economy, where growth is meager and unemployment is soaring. And Japan's government this week delayed a tax increase after the country slipped back into recession. Japan's central bank late last month increased its purchases of government bonds and other assets to try to revive growth.
News of China's actions and the ECB's hints of further stimulus triggered a surge in stock markets, particularly in Europe. Germany's DAX rose 2.6 percent, while the Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.5 percent to close at a record high. Asian stocks had closed before the Chinese announcements.
Friday's moves highlighted an increasing divide in the global economy. The United States is showing signs of steady growth, prompting the Federal Reserve to rein in its stimulus efforts.
So far, the U.S. has escaped any drag from the slowdown overseas. Fed policymakers said at a meeting last month that the impact on the U.S. would be "quite limited."
Jay Bryson, a global economist at Wells Fargo Securities, said the U.S. is "relatively insulated" from overseas developments. Exports are a smaller source of growth than in other developed nations and many major employers, such as health care and education providers, are largely unaffected by overseas activity.
The slowdown in global growth is becoming an increasing concern for policymakers. Japan confirmed this week that it has fallen back into recession and will delay a tax increase to help consumer spending.
In Europe, it is not only weak growth but also the low inflation rate that is worrying the ECB. Low inflation or an outright drop in prices can weaken an economy further by encouraging delays in spending and investment. The economy of the 18-country eurozone grew by a scant 0.2 percent in the third quarter compared with the previous three months.
As indicators for the eurozone and global economy disappoint, ECB President Mario Draghi was firm in his message: "''We will do what we must to raise inflation and inflation expectations as fast as possible," he said in a speech in Frankfurt.
Of major economies, only the U.S. is considering raising interest rates. The Federal Reserve only recently ended a massive bond-buying program that helped reduce market interest rates because the economy is strengthening.
But the prospect of higher rates in the U.S. is exposing the country to a potentially painful rise in the dollar — currencies tend to strengthen with higher rates. The dollar hit a seven-year high against the yen, and jumped almost 1 percent against the euro on Friday. A stronger dollar makes it tougher for U.S. exporters to sell their goods internationally.
The People's Bank of China said it is trying to address "financing difficulties" caused by a shortage of credit. It also said the move was not a change in monetary policy and economic conditions are within an "appropriate range."
China's economic growth fell to a five-year low of 7.3 percent in the latest quarter and manufacturing and other indicators are declining. That has prompted suggestions Beijing might intervene to prop up growth.
The rate charged by banks for loans to each other rose this week to its highest level since early October, reflecting reduced availability of credit, a concern for Chinese economic planners.
"If necessary, the central bank will provide timely liquidity support," or extra credit to markets, it said in a separate statement.
The bank cut the rate on a one-year loan by commercial banks by 0.4 percentage points to 5.6 percent. The rate paid on a one-year savings was lowered by 0.25 point to 2.75 percent.
It was the first rate cut since July 2012, and comes after the Cabinet called this week for steps to reduce financing costs for industry to make the economy more efficient.
Bryson of Wells Fargo Securities said the bank's move would have only a limited impact on China's economy. But it does signal that Chinese officials' concerns about growth are rising, he said, a sign they may take further steps in the coming months.
In China, changes in interest rates have a limited direct effect on the government-dominated economy but are seen as a signal to banks to lend more and to state companies that they are allowed to step up borrowing.
"The reduction in the benchmark lending rate will mainly benefit the larger, typically state-owned firms that borrow from banks," said Mark Williams of Capital Economics in a report. Most of China's private companies cannot get loans from the state-owned banking industry and rely on an underground credit market.
"This does not necessarily signal that policymakers are going back on efforts to support smaller companies, or giving up on 'targeted easing,' but they apparently feel larger firms are now in need of support too."
___
AP Economics Writer Christopher S. Rugaber contributed to this report.

Mean mkt n lizard brainCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Uber s Legacy Hangs in the Balance: Digital Robber Baron or Respectable Innovatorreddit
Uber, the leading ridesharing company, has earned the distinction of becoming one of the most hated companies in the technology industry. One of its executives, Emil Michael, recently suggested to a large dinner gathering that his company should allocate $1 million to dig up dirt on reporters who were criticizing it. Last month, it tried to entice riders in Lyon, France, with ads pitching free pickups from attractive female drivers. In an interview with GQ earlier this year, Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick referred to his $18 billion company as "Boober" because it gained him "skyrocketing desirability" with women. The company has also received widespread criticism for treating its drivers as disposable entities.
The irony is that Uber may actually be doing humanity a service -- by paving the digital trails. Uber and its CEO are doing the same work as the industrialists who built the railroads and core infrastructure that catapulted the United States into global economic and industrial dominance in the 19th century. They exploited labor, corrupted governments, and built monopolies. They were so despised that they were called robber barons. Uber is also exploiting labor to some extent, but its disrepute is largely because of its arrogance and frat-boy behavior -- not only its business practices. And this behavior is only slowing the company down.
What Uber is building is not a tangible asset such as a steel mill, railroad, or oil pipeline, but their digital equivalent. It is creating an economy of scale that can connect people to transportation networks via smartphones -- a new form of "frictionless transactions."
Uber's first innovation was in the immediate availability of transportation. Uber's new carpooling feature has accomplished in a few months what cities, states, and companies have struggled to accomplish for decades -- functional shared private car usage. And now we are getting a glimpse of what is possible with Uber's announcement of delivery services for medicines and essential goods. It can create all sorts of new economic efficiencies.
Equally important, Uber is changing the way people think about cities, transportation, and ownership and is laying a psychological foundation -- a mental infrastructure -- for a post-ownership society. My son, Tarun , lives in a region of San Francisco that is poorly served by public transportation. Buses take forever, and cabs are unreliable. So, last year, after using Uber, Lyft, and other on-demand ride-sharing services, he sold his car. These services have made it much easier for him to get around and eliminated the hassles of finding a parking spot.
Just as it required a major mental leap for people to imagine cities after horses, building the mental framework to imagine cities after cars is no simple task. That is why stoops (staircases to apartment buildings) in New York are so high: They were designed to remain above the horse manure, and that thinking has never changed. Uber has already changed our thinking about transportation; it has paved the way for dozens of competitors, who can see the winning formula at work on our smartphones. Flip through the various Uber competitors, and you'll see software and user interfaces that are very similar to those that Uber has built. In that sense, Uber's monopoly on infrastructure is not as defensible as those of the traditional robber barons.
And, frankly, that's what mystifies me. You would think a company that has done such a great job building a digital infrastructure that's hard to defend would care more than it does about projecting a friendly image and about assisting the people working for it. You would expect greater social responsibility and less arrogance.
True, the Rockefellers, the Carnegies, and the Vanderbilts -- who were the most famous robber barons -- also made few friends during their ascendancy. And, as Kalanick does, they had a "winner-take-all" attitude and went to extreme lengths to build their visions. In the case of the railroads, the oil pipelines, or the steel mills, often this meant taking land away from people who did not want to hand it over. Or it meant building things without proper political or regulatory approvals, because they figured that once the project had become a fait accompli, the laws could be changed to reflect the new reality.
Uber has built its business without waiting to consult with government on the legality of ride-sharing. If it had waited, the business might never have gotten off the ground. But Uber has also managed, along the way, to anger many people and alienate large swathes of both drivers and journalists. Riders have not left the company to any large degree -- yet. Uber's work remains unfinished, but its mission is an important one. Let's hope that Kalanick can recognize that this requires a bit more maturity, dignity, and tact; that by sharing his prosperity with the drivers who are helping him build this new infrastructure, he can avoid the label "robber baron"; and that he will come sooner rather than later to put the welfare of others before that of his ambitions.
Follow Vivek Wadhwa on Twitter: www.twitter.com/wadhwa
More:

The  SupraSelf  of Leadership Greatnessreddit
"Quantum leaps are the result of engaging in an extraordinary aspect of our identity I call the SupraSelf." -- Val Jon Farris
The "SupraSelf" is an extraordinary aspect of who we are and what it means to be a leader. This little known, yet very real part of our personality is capable of producing exponential results in all areas of our lives. Why this extraordinary inner resource goes virtually untapped is because it is only available to those who are willing to set their egos aside and venture beyond the bounds of who they think they are or believe themselves to be.
Unlike the ego-self, which is made up of our titles, roles, history, beliefs and desires, the SupraSelf exists beyond the "me, my, mine" paradigm. Supra means "above and beyond" and represents an exponential aspect of our nature that is not defined by the contents of our ego, or by our familiar personality traits. Rather, it is a larger context of self, or "dynamic container" that holds all the material that makes up our ego and our personality. Because of its contextual nature, the SupraSelf possesses a measure of quantum power the ego-self can never match.
To clarify, imagine an empty bowl in front of you. Next, place whatever fruit you want in the bowl and arrange it however you like. The resulting arrangement is much like the content of our ego-identity (a banana of self-importance here, an apple of personal need there, an orange of hidden agenda thrown in for good measure). The bowl, however, while sharing the same space as the fruit, exists in a completely different domain of influence than its contents.
What distinguishes the SupraSelf from the ego-self is that just as the bowl shapes the position and accessibility of the fruit, the SupraSelf shapes the position and accessibility of all our inner faculties and resources. These include not only the self-centered aspects of our ego, but also our virtues, talents, behaviors, mental and emotional maturity and awareness levels, all of which make an immense impact on our life, performance and results.
To grasp the impact of the SupraSelf all one need do is try and organize the fruit differently than how the bowl is shaped. For example, no matter how hard I try to arrange the fruit in a flat linear pattern, the contour of the bowl forces it into its curvature, thus deterring my efforts to produce a linear outcome. In other words, regardless of the degree of conviction we apply to producing results, unless our efforts are in alignment with the contour of our SupraSelf we will produce more resistance than results. To clarify this point further consider this assertion.
A mediocre self is incapable of producing extraordinary results. Only those who tap into their superlative character have what it takes to lead themselves and others into extraordinary outcomes.
The difference between a fruit bowl and the SupraSelf is that the bowl is cast into a single inanimate shape, whereas the SupraSelf is an alive, dynamic container capable of spontaneous reshaping. The extraordinary power it possesses comes from its dynamic adaptability and the immediate affects its reshaping capabilities have on every area of our lives.
If the SupraSelf does indeed play such a crucial role in our life successes, how do we access it and control it? The answer to the second part of the question is simple, we don't. The SupraSelf operates based on surrender not control. Surrender in the sense of "getting out of the way" and allowing our greater self to work through us. This does not mean we relinquish our responsibility for accomplishing our goals, but rather to be mindful that the energy, inspiration and passion arising within us originates from a greater source than our own will or ego.
Conversely, the answer to the first part of the question is not as simple in that accessing the SupraSelf requires a vigilant practice of surrendering our ego's identity associations, including its indulgent beliefs, opinions and agendas and its incessant need for credit, blame, entitlement and control. Until our "ego bowl" is empty, there is too much clutter in our space to make contact with the SupraSelf.
Allow me to clarify this by expanding on the fruit analogy. Imagine clutching in each arm two or three huge shopping bags filled with fruit and trying to pass through a narrow doorway. Until we free ourselves from our "ego baggage" we are literally blocked from gaining entrance to the SupraSelf.
The good news is that the SupraSelf is just as motivated to make contact with us as we are to connect with it. The first step towards this extraordinary connection is to recognize that there is indeed a greater self dwelling within us and that we can access and leverage it to produce quantum leaps in our life.
The next step is to be willing to engage in surrendering our ego's need for self-importance, being in control and playing the "credit/blame game." All the energy we spend on these ego dynamics can be redirected towards coming into alignment with the greater power of our indwelling SupraSelf.
The third step is to engage in an ongoing development process in which we partner with a mentor and/or community of awake individuals who practice the ways of the SupraSelf, or comparable disciplines. What are these practices? There are essentially four, 1) Functioning Beyond Reaction, 2) Being at Choice, 3) Accepting Personal Responsibility, and 4) Utilizing the Power of "First Cause."
While these four practices require greater explanation, the way to get started with them is to be willing to catch your ego in action, set your pride and certainty of self aside, and explore the deeper aspects of who you are. For as Ralph Waldo Emerson so eloquently once put it, "What lies behind us and what lies before us is tiny compared to what lies within us."
Follow Val Jon Farris on Twitter: www.twitter.com/valjonfarris
More:

Revealed: Rising Inequality Kills American Jobsreddit
Barry Z. Cynamon and Steven M. Fazzari, researchers on consumer behavior and how it effects the economy, wrote an op-ed for the St. Louis Post Dispatch in October 2007 in which they predicted that an end to the relentless trend of rising household debt and a subsequent crash in household spending could lead to a killer U.S. recession. Soon after, their prediction came true. Their current work, which examines how high and rising inequality is holding back the American economy, is part of the Institute for New Economic Thinking ’s project on the Political Economy of Distribution . They explore how the massive debt which led to the Great Recession, the spending collapse that followed, and the stagnation that persists are all linked to income inequality. In the following interview, they discuss what their findings mean for America.
Lynn Parramore: Why have you decided to focus on inequality in your research?
Steven M. Fazzari: First, as Barry and I developed our research on household spending, debt, and big movements of the U.S. economy, it became clear that the overall trends before 2008 were unsustainable. Households were taking on debt at a rate that couldn’t continue indefinitely. But for each borrower, there is a lender. We got interested not just in the overall trends of debt and spending, but also who was doing the borrowing and lending; which part of the household sector was spending unsustainably? This question led us to think about inequality in a very general sense: the fact that some households borrow and others lend implies that households are different, that is, “unequal.”
Second, there has been a lot of attention on data that demonstrate rising inequality in the U.S. Thomas Piketty’s big book, Capital in the 21st Century, came out in English last spring, but some of the research that his book is based on appeared earlier. I’ve always had an interest in income inequality, perhaps mostly from the perspective of American values and social justice. So I was curious to look at these new data. It turns out that the rise of the income share of high-income households begins at almost the same time as the rise in debt that was the focus of our earlier research. It seemed likely that this correspondence was not a coincidence. I began to see a common thread between the dynamics of inequality and the macroeconomics of U.S. expenditure.
LP: An ordinary person on the street would probably say that if the rich have most of the money, that’s bad for the economy. She’d intuit that if the rest of us don’t have enough money in our pockets to spend on goods and services, the overall economy will suffer. Yet this has been minority view in the field of economics. In fact, many economists have long argued that economic inequality was good for economic growth. What explains the persistence of the conventional view?
SMF: The person on the street typically understands that consumer spending is the source of business sales, and if consumer spending falls then businesses will sell less, produce less, and support fewer jobs. As your question suggests, it is also intuitive that rich households will spend a smaller share of their income. So, the person on the street can appreciate that as more and more income flows into the hands of the rich, it will become more difficult for the economy to generate the sales it needs to support job creation.
But this rather simple intuition has been obscured in most practical discussions of macroeconomics. Most economists assume that the effect of inequality on spending is really only an issue in the short-term. The idea is that over the long run, the problem will fade because wages and prices will somehow adjust. Mainstream economists hold that even if most people end up with less money to spend because of inequality, that’s ok because other sources of spending, like business investment, will come to the rescue and we’ll end up with plenty of jobs.
Our works shows that this is not so. We find that high and rising inequality is now holding back the U.S. recovery from the Great Recession and the lack of purchasing power faced by most people is a job killer not just for a few quarters but also over a number of years. Unemployment may cause wages and prices to fall (or at least rise more slowly), but disinflation and, especially, deflation are not likely to raise total spending. Of course, consumers appreciate lower prices for the things they buy, but lower wages are bad for spending, especially if the household has a fixed mortgage or car payment to meet.
Another important problem is that falling interest rates will not be effective in pushing spending up, at least in a sustainable way. Short-term rates cannot fall much below the near-zero level where they are now. Also empirical evidence implies that low interest rates are not particularly effective at stimulating demand, outside of speculative bubbles like the one we saw in housing prior to the Great Recession.
When prices don’t adjust, and monetary policy doesn’t cure the demand problem caused by income inequality, we have the potential for persistent, or “secular,” demand stagnation — in plain English, a lackluster economy. We argue that this is the current situation in the U.S. Thus, the intuition you describe of the person on the street is mostly validated by the kind of work we are doing.
LP: You’ve noted that since about 1980, the bottom 95 percent of Americans have been losing income relative to the top 5 percent, and that to keep from losing ground, they’ve tended to go deeper into debt — a trend that ground to a halt in 2008 when the financial crisis resulted in a credit bust and they could no longer borrow to spend. At the same time, affluent people saw their incomes grow and were able to spend more and seek more investment opportunities, even after the crisis.
What factors led to the divergence and why is this situation dangerous?
SMF: Ultimately the “divergence” is about differences in income growth. From the 1950s to the late 1970s, real incomes per household grew at roughly the same rate, so demand growth was generated sustainably across the income distribution. Around 1980, the income growth rate for the top group increased when the growth rate for everyone else dropped. For a while, folks in the bottom group kept consumption at a higher than sustainable level by borrowing. But this behavior ran into a wall in 2007 and 2008 and the consumption of the bottom 95 percent has been forced down to correspond with their slower income growth.
What are the dangers going forward? I would identify two big problems. First, as we emphasize in our work, the economy needed the high consumption of the bottom 95 percent to keep job growth acceptable. The economy wasn’t really booming in 2005 and 2006 even with a lot of debt-financed consumption from the bottom 95 percent. But a lot of this demand was lost when the borrowing of this group collapsed. The top group may be moving along just fine, probably roughly along the trend it was following prior to the Great Recession. But it has not picked up the slack from the debt-financed spending of the bottom 95 percent that we lost, which we identify as a primary reason that the recovery has been so disappointing.
Second, as incomes grow faster at the top and the earnings of most household stagnate, more and more of the production in the society is being generated to serve high-end consumers. We are becoming less of a “middle-class” or “mass-market” society. Some of our recent work suggests that by 2012 the top 5 percent was consuming almost as much, in total, as the bottom 80 percent! As these trends continue, we are moving more and more to a society in which the work of the middle class (if they are lucky enough to have jobs at all) goes to serve the consumption of the affluent. This trend is inconsistent with norms of shared prosperity that are part of the American Dream. It may ultimately lead to social tension and a growing sense of injustice in our economy.
LP: How does our sense of fairness and justice evolve in view of this growing inequality; this sense that the hard work of the many is supporting the luxury spending habits of the few?
Barry Z. Cynamon: Humans have achieved incredible things on this planet not just through our use of tools but through cooperation. E.O. Wilson tells us that humans are one of roughly 20 species known to be “eusocial” — that means we live in multigenerational communities, practice division of labor, and show willingness to sacrifice some of our personal interests to that of the group. Regardless of the debate about kin selection versus group selection, it is widely agreed that we have conquered the planet by cooperating with one another in spite of universally present instincts toward survival and self-interest. Our elaborate, interlocking systems of social norms, laws, and concepts of fairness and justice collectively bolster that underlying trait of eusociality so that what once enabled survival and propagation of small bands of humans has also enabled vast civilizations—including the unprecedented global human civilization of which we are all part today.
Fairness is central to this incredible history of cooperation. If we lose our trust in the legal system and the legitimacy of the market, then we will lose trust and cooperation. When that happens, it is not good. Societies that lose their trust end up looking more like Somalia, Iraq, or Sudan than like Sweden, Canada, or Australia. The point is not that the U.S. is one election or financial crisis or a few percentage points of income concentration away from becoming an ungovernable state. Rather, the point is that social infrastructure makes a huge difference, and it is not something that we seem to understand well enough to reliably manipulate it for good.
LP: Let’s say you’re Joe the banker. You’ve made a lot of money in the stock market since the financial crisis and you’ve got plenty of money for consumption and speculation. Why should you be worried about the 95 percent and their ability to spend? What’s going to happen to you down the road if inequality continues to increase?
BZC: If the 95 percent do not have rising incomes, then their spending won’t rise. Without the increase in spending, eventually the sales of the companies you own will stop growing. Setting aside the possibility of revolution or other violent scenarios, there is a very real possibility of another financial crisis and a crash in the values of assets that simply cannot justify their valuations in a world that is too unequal. Worse—no single rich person can move the dial by voluntarily paying extra taxes any more than any of us can stop climate change by diligently recycling. It is only by massive coordinated action that we can operate on the level of the massive coordinated system of which we are all part.
LP: Capitalism today appears to be a mechanism that creates and exacerbates inequality. What does your research point to in terms of the necessary factors for creating a more equitable economy?
SMF: The part of this big question that is most relevant to our work relates to how we can generate strong and sustainable demand growth that is necessary to keep the economy moving forward and approaching, at least, full employment. Broadly, I think we need to work toward a goal of shared prosperity, wage growth that keeps up with productivity growth across the income distribution. In the U.S., this goal was largely met in the decades after World War II, but it has failed since the early 1980s.
How can this objective be reached? It’s far from obvious. Higher minimum wages, along with indexing of the minimum wage for inflation (perhaps even for productivity growth) will help on the bottom of the distribution. But it is not enough. We need faster growth in middle-income wages and salaries as well. Perhaps the most obvious policy to encourage this outcome is to get the economy back closer to full employment to improve the bargaining power of workers.
There is a “chicken-and-egg” problem here because we need faster wage growth to get the demand necessary to get back toward full employment, but we need full employment to get faster wage growth. One possible way out of this Catch-22 could be aggressive fiscal policy. These actions could include a push on infrastructure, both traditional projects and “green” activities such as smart electric grids. Another proposal would be a substantial middle-class tax cut or rebate designed to restore some of the consumption spending lost when the bottom 95 percent had to curtail its borrowing.
I also see the need for institutional change that improves the bargaining power of labor. In the past, labor unions played this role to some extent. I don’t think it is a coincidence that the era of shared prosperity after WWII was also a time of strong unions. In the modern globalized world, however, meeting this objective is likely more of a challenge. The social perception of unions has changed, as has their feasibility in a world where out-sourcing threats almost certainly constrain wage bargaining. We need to think creatively about why top incomes are pulling so quickly away from the rest of the economy and what can be done about this trend.
Follow Lynn Parramore on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LynnParramore
More:

Pay Rs5 000 crore for terminating contract  GMR tells MaldivesPay Rs5 000 crore for terminating contract  GMR tells Maldives
Obama immigration plan riles Republicans  clashes loomObama immigration plan riles Republicans  clashes loom
Choke financial support to IS  says RussiaChoke financial support to IS  says Russia
Forex reserves up $419 mnForex reserves up $419 mn
Breaking Down News: CodeMasalaPrint
Written by Pratik Kanjilal | Posted: November 22, 2014 2:14 am
When the top news of the week is the arrest of a babaji who bathes in milk like Cleopatra, “Janta Badshah” Mulayam Singh’s buggy ride to his incredible birthday party and Rajnath Singh’s random thoughts on Heisenberg’s uncertainty principle, the idle journalist’s mind turns to gossip. That means Twitter, where shadowy handles have been publishing more media gossip than the media publishes news. They produce rubbish endlessly, effortlessly, like squeezing toothpaste out of a tube made out of a Möbius strip.
But sadly, @LutyensSpice has gone off the air, citing irreconcilable differences with the government — “immense pressure from the agencies”, actually. We hacks are mortified at the demise of one of our leading entertainers and educators. But her competitor @LutyensMasala has gleefully marked her passing with an ornate epitaph: “Hic est Sepultus Unctus Odoramentum, Regina de Mendacium, @LutyensSpice. Conquiesco in Tranquillitas Animi.” Or, roughly speaking: “Here lies entombed with perfumed oils @LutyensSpice, Queen of Lies. Relax, enjoy.” And I bet that somewhere out there, Dan Brown is grimly, implacably, noting this down for yet another conspiracy novel about meaningless codes and pointless secrets.
That’s all these Lutyens channels are about, really. Masala is on a roll for the moment, though he almost outed himself yesterday at a summit in Delhi: “Scary Spice, through with her session, asks me, ‘Who all are running these Lutyens’ handles?’ ‘Beats me,’ I tell her. (And now she’ll know.)” Scary Spice is his codename for Barkha Dutt, but does she really know? Because @LutyensMasala appears to be more than one person, all of whom scrupulously avoid conferring funny codenames on Narendra Modi. That’s telling. One has a fine sense of bilingual humour and claims to be a “retired right-wing hack” in Delhi. One is not wholly comfortable with Hindi and Sanskrit but calls a veshti a veshti and not a dhoti, suggesting southern origins. One posts late in the evening Pacific time, and could be working stiff in Silicon Valley. One (possibly the same guy) likes math, codes and ciphers.
Like, he tweeted: “KSHNWIF FQGNHIK ZGCNPRZ FENUDTN WIMJLYD WRVMHEI WHKMNUJ KIFNCOL TPGUSER VJQLFP.” That’s encoded by a method used by the French diplomat Blaise de Vigenére in the 16th century, which was in turn a twist on a substitution cipher used by Julius Caesar during his campaigns. This ciphertext resolves to: “softlio nmetwit hcateri nalastw eekpaym entswer ediscus sedtrou bleahea dforup.” Ignore the spaces and it makes sense, if you understand the codenames. Remember, this is not news or verified fact. It’s gossip.
Let’s try a tougher coded tweet: “LLNXU NHVJH ABIBS SZDDT MLVBX KALSX ROKIX YMQNJ JDLIK AIRQV JMWXZ GWYTV PTGFF JCHGS ZBWST PCJXK WZDTN XJQVU BPPJH DSZVP IDCRH” is in Enigma code, used by the Nazi forces in World War II. It was cracked by a decryptor designed by Alan Turing, and changed the course of the conflict. It was christened the Bombe for the ominous ticking sound it produced in action. Enigma is nearly impossible to decode by hand, so I leant on the excellent continued…

Khadse claims central nod for Damanganga Pinjal water linkingprojectPrint
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 22, 2014 2:10 am
The state government on Friday announced that the Centre has given in-principle nod to the Damanganga Pinjal water linking project, which would help improve water supply to Mumbai Metropolitan Region. Once completed, the project would augment the water supply by an additional 2,450 MLD per day from the existing 3,675.
“To address the water woes of Mumbai, the state government had submitted a proposal that sought blocking water from rivers Damanganga and Pinjal and divert it to Mumbai. The Central Water Resources ministry has given an in-principle nod to the project,” said Revenue Minister Eknath Khadse, after meeting Water Resources Minister Uma Bharati in New Delhi.
The project involves linking Damanganga river in Gujarat to Pinjal river flowing in neighbouring Maharashtra. Surplus water from Damanganga basin will be transferred to Pinjal basin through three proposed dams and two tunnels, before being supplied to Mumbai for domestic distribution. The cost of the project is likely to be between Rs 800 crore and Rs 900 crore.
As per the assessment of Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM), the domestic water demand for Mumbai by 2041 would be around 6,680 MLD, which would widen the gap between demand and supply.
The project aims to provide around 1,600 MLD for augmentation of domestic supply to Mumbai, apart from an additional 865 MLD to be drawn from the proposed Pinjal dam, raising the total volume of water to around 2,450 MLD.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Holiday tech shopping: Video games for younger playersA look at video games for the younger gamer in your life.
Skylanders Trap Team
(Photo by ActiVision)
Get it: For kids who play at home and on the go
Skip it: If you don’t want to invest a lot of money in extra toys
Price: $75 for a starter pack. Available on all consoles, Nintendo 2DS and 3DS. Toys compatible with tablet version.
The latest entry in the “Skylanders” franchise, “Trap Team” lets players capture the game’s villains and reform them into (playable) heroes. The game is full of whimsy and jokes that will appeal to parents as well as kids. Like its predecessors, the game also has smart toys of the in-game characters that remember what you’ve done in past games and let you build a character over time. One thing to note before you buy: You don’t need to buy more toys than the one included in the starter pack, but the game is better with them. There’s also a tablet version of the game, for iOS and Android, which includes its own mini-game controller.
Mario Kart 8 for Wii U
(Photo by Nintendo)
Get it: For good old nostalgic fun
Skip it: If driving games aren’t your thing
 Price: $60
Lots of adults probably have memories of late-night sleepovers that involved racing around the MarioKart track; now they can share that with a new generation on Wii U. There’s plenty of eye candy here, coupled with solid gameplay that should appeal to young and old gamers alike. Users can play together online or together from the comfort of their own couch. Nintendo stays true to its roots here, providing tracks with a lot of twists and turns. Some parts of the game do need work; it’s not always easy, for example, to set up online matches. Overall, it’s solid fun. “Mario Kart 8” also works with, but does not require, Nintendo’s “amiibo” toys — small figurines that store your stats no matter where you’re playing and give you in-game goodies.
Super Smash Bros.
Get it: If you want a knock-down, drag-out evening with friends
Skip it: If you’d prefer to play alone
Price: $60. Available on Wii U
Custom-made for game night, “Super Smash Bros.” for Wii U pits up to eight players against one another for lots of cooperative fighting fun. The title, a console version of the same game released earlier this year for the Nintendo 3DS, has lots of familiar Nintendo faces, including Donkey Kong, Kirby, Pikachu, Link, Mario and Luigi. With lots of options for customization, it’s also a game with a ton of replay value. Nintendo devotees will get the most out of this game, which sets its levels in a variety of famous game locales. But you don’t have to get all of the references to enjoy the fun. This title also works with Nintendo’s amiibo toys, so you can take your characters on the road.
The Lego Movie Videogame
Get it: If you love Legos and loved “The Lego Movie”
Skip it: If you can’t stand a little monotony
Price:  $30. Available on all consoles.
It’s hard to find someone who doesn’t like Lego, especially after its big summer blockbuster. Kids who loved the film will be happy to step into the boxy shoes of protagonist Emmet and his friends, who are able to make what they need by pulling from the blocks around them. It’s a neat trick — though this isn’t the best title the Lego franchise ever came up with. The levels can get a little repetitive and boring — not a major concern for very young players but potentially frustrating for those a bit older. To paraphrase a line from the movie’s theme song, not everything is awesome about this game, but it’s still a strong contender for a Christmas stocking.
Little Big Planet 3
Get it: For hours of customizable fun
Skip it: If you’d prefer something a bit more fast-paced
Price: $60. Available on PlayStation 4
Now a standby for the holiday season, Sony’s “Little Big Planet” returns with its third installment, offering a lot of familiar puzzle-based and platforming fun. As always, players create a highly customizable character, Sackboy, who acts as their avatar throughout the game’s whimsical world. This year, the protagonist is joined by three new characters — the dog-like Oddsock, bird-like Swoop and the weighty Big Toggle — who all lend their special talents to the puzzle-solving. A few new tricks in gameplay, such as the ability to move light objects around the level to solve puzzles, make this version fresh enough to keep players engaged for a lot of fun, leisurely play.

Bombay HC scraps Navi Mumbai land allotment to real estatemajorK Raheja Corporation constructed a state-of-the-art mall (Inorbit Mall) and a five-star hotel (Four Points by Sheraton) on the plots
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Mumbai | Posted: November 22, 2014 2:15 am
The Bombay High Court on Friday set aside the allotment of 3.3-lakh sq ft of prime land in Navi Mumbai’s Vashi to real estate giant K Raheja Corporation, stating that the allotment of land by the City and Industrial Development Corporation (CIDCO) of Maharashtra in December, 2003, during the Congress-NCP regime was “illegal and arbitrary”. The court said CIDCO – a state government undertaking responsible for town planning in Navi Mumbai – should reclaim “vacant possession of the land within six months.” The court left a window open for regularisation, permitting K Raheja Corporation to approach CIDCO with a proposal to regularise the allotment.
A senior state official said CIDCO would have to approach the Urban Development headed by Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis before exercising either options according to prevalent norms. Ironically, the alleged irregularities in the allotment first came to light in 2005 after the BJP, which was then the principal opposition party in Maharashtra, raised the issue in the state legislature. The BJP government, now in power, would be tested on this, officials said.
Revenue Minister Eknath Khadse, then an opposition legislator, had levelled serious allegations regarding irregularities in land allotments by CIDCO; following which the Congress-NCP government appointed then Additional Chief Secretary D K Sankaran to conduct a discreet inquiry. In his report submitted to the government on March 31, 2005, Sankaran had observed that the “allotment to K Raheja was in gross violation of rules, CIDCO’s own policy and constitutional norms.” Recommending cancellation of the allotment, Sankaran had further observed that “CIDCO had suffered a financial loss of Rs 50 crore due to the arbitrary allotment made by showing undue favours to the real estate firm.”
Although the Congress-NCP government accepted Sankaran’s report, which also raised questions on 80 other allotments which CIDCO approved  between March 2003 and December 2004 and even initiated action against senior CIDCO officials, the process to cancel plot allotment in this case was deferred following CIDCO’s argument that the “matter was sub-judice”.
However, following Friday’s high court ruling, the Fadnavis government will now have to decide the fate of this prime land. With this being the largest allotment for commercial purposes by CIDCO in Navi Mumbai, the real estate major has constructed a state-of-the-art mall (Inorbit Mall)  and a five-star hotel (Four Points by Sheraton) on the plots. These commercial ventures are fully functional.
While CIDCO’s counsel G S Hegde said the corporation was satisfied with the high court verdict, K Raheja’s senior counsel V A Gangal said the “firm will challenge the HC order in the Supreme Court.” The HC on Friday denied Gangal’s motion for a stay on the order. V A Gangal, senior counsel for K Raheja Corp, said the firm spent over continued…

QUIZ: Which election does this Hillary Clinton speculation belong toBy Jaime Fuller November 21 Follow @j_fuller
Don't ask her; she has no idea! (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews)
If Ken Burns needs an idea for what American pastime to document in great detail for his next documentary series, we humbly submit our country's great quadrennial tradition of wondering whether Hillary Clinton will be running in the next presidential election.
Not only does there appear to be a market for such a documentary (just type Hillary Clinton and any presidential year in Google), but it is getting harder to differentiate the different instances our great festival of speculation. Such a history would also give old Clinton staffers and people who have been dreadfully wrong during our early years of celebrating Hillarysgiving something to do -- namely telling their theories to the camera so they are saved for posterity.
Until we codify this holiday, which is as American as baseball, apple pie and voting-but-only-if-it-involves-American Idol, you can at least try to tell apart the many times in history people speculated Hillary Clinton was about to run for president. They are surprisingly difficult to tell apart.
1
Which election does this breathless Hillary Clinton speculation belong to? "'But if it's not Hillary Clinton versus Jeb Bush ... Washington is going to commit collective suicide.' ... But it's always about Hillary. And it will always be about Hillary until the end of our days. She will have to retain an excellent hairdresser forever."
2016

After probe  BMC puts dengue death toll at12Print
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 22, 2014 3:12 am
Following investigations into a series of suspected dengue deaths, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Friday pegged the death toll across the city at 12 after confirming two more deaths due to dengue in the last one week. So far, 18 people have been reported dead after contracting dengue, a viral infection that spreads through Aedes Aegypti mosquito.
With prolonged heat and delayed winters, as many as 760 confirmed cases of dengue have been reported across the city this year. However, the suspected dengue cases stand at a significant 4,000. While the cases usually witness a downslide in November, this year there has been an unusual spurt in the dengue toll even in November.
According to deputy executive health officer, Dr Mangala Gomare, 52-year-old K Radhakrishnan, a resident of Mulund and employee of Reliance Infrastructure Limited, who passed away on November 15 and another 28-year-old Khar (East) resident who succumbed to the ailment on November 16 are the two confirmed deaths investigated recently.
The remaining deaths, the civic body said, have been attributed to various other causes.
In a meeting conducted by the BMC on Friday, medical reports of all the notified deaths due to dengue were scrutinized. According to an official, in several cases where deceased had contracted dengue, there were other multiple medical complications involved. “Deaths of 2013 and 2014 were inspected. It was realized that in few cases, a patient was suffering from multiple ailments apart from dengue like malaria, typhoid, infections and health complications. Therefore, dengue cannot be ruled as the sole cause of death,” the official said.
The spurt in dengue in the city has activated the BMC into aggressive sensitization campaigning with regular fogging in areas that have reported cases. “Since my daughter died of dengue, the BMC inspector s are regularly visiting our chawl to clear breeding sites,” said Mangesh Devrukhakar, whose daughter Manasvi (3) succumbed to dengue.
mumbai.newsline@epxressindia.com

Maoists fire at IAF chopper  twoinjuredThe incident took place when a CoBRA team led by CRPF’s Chhattisgarh IG HS Siddhu had an encounter in Elmagunda forests near Chintagufa. (Picture for representation purpose only)
By: Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: November 21, 2014 11:05 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 10:04 am
An Indian Air Force (IAF) flight gunner and a CRPF personnel were injured when Maoists fired at an Mi-17 chopper in Jagdalpur area of Chhatisgarh on Friday evening. The chopper was evacuating five other CRPF personnel who were injured in an ambush by the Naxals in Bastar region.
The aircraft later landed safely in Jagdalpur, where the two were treated. An IAF official said that they were “out of danger”. The IAF flight gunner was identified as M K Tiwari. “The Mi-17 chopper was pressed into action to evacuate five CRPF casualties. On its way back, the helicopter was fired at,” an IAF official said.
The other personnel the chopper was evacuating were injured during an encounter between a CoBRA team led by CRPF’s Chhattisgarh IG H S Siddhu and Maoists in the Elmagunda forests near Chintagufa. The IG’s gunman, Rupak Rawat was among those injured.
CRPF and state police teams have been conducting massive operations in the interior zones of Sukma district over the last week. Several teams, comprising over 5,000 personnel, have been combing the Maoist-hit area. “Over a dozen operations are going on in Bastar. This was the first instance that we faced such resistance from the Maoists. Our 5,000 personnel are still present in various areas,” Bastar IG S R P Kalluri said.
Meanwhile three personnel were injured while defusing a landmine in Bijapur district Friday.
 

Inside Rampal ashram: arms  ammunition  petrolbombsBlankets and mattresses piled up inside the ashram. (Source: Praveen Khanna)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: November 22, 2014 3:07 am | Updated: November 26, 2014 5:15 pm
The Special Investigation Team (SIT) of the Haryana Police, conducting the search operation at Satlok Ashram in Barwala after the arrest of controversial godman Sant Rampal Wednesday night, has recovered a huge cache of arms and ammunition. It has also found petrol bombs, acid syringes, a chilli grenade and a pregnancy test strip.
The SIT has also taken into custody three persons hiding on the premises. The search operation is on and will last a few more days given the expanse of the ashram, a spokesperson of Haryana police said.
“The SIT recovered three .32 bore revolvers, 19 air guns, two double-barrel 12 bore guns, two 315 bore rifles, 28 live cartridges of .32 bore, 50 live cartridges of 12 bore, 25 live cartridges of .315 bore and one chili grenade,” the police spokesperson added. The team also found acid syringes, helmets and sticks along with 20 black dresses and two tanks containing 800 litres of diesel.
Inside view of the Satlok Aashram of Sant Rampal in Hisar on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
“A pregnancy test strip was also found in the room adjacent to Rampal’s room in the ashram. Besides, the police also found petrol bombs, packets of chili powder, a catapult, two empty cartridges of .12 bore, a cushion bed and a number of other beds,” the police spokesperson said.
Three persons hiding in the ashram have been identified as Yaadram of Jakhli, Badaun,  UP, Ravi of Kharati, Chhattisgarh, and Ramesh of Dhani Sillanwali, Bhiwani.
The police also found a woman lying unconscious and locked in a bathroom. She was admitted to general hospital. She has been identified as Bijlesh of Ashok Nagar village in Madhya Pradesh.

Sniffer dog Prince  the hero of 26/11  loses battle for life  gets 21-gun salute bypolice10-year-old Prince had detected four live bombs and 17 hand grenades on the night of the attacks
Mumbai | Posted: November 22, 2014 3:06 am
By ROHIT ALOK
Sniffer dog Prince, a celebrated hero of 26/11, succumbed to his heart and kidney ailments at on Friday at Parel’s Bai Sakarbai Dinshaw Animal Hospital, where he was admitted to on November 16. The iconic canine was given a 21-gun-salute at 2.30 pm. Nearly 25 personnel of the from Mumbai Police’s Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad BDDS had come to pay their respects to Prince.
While Mumbai Police fondly remembers 10-year-old Prince, a black labrador, for detecting four live bombs and 17 hand grenades that night, his handlers know him as an aggressive, possessive but playful dog.
“I picked him up the first time when he was barely three-months old, and I today picked him up to bury him,” said constable Mahendra Kasekar with BDDS. Kasekar said in his (Prince) last few weeks, Prince could not eat much and was not even able to consume his calcium medicines. “He was in severe pain,” the constable said.
“I first met Prince in December 2004 in Pune where I was given the responsibility to be his handler. My then superior Steven Anthony had named him ‘Prince’ and indeed he behaved like his name. Prince was not friendly with other dogs and always felt himself to be superior to them,” the constable said.
Kasekar and his partner constable Kishor Nawar have been Prince’s dog handlers for the past 10 years. Prince had retired from the BDDS responsibilities on August 31.
Recounting the numerous bombs they found, Kasekar said, “On 26/11, live bombs were found outside Trident and behind Taj. Three days after the terror attacks, Prince detected a live bomb in a bag in a parcel room at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus.”
Mumbai Police’s spokesperson Dhananjay Kulkarni said Prince had even played a vital role in 2006 serial blast, where he detected a bomb inside an ice cream van.
rohit.alok@expressindia.com

Karn Sharma: Ready to  ripMore
Karn keen to 'give it a rip' in Australia
Legspinner Karn Sharma has said he will be looking to "give it a rip" in Australia, and concentrate on bowling the right lines.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Fri 21 Nov, 2014 4:44 PM IST
Tweet
0
Karn SharmaKarn Sharma is yet to play Test match cricket, and if he debuts next month, it will be on arguably the toughest tour of them all: Australia. But Karn, the legspinner who played his maiden ODI against Sri Lanka at home earlier this month, is not fazed. He said he will be looking to "give it a rip" in Australia, and concentrate on bowling the right lines.
"The best way [in Australia] is to try and put more purchase on the ball. Give it a rip and tweak it more," Karn told the Indian Express. "Put some more shoulder on it than usual. Anil bhai [Kumble] was very successful on those pitches. His action was slightly more high-arm than me, and he would get that disconcerting bounce. Even with my lower-arm action, the pitches there will give me bounce.
"Adjusting the line is important too. If the pitch turns a lot, you can pitch it more on off and middle. In Australia, the line has to be more around off stump and just outside."
Karn might have first caught the public's eye in the IPL over the last two seasons for Sunrisers Hyderabad, but before that he had also enjoyed quite a bit of success for Railways in the Ranji Trophy. His former Railways team-mate and captain Murali Kartik had said after Karn was selected for the Australia Tests that he was his "go-to bowler" in the Ranji Trophy, having kept on improving with time. Part of his success so far surely comes down to his high level of accuracy but another reason for it, Karn said, is his quick-arm action.
"Even though it was slightly unconventional, my coaches always encouraged me to stick with it," he said. "The biggest advantage with my action is, since it's so quick-arm, often the batsman's judgment gets affected by it.
"It takes him quite some time to get used to it and isn't always sure about what delivery is coming at him. Or for that matter, the pace at which it's arriving. For starters, he expects the ball to be flat and not be flighted to any extent. That is where he gets deceived.
"The advantage of having a quick-arm action is that you can bowl your variations without any apparent tweak or adjustment at the point of delivery. Even if there is one, the batsman doesn't get a good look at it. I remember a dismissal two years ago in Hyderabad during a Ranji Trophy game, where the batsman shouldered arms to a googly and was bowled. He was obviously expecting the ball to leave him since it came from a legbreak action. It was similar to how I bowled Mahela Jayawardene through the gate two weeks back [in a practice game] at CCI with a googly."
Karn will also be keen to do well in Australia, if he gets the chance, to impress the player who inspired him to be a legspinner: Shane Warne . "I used to watch him bowl a lot on television. And I was always fascinated by how he would turn the ball a lot even on pitches in Australia and England, which hardly have anything in them for spinners," Karn said. "And the day I took to the field, I just wanted to bowl legspin. Not offspin or seam-up, nothing. Just wanted to do what Warne does."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Arpita and Aayush hold hands at the airportCelebrity
Arpita and Aayush return to Mumbai
The wedding was an extremely lavish one, the wedding reception of Arpita Khan and Aayush Sharma is yet to be seen. However, the couple Arpita- Aayush were recently spotted at the Mumbai airport.
The bride Arpita Khan wanted comfort clothes, so she opted for a blue sweatshirt and black pants. However, she tried a modern look with the black aviators and red and white chudis on her.
1 / 30

Kotak in elite club of private banks even before ING mergerKotak in elite club of private banks even before ING merger
Again i am saying ignore this share no use of holding this..... go for...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy at low  sell at high  that is exactly the fii are doing now. they ...Silver Member
6 Followers
Tide has turned but not the ground reality. Rot politics are still doing their business. Lalu even after jail is still a king maker. Scam after scam in last govt. but no politicians and their kins got meaningfully convicted. Thousands of listed companies, Petrol pumps, Real estate’s businesses etc run by nexus of mafia, politicians and banks are still intact. They are bound to decay, bankrupt and or put into jail before any meaningful rebound in economy.
Up gradation by S&P is meaningless till the person on ground upgrades their economy. New Govt.  has hard task to clean up th
11.41 AM Oct 4th

Market ahead  points to be noted despite the strong close to the...75 Followers
MARKET AHEAD, POINTS TO BE NOTED
Despite the strong close to the week, a section of the market advised caution against buying heavily at current levels. Siddharth Bhamre of Angel Broking told CNBC-TV18 that weak rollover of FII positions in the equity derivatives market pointed to likely weakness ahead.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
2.46 AM Nov 22nd

Anushka and Virat head back togetherCelebrity
Anushka, Virat and their moments together
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli. We hear a lot of speculations about them every other day. Have they decided to get married? Is there engagement on the cards since their parents have met? We spotted them together and here's a look at all that came into being.
Bollywood’s bubbly, chirpy actress, Anushka Sharma is in news for quiet some time leading to her link up with Indian cricketer Virat Kohli. The lady has been denying her relationship for long and ... more 
Bollywood’s bubbly, chirpy actress, Anushka Sharma is in news for quiet some time leading to her link up with Indian cricketer Virat Kohli. The lady has been denying her relationship for long and tried her best to keep it under wraps.
(Spotted here at the airport with Virat Kohli) less 
1 / 30

Chicago-based Tripnary aims to help you organize  decide on a vacation“It’s truly a personalized travel search app, letting users save the places they want to see,” Ghuwalewala said. “It’s ‘Pinterest travel board meets kayak.’”
He said users can share ‘bucket lists’ through email, text, WhatsApp, Twitter or Facebook.
“You can save all the places you want to go in your bucket list,” Ghuwalewala said. “When you’re on the trip, it helps you figure out what to do on a day-to-day basis.”
Tripnary gets a fee each time an app user clicks on an airfare that links to an airline site.
Ghuwalewala, who earned an MBA for Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management, said the company received $200,000 from two angel investors and that it's seeking additional seed-round investors.
He said his company's targeting the leisure traveler, “the people who are big dreamers, who have large bucket lists, who save ideas to the Pinterest board — those young professionals taking trips to Europe.”

10 health myths to stop believing nowBigg Boss 8
10 Health Myths You should Stop Believing Right Now
Every person has some view, opinion or belief that they want to pass on to everyone they meet. Friends, relatives and people you know often tell you things that might not necessarily be all truth; and when it comes to health, you must be especially careful about believing things. We have for you 10 such popular beliefs that have been passed on for generations! Read on to find out the truth behind them.
Recommended Read:
Share 0
Every person has some view, opinion or belief that they want to pass on to everyone they meet. Friends, relatives and people you know often tell you things that might not necessarily be all truth; and... more 
Every person has some view, opinion or belief that they want to pass on to everyone they meet. Friends, relatives and people you know often tell you things that might not necessarily be all truth; and when it comes to health, you must be especially careful about believing things. We have for you 10 such popular beliefs that have been passed on for generations! Read on to find out the truth behind them. less 
1 / 30

Hope for Insurance Bill  but Cong non-committal on GST  Land Act changes. Stormy session aheadNew Member
0 Follower
Its simple previously bjp was opposing  for fdi in retail and when there was intrusion by pakistan army they were shouting during sessions.
now same thing will happen against bjp.
To shout and tell that we will bring black money in 100 days once they get the ownership they will tell it takes time.
Why this ram dev baba requires z plus security can any normal man can get it.
This BJP i s very corrupted party it is only for businessman like ambani, dani not for normal people.
People will regret by bringing BJP
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
1.05 AM Nov 24th

Pigs fly on the Nasdaq: 5000 nearEMAIL
AP
Remember when the Nasdaq was trading at 5,048.62 — 14 years ago? Some thought it would take a lifetime to get back there – or at least until pigs fly. But the wait appears close to be over.
The Nasdaq Composite index Friday is up 23.02 points, or 0.5%, to 4,724.89. That’s just a 6.8% move short of the tech-heavy market’s all-time high notched at the peak of the dot-com boom and tech frenzy of March 10, 2000. Not only is the market close to the peak — but it’s got a head of steam and tech stocks are ripping.
The race from the bottom has been equally impressive. The Nasdaq’s hit rock bottom in October 2002 at a low during the day of 1,108.49. That means the rise from the bottom is up an incredible 326% from the bottom.
Want to make yourself jealous? Just look at some of the stupendous gains of current Nasdaq 100 members from the Oct. 10, 2002 lows. And no — those aren’t typos.
BIGGEST % GAINS OF NASDAQ 100 STOCKS FROM OCT. 10, 2002 LOW
Company

Do Facebook ads deliver valuedo facebook ads deliver value
Meet The Young Revolutionary Taking Ukrainian Politics By StormMeet The Young Revolutionary Taking Ukrainian Politics By Storm
Posted:
Updated:
11/24/2014 12:59 pm EST
Euromaidan protest leader Hanna Hopko won a seat in Ukraine's parliament last month. | Courtesy of Hanna Hopko
reddit
In just under a year, Hanna Hopko has gone from being a ringleader in anti-government protests to taking a seat in Ukraine's new parliament.
Her trajectory is symbolic of the momentous shifts Ukraine has undergone in the past 12 months. Her story also highlights the challenges faced by the young activists who ousted former President Victor Yanukovych and now seek to implement their vision of a more democratic, less corrupt Ukraine.
Hopko, 32, was a civil society advocate when Ukraine's Orange Revolution broke out in 2004. She joined thousands on the streets protesting against an election widely thought to have been rigged. Their demand for a re-vote was met, but their high hopes for Ukraine were not. The country's new leaders were ultimately judged to be as corrupt and disappointing as the ones they had replaced. Ten years later, Ukraine's democracy activists want to make sure their revolution is not hijacked again.
In November 2013, Ukrainians took to the streets of Kiev again, after Yanukovych suspended talks on closer cooperation with the European Union in favor of strengthening ties with Russia. Their protests were quickly dubbed the Euromaidan movement -- "Euro" for the activists' look westward for a model of more democratic government and "Maidan" for a central square in Kiev where Orange Revolution demonstrators had gathered and where once again people called for a better future.
Hopko described the first days of the Euromaidan protests in an interview with The WorldPost in Washington, where she spoke at a conference earlier this week. "It was so important to us to protect our dignity and our right to be part of the European community," she said.
A demonstrator stands on a balcony overlooking Kiev's Maidan square, Feb. 20, 2014.
State security forces launched a brutal crackdown on the protests, drawing more outraged Ukrainians to the streets. For months, as a coordinator of the pro-democracy group Civic Sector of Euromaidan, Hopko labored to bring the protesters' cause to the world's attention. When she was threatened, she sent her young daughter out of the capital, but she rejected her husband and mother's pleas to leave, according to The Christian Science Monitor .
In February 2014, Yanukovych fled Kiev and a new government pledged to address the protesters' demands. Hopko has since been courted by the very political institutions she once railed against. She said she turned down her first offer of a government position in March and instead helped found a civil society group to develop a package of reforms aimed at the corruption ingrained in Ukraine's institutions.
But eight months passed, and while Ukraine's government grappled with Russia's annexing of Crimea and fomenting of an armed rebellion in the eastern parts of the country, reforms fell by the wayside.
"There are lots of imitations of reforms. ... Most are still postponed," Hopko said. "The war is not an excuse not to do reforms."
So Hopko decided to enter politics herself. She said she turned down offers to join the main political parties ("I realized they are not interested in real reform," she said) and signed on with Samopomich (meaning "self-reliance"), a new party dominated by young activists . She topped the party's list of candidates in the Oct. 26 election and won a parliamentary seat -- as did 32 of her party colleagues. Samopomich all together took about 11 percent of the vote, making it the third most popular party after those of President Petro Poroshenko and Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk.
On Friday, Hopko learned that she had been proposed for another ministerial position by the prime minister, amid ongoing talks to form a coalition government. Again, she turned it down.
Hanna Hopko (Image courtesy of Hanna Hopko)
"I was elected to work in the parliament. I have eight years' experience of advocacy with lawmakers, so I’ll be more effective in the parliament," she said.
Hopko argued that she and her party can be a model for a more honest, professional form of politics. "In the 23 years since Ukraine's independence, we knew lawmakers as people who wear luxury brands and drive expensive cars," she said. "Oligarchs ruled the parliament, and there was very little politics."
"We want to show that MPs have to compete for votes," she added.
The task is formidable. After Ukraine broke from the Soviet Union in 1991, a powerful oligarchy emerged as politically connected figures bought up state-owned businesses on the cheap, Al Jazeera America explained . Their money bought them influence in politics and the press.
"The old system is still resisting," Hopko said. "There are people in power who still represent the regime of Yanukovych. They just changed the mask, but they are the same. They make their money from state budgets. And they are not interested in reform."
Hopko contends that such entrenched interests were behind a series of personal attacks on her and her family, as well as her party colleagues, in the oligarch-owned press during the election campaign. "It was very hard for me," she said.
She now has an opportunity to change the system from within, with all the fresh dilemmas that entails. The leaders in Ukraine's young democracy don't always take kindly to criticism. Moreover, Hopko doesn't want her words to be twisted by Russian President Vladimir Putin to further destabilize her country. Nonetheless, she reeled off a list of officials she argues are not up to the job.
"You can't have the fear to deliver the truth about the situation," she said. Hopko repeatedly stressed that it's up to Poroshenko to break with the oligarchs.
Her sense of urgency was palpable. If people don't see changes and the economy continues to flag, Ukraine could explode in a new and more violent uprising, Hopko warned.
A man stands by a building hit by an airstrike in Snizhne, eastern Ukraine, July 15, 2014. (AP Photo/Dmitry Lovetsky)
"The third Maidan will not be so romantic, led by people with Ph.D.s and Western education. ... It will be popular discontent and it could destroy our country," she said. "Ukrainians' trust in the government is running out."
Meanwhile, the pro-Russian uprising still rages in eastern Ukraine. Hopko said anti-corruption efforts are vital to defending the country's territorial integrity.
"Decades of unprecedented corruption are like a cancer in Ukraine. They weakened our position in the world and destroyed our army," she said. "Billions of U.S. dollars were stolen, and therefore they couldn't be invested in the military or the economy."
While Ukrainian leaders reportedly grew rich, the country ran up huge debts and will likely be paying the price for many years.
Hopko wants to leave a better legacy for the next generation. She said her 3-year-old daughter shouldn't have to suffer for more mistakes by the Ukrainian government.
Related on HuffPost:

Service Excellence: It s Not Just for Holiday Shoppingreddit
As a service professional, I used to find myself ranting about my terrible service experiences to friends and family. Then, one day I had a perspective change, and I began raving about my great service experiences -- to the persons who delivered them to me. Today, I will often take it one step further and find their boss so I can rave more. Not everyone understands why I do this, but to me, it's quite simple. If someone can do a job that impresses me, I want him or her to know that people notice. As humans, we will continue doing those things that we are rewarded for. I consider it a "mini-moment" that will make their day and give them the recognition so they will keep doing the things that make them a valued employee, as well as someone that I would be happy to interact with again.
While there is no secret recipe for service excellence, there are a number of best practices that when implemented and followed with a sense of passion and drive will yield great results. Below are the seven steps that I follow with my team(s).  While I have tailored these to more of a retail business (in honor of the season), these same steps can be used in any type of business. The important thing is to set realistic parameters, be consistent, measure success and adapt if needed.
1. Invest the time deciding what you want your team to be known for and write it down.
Be specific where you can -- it helps the team to understand what is expected of them. "Providing an exceptional service experience where every customer is greeted with a smile, helped with their question or transaction in a supportive, positive way and given the opportunity to fill out a survey" gives everyone a very descriptive means that they can use to complete their customer interactions.
2. Create a value statement that binds the team together.
"We create happy customers who love shopping with us" tells a story about how each member impacts the business. It also makes it very clear to those who aren't in alignment that they probably don't fit the team, and they will opt out, which is a good thing in my opinion!
3. Talk through the specifics of the experience with the team -- this gives them a clear picture of every part of the interaction.
For example:
We open promptly at 9 a.m., and greet waiting customers with a "Welcome!" and a smile.
We ask customers if they are finding what they are looking for and if we can be of assistance in finding something for them.
When they are paying for their items, we greet them with "How's your day?" followed by "Did you find everything you were looking for?" and offer to assist if needed.
We thank them for doing business with us, and ask them to "Please come back soon."
4. Give each team member a chance to practice his or her skills through role-playing and receive constructive feedback on how to improve.
Enforce professionalism, as well as a feeling of being genuine. This should be done in a supportive, non-threatening manner, with plenty of encouragement and positive reinforcement for things done well. Also, look for opportunities to point out things done exceptionally well through the day.
5. Determine how to measure results based on key success factors, such as daily sales, repeat customers, number of transactions, etc.
6. Review results regularly, in a window appropriate for the business to show impact.
Remember -- it can take time for changes to make their mark.  Depending on the type of business, you may see results in a few weeks, or a few months. Don't be afraid to modify measurements or adapt if you aren't seeing results after a period of time -- sometimes a small change will net a very big impact, and other times, it can be very subtle. The better you understand your business and metrics, the faster you can make those small shifts and realize the impact you are striving to accomplish.
7. Celebrate Success!
Set a goal and then celebrate with the team. Make it achievable, but meaningful, and then recognize everyone who was part of making it happen. Teamwork and shared success also creates a strong sense of belonging and loyalty to the group as a whole.
Building great service is a keystone for every business. Whether working with retail customers, or business partners and corporate accounts, the persons we interact with daily respond to those who are positive, genuine and professional. I love going into a store where I feel like the people there really care about helping me - and I will go out of my way to continue to visit them because of the experience. This is no different from my cable service, phone service or other services -- we all have choices, and we want OUR business to be the one that people choose to associate with.
If you have any questions or would like to further discuss, please don't hesitate to contact me via email at pamlyra00@gmail.com -- happy to continue the conversation.
--
Pam Lyra, Axcient VP of customer satisfaction and operations, has more than 20 years of experience motivating and leading teams.
More:

10 Trust Secrets You Need to Practice in Businessreddit
One of the first harsh realities that every entrepreneur has to learn is that most of the things that are critical to startup success are outside of their direct control. Just because you dream it and build it, doesn't mean they will come -- that encompasses not only customers, but also investors, partners, team members, and even your own family. They won't come if they don't trust you.
In my experience, trust is the most powerful tool that an entrepreneur can wield, both inside and outside of his own realm of control. I've seen many examples of this in my own business life, and yet I gained a whole new perspective on how it works from a recent book by successful entrepreneur August Turak, titled " Business Secrets of the Trappist Monks ."
Turak first visited the monks for spiritual guidance, but realized as he talked to them about their business, that many of their secrets crossed over all boundaries. I was particularly struck by the lessons he gleaned on how to get and maintain trust. The best entrepreneurs I know seem to have learned every one of these, so start on these now if you want to survive among the best:
Become trustworthy before you start a business. We are hard wired to seek out trustworthy people, and to test others to see who we can trust. But the first step is to be become trustworthy ourselves. Like attracts like, and if you invest early in becoming a person others can trust, business people who you can trust will be attracted to you.
Keep your promises to yourself and others. The surest mark of a trustworthy person is one who keeps promises to others and to oneself, no matter how small or seemingly trivial these may be. Keeping promises to yourself is closely correlated with will power and self-control, and these virtues are essential to being business trustworthy.
Under commit and over deliver. Make sure that you only make business commitments that you know you can keep. Many entrepreneurs over-commit because they are desperate to have business constituents like and respect them, yet the quickest way to lose respect is to fail to keep commitments.
Be willing to make commitments. One of the stratagems of notoriously unreliable people is refusing to make promises in the first place, thinking that making no commitments relieves them of any worry about breaking them. People see through this strategy quickly, and will tag you not reliable and indecisive, as well as not trustworthy.
Protect your personal brand. As a new startup, you the entrepreneur are the brand. Get in the habit of asking yourself, "How will this decision affect my personal brand?" Everything you do or don't do affects your brand, and in the long run your trustworthiness is your most valuable asset.
Avoid fuzzy commitments. Nothing undermines trust faster than ambiguity or soft commitments, through phrases like "I'll try" or "I'll do my best." These are heard as attempts to stay off the hook, and furnish plausible deniability for anticipated failure. Don't be afraid to write down what you expect, and what you are willing to commit to.
Formalize business promise keeping. This simply means making it standard practice in your new startup of building a paper trail of contracts (no verbal contracts) between partners and vendors, customer transactions, and internal processes with team performance metrics.
Never make people ask. If you make people hound you about a commitment, you have already lost half of your credibility. Nothing builds trust better than anticipating your obligations and delivering on them without being asked. A debt repaid before it is asked for reaps a huge dividend in trust.
Communicate, communicate, communicate. No one can anticipate all risks and keep all their promises, but there is no excuse for a failure to communicate when contingencies arise, so there are no surprises. Lack of communication leads others to assume that you had no intention of keeping your promise, and were hoping no one would notice.
Aim past the target. It is impossible to be trustworthy in business if you are unreliable in the other aspects of your life. The monks teach that trust is not a business strategy or tactic; it is the natural by-product of living for a higher purpose. If you have no higher purpose as an entrepreneur than to make money, you will most likely fail in your efforts.
In business, as in your personal life, an entrepreneur must offer his own trust before reasonably hoping to have it reciprocated. Don't try to "game the system," and don't expect blind faith to save you. The power of real trust is that if your constituents trust that you can change the world, you probably will. Isn't that why you signed up for this lifestyle in the first place?
Follow Marty Zwilling on Twitter: www.twitter.com/StartupPro
More:

How Parenthood drove me crazyBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 21 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Max Burkholder as Max Braverman, Ray Romano as Hank Rizzoli in “Parenthood.” (Photo by: Jordin Althaus/NBC)
The six Braverman families at the heart of “Parenthood,” Jason Katims’s family drama, which is now in its sixth and final season, initially looked like a kind of liberal ideal. In adorable craftsmen houses and in small apartments, the Bravermans raised interracial families and a boy with Asperger syndrome. The clan included stay-at-home dads, single moms and corporate-drones-turned-recording-studio heads. “Parenthood” may have been a sly endorsement of conservative visions of self-reliance and strong families, but it was also overwhelmingly, unrelentingly a reflection of its Berkeley, California setting.
And as “Parenthood,” a show I have loved, draws to a close, that ethos is driving me slowly nuts. “Parenthood” has become everything that conservatives love to parody about liberal culture: myopic and obsessed with self-actualization to the point of doing real damage to others.
Most of my problems center around Adam (Peter Krause) and Kristina (Monica Potter). For the first few seasons, they seemed like the most stable leg of the zany Braverman table. They raised their son (Max Burkholder) with patience and good cheer after he received a diagnosis of Asperger syndrome, and if meant that their daughter Haddie (Sarah Ramos) occasionally got short shrift, the atmosphere in their house was such that she grew up in a dignified, smart young woman none the less.
But my affection for Adam and Kristina began to curdle last season.
After recovering from breast cancer, Kristina decided to run for mayor of Berkeley against her old consulting client, Bob Little (Jonathan Tucker). “Parenthood” might have tried to build a compelling case for her candidacy based on her past work experience, but instead, the show and her campaign treated her new zeal for life and her experience parenting Max as if they were credentials enough to run a city of more than 100,000 people. And both Kristina and “Parenthood” seemed to decide that Bob was some sort of bad person because he had previously dated Kristina’s niece Amber (Mae Whitman), who might have been younger than him, but was certainly of age. “Parenthood” treated the mayorality not like a serious job, but like an appropriate reward for Kristina’s fortitude.
This year, Adam and Kristina went ahead and opened a charter school, once again with parenting Max as their main qualification. And as Max develops a crush on his fellow student Dylan (Ally Ioannides), “Parenthood” has shown Adam and Kristina make a series of terrible mistakes that makes it impossible to trust them as school administrators and much harder to watch them without cringing in utter agony at their lack of self-awareness.
Max, perhaps not surprisingly given his diagnosis, turns to pick-up artist techniques to figure out how to approach Dylan. I understand why Adam and Kristina want to encourage him to develop social skills and to follow up on his feelings. But as both parents and school executives, they end up demonstrating an appalling lack of respect for the rights of other students, and in this week’s episode, they essentially got away with doing so.
When Max distributed flyers all over school, smearing another boy who Dylan had become involved with, Kristina gave him a talking-to, completely ignoring that she had two other students who had just been shamed by her son. In another bid for attention, Max declared his affection for Dylan in the lunch room, a gesture that had the effect of making Dylan feel an enormous amount of pressure. Kristina’s reaction was to congratulate him for his bravery in expressing his feelings, leaving Dylan alone in the cafeteria.
And this week, Kristina brushed off Dylan’s frantic requests to partner with someone other than Max for a school project. Max took the opportunity to pressure Dylan about dating him yet again.” “Is it because I haven’t demonstrated my physical affection and am now in the friend zone?” he demanded to know, trying to touch Dylan as she pushed him off, panicked, just as a group of visiting parents showed up.
Dylan’s parents are right to be furious about Max’s behavior and Adam and Kristina’s obliviousness and insistence that the whole thing is just a misunderstanding or a “complication.”
“Which complication are you referring to?” Dylan’s father demands to know. “Are you referring to when he distributed a bunch of malicious flyers all over the school about another student? Or the violence he threatened the boy with? Or maybe it was one of the tons of unwanted gifts he’s been publicly bestowing on our daughter?” Watching Adam lash out at them, characterizing their reaction as “a couple of absentee parents trying to blame somebody else for their own oblivion because you haven’t been home. You haven’t been watching your daughter”, made me feel physically ill.
But “Parenthood” is so solidly Team Braverman that it cannot assign Adam, Kristina and Max any really serious consequences. Dylan, despite her awful experience, begs Kristina to make the case to her parents that she should not have to switch schools. Her parents end up apologizing to Adam and Kristina and accepting Adam’s diagnosis of their parenting. Max is obviously upset by the prospect that he has been harassing Dylan: “Harassment is defined as aggressive or intimidating pressure. I was only trying to do nice things,” he explains to his parents. But even though Adam and Kristina bring over Max to apologize to Dylan, they also reassure him that he was not harassing her.
I understand the impulse to treat a character like Max with kindness–he is a child, and he was following a set of instructions, partially provided by his parents, that are dangerous precisely because they obscure nuance and consent.
But “Parenthood” could have made a sharper point that Max’s actions, no matter his intentions, did constitute harassment and make Dylan physically uncomfortable, and there ought to be consequences beyond a conversation. At a moment when pick-up culture and the language of sexual entitlement is having serious real-world implications, watching the Bravermans prioritize their son’s comfort over Dylan’s safety reveals the limits of their goodness. If I was sure “Parenthood” meant that to be the takeaway, I might be impressed. But that would run counter to everything Katims has taught us about the Bravermans over the previous five seasons.
And it’s genuinely disturbing to see Adam and Kristina get to go on as before despite the fact that they have effectively used a bunch of other students as objects in their ongoing project to help Max acclimate to the world. They never seemed qualifed to run a school, and now that they have demonstrated it, “Parenthood” might have considered letting them really fail, instead of just have yet another obstacle over which they emerge triumphant and flush with self-esteem.
Adam and Kristina may be the Bravermans who most make me wish to set my own hair on fire, but “Parenthood” is not doing other members of their extended family any favors, either.
Crosby Braverman (Dax Shepherd) is only now emerging from his extended adolescence. But the cause of his revelation is not exactly admirable. He recognizes that his hope that big bands will just spontaneously to record at his studio, the Luncheonette, is just a fantasy only when his wife Jasmine (Joy Bryant) has to take a square’s gig as a file clerk to make ends meet, rather than pursuing an artistic dream job. In Braverman-land, it’s a failure to self-actualize that is the biggest tragedy.
And Crosby and Adam’s niece Amber is also in a quandary that “Parenthood” has handled in a weirdly cavalier way. Their failure to build their business means that Amber is facing the loss of her job as she prepares to become a single mother to her baby with her ex-fiancé.
“Parenthood” had a very effective episode that highlighted just how unprepared Amber was for motherhood. Left to babysit Max and his younger sister Nora (played alternately by Mia and Ellen Allen), everything melts down. Amber realizes she does not even have a car seat, much less room in her tiny studio, for a child. That might have been the beginning of a productive multi-episode plot where Amber reckons with her decision to continue the pregnancy and with the other choices that have left her economically precarious. But “Parenthood” cannot afford to pay all their actors to be in all their episodes, and it has a lot to wrap up over its final shortened season. Some Braxton Hicks contractions aside, “Parenthood” does not seem to have a lot of time for Amber’s troubles.
The thing that would make the Bravermans annoying in real life–their blitheness and extreme comfort–also leeches the stakes out of a lot of their stories. Time and the vicissitudes of the heart still make for effective enemies, and it is no mistake that patriarch Zeek Braverman’s (Craig T. Nelson) struggles to accept his failing health, and Joel and Julia Braverman-Graham’s (Sam Jaeger and Erika Christensen) struggles to decide whether to end their marriage or repair it have been the high points of this season. But nothing else can touch the Bravermans. They will always be fine, no matter how they treat anyone else. That makes it hard to worry about them–and hard to root for them, too.
 

Potential Hillary Clinton supporters told inevitability is not a messageBy Anne Gearan November 21 Follow @agearan
NEW YORK - The 2016 presidential election will be a difficult fight for Hillary Rodham Clinton or any Democrat, and Republicans are likely to capitalize on voters' desire for change after eight years of a Democratic president, potential advisers and supporters of a Clinton candidacy said Friday.
"A tough thematic will be, 'a time for change,' and you can shove a lot under that thematic," said longtime Clinton adviser Harold Ickes.
Speaking to reporters after he briefing potential donors and organizers for a Clinton candidacy, Ickes said he told the group to prepare for a difficult election with a national electorate that remains roughly split 50-50 between the parties.
"If they put up the right ticket - and they’ve been known not to - but if they put up the right ticket, it could come down to be very, very hotly contested," Ickes said he told the meeting of leading donors to  Ready for Hillary , a pro-Clinton super PAC.
The group held a day-long session that featured briefings for donors by Clinton figures past and present with the expectation that Clinton will soon announce her candidacy. Many of the Ready for Hillary speakers preached the gospel of early organization and sophisticated voter databases - or as Ickes put it, "the list, the list, the list, the list, the list."
"Inevitability is not a message, it’s not something you can run on," added Terry Shumaker, a longtime Democratic  organizer in New Hampshire.
Clinton will need to quickly articulate why she is running, and distinguish herself from both her past and the last eight years, several participants in the Ready for Hillary session said.
"If she decides to run, she should not run as the third Bill Clinton term or a third Barack Obama term. She should run as a first Hillary Clinton term," said Craig Smith, a veteran Clinton strategist who has been advising Ready for Hillary.
Stephanie Schriock, president of the women's candidate network Emily's List, echoed the challenge of a Democratic candidate running to succeed a two-term Democratic president. She also said Clinton faces a special challenge as a universally known quantity and prohibitive front-runner.
"History says Americans really don't like to go with the same party for three terms," Schriock told reporters following her presentation to the donor group. "It's going to be the candidate who makes the case, and she's going to have to make the case."
Ready for Hillary has amassed a list of roughly 3 million supporters and raised nearly $11 million - including many contributions of $20.16 - in hopes of encouraging Clinton to run.
The database was a main goal of the organization, and much of the infrastructure Ready for Hillary built could fold into an official Clinton campaign once she announces and Ready for Hillary folds its tent, Ickes said.
Planned obsolescence was always the strategy behind Ready for Hillary, and the New York donorfest Friday served as something a valedictory for an organization that founders said far surpassed their original goals.
Under federal election rules, super PACs cannot directly coordinate certain kinds of fundraising and other activities with candidates, but Ready for Hillary is planning a legal way to make its list available to a Clinton 2016 campaign.
"If she decides to run she will have the ability to access that list," as part of a critical early database of potential supporters, Ickes said. The lesson of Barack Obama's 2008 and 2012 campaigns "underscored the importance of data, modeling, and the ability to identify and connect with individual voters."
Ready for Hillary will keep running for now, co-founder Adam Parkhomenko said. The group has 21 stops planned for its touring bus over the coming weeks, and is running what is likely to be a final organizing push for more names and supporters.
Ickes and others said they do not know whether Clinton will indeed mount a second run for the White House, or when she might announce. Schriock would not address rumors that she is a candidate to run the unannounced Clinton campaign.
 

Indo Rama Synthetics India Ltd reports Q2 sales of Rs. 716.81 croresIndo Rama Synthetics India Ltd reports Q2 sales of Rs. 716.81 crores
DB Schenker appoints Suresh Kumar as Director Region West IndiaDB Schenker appoints Suresh Kumar as Director Region West India
Gap in law keeps govt from acting on CBI chief  says Arun JaitleyGap in law keeps govt from acting on CBI chief  says Arun Jaitley
English Soccer Team Under Fire For Anti-SemitismWigan Owner Defends Manager's Anti-Semitic Comments, With Anti-Semitic Comments
Posted:
Updated:
11/20/2014  7:59 pm EST
Wigan Athletic owner Dave Whelan ahead of the FA Cup Semi-Final match between Wigan Athletic and Arsenal at Wembley Stadium on April 12, 2014 in London, England.  (Photo by Michael Regan - The FA/The FA via Getty Images) | Michael Regan - The FA via Getty Images
reddit
WIGAN, England (AP) — The owner of English club Wigan has made controversial comments about Jewish people while defending his decision to hire a coach who is under investigation for sending racist and anti-Semitic messages.
Malky Mackay was hired as Wigan manager on Wednesday even though the English Football Association is looking into a dossier from his time in charge of fellow second-tier team Cardiff, when he sent offensive text messages to a colleague.
Dave Whelan, a 77-year-old businessman who has owned Wigan since 1995, said in an interview with the Guardian newspaper — published on its website on Thursday — that he did not believe the anti-Semitic and racist texts sent by Mackay were offensive.
Commenting on a text sent by Mackay about Jewish people and money, Whelan said: "I think Jewish people do chase money more than everybody else. I don't think that's offensive at all."
Whelan also said there was "nothing bad" about a message sent by Mackay in which he used a term widely perceived to be insulting toward Chinese people.
Simon Johnson, the chief executive of the Jewish Leadership Council, said on Twitter that Whelan should "withdraw and apologize for his use of disgraceful antisemitic language."
West Ham co-chairman David Gold, who is Jewish, told the BBC he was "saddened by the words" which are "damaging relationships between him and many other people."
Kick It Out, an organization which tackles discrimination and racism in English football, said Whelan "brought into question whether he is a fit and proper person who should be running a professional football club." It added that Whelan's remarks "act as another example of the culture which continues to exist within football."
Wigan's shirt sponsor, Premier Range, said on Thursday it was ending its deal with the club following the hiring of Mackay, saying it "has put us in a position that we find untenable."
The company said Mackay's text messages "are at odds with the general ethos here at Premier Range."
Wigan is in its second season back in the second-tier League Championship after being relegated from the Premier League in 2013.
More:

How immigration reform could boost the housing marketBy Dina ElBoghdady November 21 Follow @DinaWaPo
Two men listen to President Obama's speech on his executive action on immigration reform in a storage room at Restaurant Santa Cecilia in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Los Angeles Times, Barbara Davidson)
About a year ago, President Obama showed up at a Phoenix high school to promote changes to immigration law, just as he did Friday at a high school in Las Vegas, where he worked to rally support for his decision to protect millions of illegal immigrants from deportation.
The focus of the speech back then was responsible homeownership, not immigration. But he insisted the two are closely tied. “When more people buy homes and play by the rules, home values go up for everybody, and according to one recent study, the average homeowner has already seen the value of their home boosted by thousands of dollars just because of immigration,” Obama said.
More recently, the administration’s top housing officials have echoed that point, sometimes emphasizing the potential of the Hispanic community. Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro has said that Hispanics “truly are the future” of the housing market. This month, Castro told The Washington Post that if changes in immigration law provided more certainty for this nation’s 11 million undocumented people  “you will see more folks who now are in limbo deciding in the future to actually purchase a home.”
So are Hispanics a particularly powerful force in shaping the housing market? They will be. But as a community, they also have their challenges, especially when it comes to homeownership.
One in four Millennials is Hispanic. Millennials – the nation’s largest and most diverse generation ever – are just entering adulthood and starting to make their own housing decisions. Of all the minority groups in that generation, Hispanics make up the largest share, according to an analysis by Experian Marketing Services.
Source: Experian Marketing Services
Hispanics are moving into homeownership more rapidly than other racial groups. Hispanics are likely to account for 180,000 to 220,000 new homeowners per year between 2010 and 2020, and even more in the 2020s, according to the Urban Institute.
Rolf Pendall, director of the institute's Metropolitan Housing and Communities Policy Center, analyzed homeownership trends by race based on three scenarios. The one that would lead to the fastest growth in homeownership rates assumes a strong economy and policies that encourage home purchases, such as a favorable lending environment for low-income borrowers.
Even under the “medium” scenario, Hispanics would account for 55.5 percent of new homeowners between 2010 and 2020, said Pendall, who based his analysis on U.S. Census Bureau data.
Sources: 1990, 2000, 2010 Census of Population and Housing; 2020 and 2030 are Urban Institute projections
based on slow, medium, and fast economic growth and weak, medium, and strong support for homeownership.
Assumes U.S. Census Bureau's 2012 mid-range population projection by race.
 
Hispanics are set to become even more of a force in the 2020s. That’s the decade when the number of white homeowners will be declining, in part because the predominantly-white Boomer generation will be “exiting out of homeownership,” to put it delicately, Pendall said. Keep in mind that the first Boomers were born in 1945, so they’re now entering their 70s.
As for white Millennials, they’re a bigger wild card than the Hispanics of their generation, Pendall added. Homeownership rates among young whites were up in the '90s and down the next decade, but they’ve been consistently trending higher for young Hispanics.
The immigration changes that Obama is making could nudge the numbers upwards for Hispanics by giving those who are unauthorized more secure status, Pendall said.  But it’s important to note that the majority of Hispanics in the United States are native-born, not immigrants. The number of unauthorized immigrants in this country has not grown since the recession hit largely because migration from Mexico has slowed down, according to the Migration Policy Institute.
Hispanics still face many barriers to homeownership. While the recession ended five years ago, the economic conditions for Hispanics haven’t improved much, and that cuts into their ability to own homes.
Between 2010 and 2013, the median income fell 9 percent for Hispanic families, compared to just 1 percent for white families, according to the Federal Reserve Board’s most recent Survey of Consumer Finances. In the same time period, the median net worth of white families rose 2 percent to $142,000, but the median for Hispanic families fell 17 percent to $18,100.
“Latinos and Latino families were adversely affected by the housing downturn, and even during the recovery they continued to fall behind,” said Enrique Lopezlira, a senior policy adviser at the National Council of La Raza. “Latinos are still losing income pretty substantially.”
Lopezlira cited research from the National Employment Law Project, which found that 35 percent of the job gains among Hispanics from 2007 to 2012 came from low wage jobs even though low wage jobs represented only 6 percent of the jobs lost.
Add to that the fact that many immigrants have limited credit histories in the United States, and it’s no wonder that Hispanics are having a tough time qualifying for a mortgage. In the wake of the housing bust, lenders have tightened up their lending standards even beyond what the government requires for mortgages that are backed by the federal government.
Here's a look at the lending landscape for now:
 
Source: Joint Center for Housing Studies, 2014 State of the Nation's Housing report
But there's hope.  Lopezlira points to analyses from  the Economic Policy Institute and the Center for American Progress, which project that wages for unauthorized immigrants will improve 8 to 9 percent because of the president's executive action, which presumably could help some of them qualify for mortgages.
 

Jaguar "Trousseau Week 2014" All Set to Celebrate the Diverse Cultural Beauty of the Traditional Indian WeddingJaguar "Trousseau Week 2014" All Set to Celebrate the Diverse Cultural Beauty of the Traditional Indian Wedding
Five injured in Congress  PDPclashPrint
By: Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: November 22, 2014 3:44 am
Five Congress and PDP workers were injured in a clash between supporters of the two parties at Udarna on the outskirts of Bhaderwah town. Sources said PDP candidate Mehboob Iqbal along with his supporters was on door-to-door campaign in the area Thursday evening. However, trouble erupted when Congress block president Shabir Khan and his supporters reached there at 6.30 pm and started raising slogans. The PDP workers also raised slogans in favour of their party. As tempers ran high, some Congress workers tried to attack the PDP candidate. The clash led to tension in the area. The police reached the spot and controlled the situation. Three Congress and two PDP workers were injured in the clash.

Youth held for throwing grenade at PDPrallyPrint
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar | Posted: November 22, 2014 3:41 am
A youth was caught by people for allegedly throwing a grenade at a Peoples Democratic Party rally in Kulgam. The grenade did not explode. The PDP blamed its opponents for the attempt, saying it can’t be a militant attack.
On Friday, when PDP Noorabad candidate Abdul Majeed Padder was addressing a rally in Damhal, a grenade was allegedly lobbed towards him but didn’t explode. PDP supporters rushed towards the youth and caught hold of him.
He was later handed over to the Army and then to the police.
Police identified the detained youth as Naushad Ahmad Ganai, a resident of Augam village in Kulgam. “People caught hold of a youth who lobbied a grenade at a rally in Dumhal area of Kulgam district,” police spokesman Manoj Kumar Pandita said. “During investigations, it was found that he (Naushad) was involved in the killing of a treasury officer in 2005. His brother Mohamamd Rafeeq, a militant, was killed in an encounter in 2005.”
Kulgam SP Mumtaz Ahmad, however, said they don’t have much information about the youth. Asked whether he belonged to any militant outfit, Mumtaz said: “Nothing is clear yet.”
The PDP candidate whose rally was targeted blamed his political opponents for the attack. “Thank god the grenade fell in the mud and didn’t explode,” Padder told The Indian Express. “It is hundred percent a political attack.
Militants are not involved.”

Formed coalition govt in J&K to keep communal forces at bay: SoniaGandhiSonia Gandhi at a rally in North Kashmir’s Bandipore district on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | Bandipore | Posted: November 22, 2014 3:35 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 6:10 pm
With Assembly elections round the corner, Congress President Sonia Gandhi addressed her first rally in the Valley on Friday, promising to set up two councils for Kashmir and Jammu, and create separate developmental councils for Chenab valley and Pir Panjal, if her party was voted to power.
She also promised that they will set up a new airstrip and boost tourism infrastructure. Despite the winter chill, thousands gathered in the stadium in this north Kashmir town hours before Sonia’s arrival. She was accompanied by Congress leaders Ghulam Nabi Azad and Ambika Soni and J&K Congress president Saif-ud-Din Soz.
Talking about the recent floods that hit the state, Sonia said, “The way people helped each other has added to your respect in my heart… The Congress contributed to help you in whatever way possible… At this time of sadness and worry, I don’t feel like talking politics. But why is the relief work so slow here?”
She then reminded people of the time an earthquake hit Kashmir nine years ago and how the Azad government and the UPA worked day and night to provide relief. “But what is happening today? Today, when the BJP is ruling at the Centre, it seems that they have nothing to do with your miseries. Even the money that was sought (for relief) wasn’t given,” she said.
Hitting out at the BJP-led government at the Centre, Sonia said that dreaming is easy but running a country where there are no communal or personal biases is hard. “This is why to keep communal forces away from J&K and to defeat them, we formed coalition governments here,” she said.
She admitted that due to coalition compulsions, there were times when the Congress was not able do things the way it wanted. “But we tried our best to provide equal development in all three regions of the state,’’ she said. “My request is that you should give every vote to make Congress candidates win to safeguard the secular principals in J&K.”
Azad, meanwhile, was more direct in his attack. “Those people who say they will fight the BJP are lying. In reality, every regional party of Kashmir is in a secret pact with the BJP. If anybody can fight the BJP, it is us,’’ he said. “The NC and PDP are limited to Srinagar. If you want to fight the BJP, vote for Congress.”
Soz said, “The BJP has made an RSS pracharak the PM. It is one man’s government. This one man created a communal divide.”
Though the crowd was chanting the name of Congress’s local candidate in Bandipore, Usman Majeed, he was missing from the rally. Majeed joined the Congress a few years ago and a majority of people at the rally were his supporters. “He (Majeed) gave cricket continued…

Murdered Manipuri scholar was a reclusive  shystudentPrint
Written by Mihika Basu | Mumbai | Posted: November 22, 2014 3:35 am
At the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS), there is a sense of unease among a select bunch—including teachers and students— who are yet to fully come to terms with the fact that one of their alumni and friend 33-year-old Kashung Zingran Kengoo is no longer around.
The former TISS student from Manipur was killed brutally in Delhi last Wednesday.
Prof. J J Roy Burman, a faculty member at TISS’s Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policies who was Kengoo’s guide for his Phd. Programme, recalled on Friday his close association with the student from Manipur. “He was a quiet, reclusive and shy student, who did not mix with others at the campus hostel. It was not in his nature to mingle. Thats’s why it is a huge surprise for me as to who could have possibly been his enemy,” he said. Kengoo studied in TISS between 2007 to 2012, completing his MPhil from the institute and subsequently completed his PhD there in 2012.
Kengoo was found dead, his throat slit, inside his rented flat at Delhi’s Kotla Mubarakpur. Students at TISS organised a condolence meeting for Kengoo on Friday.
A Tangkhul himself, part of a Naga tribe living on the Indo-Myanmar border area and straddling Ukhrul district in Manipur, Kengoo did his doctorate thesis on the challenges and problems in higher education among Tangkhul Nagas. “Tangkhul Naga is one of the leading tribes in Manipur and is involved in the underground movement. The tribe is one of the most developed tribes in Manipur. Otherwise a calm and quiet person, Kengoo, however, spoke passionately about his tribe and would get agitated about issues concerning his tribe and people,” said Burman, who had visited Kengoo’s native village.
Burman said that Kengoo came from a very poor family and his parents sold trees to support his education and had later shifted from their village to Ukhrul township.
Burman, who guided Kengoo on his Phd programme for three years, said that unlike many students who struggled with their docotoral theseis work, Kengoo could finish it at one go, on time and with ease. “Once, when he went back to his home in Manipur and was delaying his PhD work, my wife called him and scolded him and asked him to come back and focus on finishing his thesis. He promptly came back and finished it at one go. That showed his determination to do well,” the professor recalled. Kengoo wanted to be a researcher and after finishing his PhD, he was doing research work for the Church and was also publishing his work in research jorunals.
Kengoo’s guide is not clear whether this was a hate or caste-killing. “He was staying at a flat in Kotla. Whether there were people who stayed in that area and harboured anti-northeast sentiments, is tough to say,” he said.
The former TISS student’s friends also describe him as a person who did not argue and always remained focused on his studies. “I knew him as a straightforward and calm person. He had a continued…

Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu visits Bal ThackeraymemorialPrint
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 22, 2014 3:32 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 3:41 pm
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu, whose induction into the central ministry has created a schism between the BJP and the Shiv Sena, visited Bal Thackeray’s memorial at Shivaji Park in Dadar.
This was Prabhu’s first visit to the city after after becoming a minister in the Modi cabinet.
No senior Shiv Sena leader was present when Prabhu visited the memorial. The BJP had inducted Prabhu as a minister much to the chagrin of the Sena, which had been opposed to his induction as he was not a active member of the party. Prabhu had been a member of the Shiv Sena for the past two decades. He was made a minister in the union cabinet as a Shiv Sena MP during the NDA regime. Prabhu’s induction into the Modi government had been challenged by the Sena. Prabhu subsequently left the Sena and joined the BJP the day he was sworn in as a minister.
Prabhu, meanwhile, also interacted with various commuter groups and heard their woes. BJP MP Kirit Somaiyya and Poonam Mahajan were also present for the meeting. Mumbai’s commuters have been demanding better travel facilities in the city.
Mumbai’s trains are packed like sardine tins, where eight people stand in less than one sqare metre of space. The linear transportation system which offers only North South connectivity has also been the bane of Mumbai’s transport system and there have been increasing demands to improve passenger comfort.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Playing it Slow andEasyThe rock revolution, to coin a phrase, faded out by 1980 and then began again with full force in the 1990s.
Posted: November 22, 2014 3:31 am
By Sidharth Bhatia
Authors: Susmit Sen with Sehba Imam
Publishers: Harper Collins
Pages: 160
Price: Rs 699
In October 1962, when the Beatles released their first single, Love Me Do, it created a ripple of excitement around the world. The single only reached number 17 in the UK, but its impact was far-reaching. Around the world, youngsters heard this new sound and immediately took to it. Six months later, when the first LP of the group, Please Please Me was launched, it immediately shot up the charts. The Beatles had arrived.
In faraway India, where the local radio station did not play western music, young teens too fell in love with this music — within months, groups were popping up all over the country, in Bangalore, Bombay, Madras and Calcutta. Scores, if not hundreds of bands emerged on college campuses and elsewhere over the next decade-and-a-half, playing covers and original music on ratty guitars, wilting drum sets and amps and other equipment no self-respecting musician would touch. Besides, no one was ready to give a recording contract or pay big bucks to a non-Bollywood performer.
The rock revolution, to coin a phrase, faded out by 1980 and then began again with full force in the 1990s. Indian Ocean, Euphoria, Parikrama — the list is long. These groups had access to slightly better equipment and instruments, but they were very different from their predecessors — they wanted to create their own, entirely new sound and were ready to experiment with local languages. Other bands in the past had tried raga rock (Human Bondage) and Indian language lyrics (Mohiner Ghoraguli), but they were exceptions — most stuck to classic rock in English.
But, as Susmit Sen tells us in his memoirs, the journey to success in the 1990s was full of the same problems that his musical forebearers had faced. Recording companies remained sceptical, venues were few and far between, and as for money, you would be foolish to give up your day job.
Yet, Sen weaves a charming story of growing up, early struggle, later success and the joys and problems it brought. It has moments of gentle humour, reflection, self-deprecation and some candidness too. The book, as told to Sehba Imam, sounds and reads like a casual chat over a drink or three, the fire crackling, the mood nostalgic. There are no sudden flashes of drama or excitement, but a slow unfolding of a person’s journey.
The early chapters are about Sen’s childhood, a fairly middle-class one in Delhi, where he grew up with a father working for the government and two siblings. He had trouble with academics, barely getting through and then doing poorly in college — he explains it as his continued…

In Jharkhand  Modi says reply to bullets throughballotNarendra Modi in Latehar on Friday. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Latehar | Posted: November 22, 2014 3:27 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday alleged that his opponents tried to murder Braj Mohan Ram, BJP candidate from the Latehar Assembly constituency, because they were afraid of losing.
Modi was addressing a rally in Latehar’s Chandwa town to support the BJP-AJSU alliance’s candidates for Latehar, Chatra, Lohardaga, Gumla and Bishunpur constituencies, which go to polls on November 25 in the first of the state’s five-phased elections. Modi, on a one-day visit to the state, addressed a rally at Daltonganj town earlier.
Ram’s personal assistant and a security guard were killed when his vehicle collided with an empty coal truck on November 14. “Those who know it is not possible to win the election have begun the politics of murder,” Modi said.
On arrival at the venue at 1.45 pm, Modi was seen talking to Ram, who has his fractured left arm in a sling. Soon after his accident, Ram had alleged that it was an attempt on his life. A source close to him said Ram suspected it to be the handiwork of a candidate fielded by a Jharkhand-based party.
“Priyaranjan Paswan gave his life to politics. Our candidate’s bodyguard Hiramani Prasad Devi sacrificed himself doing his duty. Our candidate survived… but my friends, we should reply to bullets through the ballot. Chot ka jawaab vote se dena hai,” said Modi. “Elections come and go, people win and lose. But we should not defame our political principles… I appeal to all parties that violence should have no role in our lives,” he added.
Without directly mentioning Maoists, Modi asked them to lay down arms. “I want to tell our youngsters as a brother that the guns on your shoulders can redden the earth, kill someone’s son. On the other hand, if you had your hand on a plough, you can make the earth green,” he said.
Modi recalled that he had visited adjacent Chatra during the Lok Sabha elections for a rally. “Back then, I was contesting myself, I wanted to win. Still, the crowd was not even half of this. This only means that we are going to win again this time,” he said.

Dow  S&P 500 power to new records on China stimulusDow  S&P 500 power to new records on China stimulus
Pandit pie in realty firmPandit pie in realty firm
GMR seeks Rs 4 987 cr damages from Maldives for Male airportGMR seeks Rs 4 987 cr damages from Maldives for Male airport
It will be a new extension for us in South India: Kishore BiyaniIt will be a new extension for us in South India: Kishore Biyani
Tata motor target 585Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy shasun for tar get 245Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Which company given this contract...may be 67$Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

2 crore jump is made from not giving any salary hikespeople r leaving ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Restaurants in Jaipur...and many more cities coming soon!
Subscribe to our burrptastic newsletter
You are now subscribed to our newsletter - thank you!
FOLLOW US ON

CARLO ALLEGRI / Reuterscarlo allegri / reuters
Spencer Platt / Getty Imagesspencer platt / getty images
Jeans maker launches push on ethical factoriesJeans maker launches cheap financing for more ethical factories
Shawn Donnan, World Trade Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a541bcb4-6417-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimco fund monthly outflows reach $27.5bnAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Wall Street Year-End Bonuses Will Be Ho  Ho Humwall street year-end bonuses will be ho  ho hum
Germany plans early-warning cyber defence© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/54ce1fea-68f2-11e4-b389-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US and India end WTO stand-off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b0898366-6b0d-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman Sachs forex trader leaves bankGoldman Sachs forex trader quits after claims of prior misconduct
By Sam Fleming in London and Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3fc26538-6f6a-11e4-b50f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nokia N1: Nokia s first Android tabletPrev Next
Nokia announced its first Nokia-branded Android tablet, the N1. Nokia has been teasing a new product for several days, but very few would have guessed that the product in question would be an Android-powered premium 7.9-inch tablet, and that's exactly what it is.
Nokia announced its first Nokia-branded Android tablet, the N1. Nokia has been teasing a new product for several days, but very few would have guessed that the product in question would be an Android-powered premium 7.9-inch tablet, and that's exactly what it is.

Catastrophes could cost banks $15bnCommodities catastrophes could cost banks up to $15bn
Tom Braithwaite and Gregory Meyer in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e72f7a34-7034-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias Modi has awkward fiscal challengeIndia’s Narendra Modi faces awkward fiscal challenge
James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/600d55b8-6be2-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nato holds largest cyber war gamesNovember 20, 2014 5:38 pm
Nato holds largest cyber war games
Sam Jones, Tartu, Estonia
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c46a600-70c5-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama set for US immigration showdownObama set for US immigration showdown
Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/310f3414-7030-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hedge fund used Cayman shells for shortingTiger Global used shell company to short sell Quindell
Miles Johnson, Hedge Fund Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/a458f5da-70a4-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spice island is case study in debt trapsSpice island is case study in debt traps
Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bc8f3d2-59fe-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Website of the Year: Vote for www.economicti...This is somewhat embarrassing, isn’t it?
It seems we can’t find what you’re looking for.
Partners

Wynn Resorts Denies Money-Laundering Probewynn resorts denies money-laundering probe
Jimmy de Castro explains why he called time out on The GameJimmy de Castro explains why he called time out on The Game
Jonathon Brandmeier
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Jonathon Brandmeier, who made his debut on WGN-AM in 2011, was later moved to wgn.fm and his morning show was simulcast on WGWG.
Jonathon Brandmeier, who made his debut on WGN-AM in 2011, was later moved to wgn.fm and his morning show was simulcast on WGWG. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
Television Industry WGN Radio Media Industry WGN Radio Economy Comcast Corporation
After it was announced The Game was up, Jimmy de Castro explains why.
The decision to pull the plug on FM sports talk radio station The Game on Thursday after nine months on the air was not an easy one for WGN-AM 720 president Jimmy de Castro.
It was even harder on staffers, including at least one who found out while on the air, venting his frustration to listeners.
But with Chicago radio revenues declining this year and WGWG-LP 87.7 unable to turn a profit, de Castro said WGN Radio needed to cut its losses.
8
"The market is way off and the economics won't support us," de Castro said. "It's unfortunate that it's that way this year and at this time."
The all-sports station will finish out the year and be off the air as of January 1, de Castro said Thursday.
Technically a low-powered TV station, Tribune Media has been operating WGWG through a local marketing agreement with Los Angeles-based Venture Technologies Group, which owns the frequency. The lease agreement runs through Sept. 2015, and de Castro wasn't sure what, if anything, will be on the station come January.
"It's not going to be the sports format, that's for sure," de Castro said.
@Right Wing Tool How many stations does this make he's been fired from now? Are there any left he hasn't been fired from yet?
Thomas71
29
The Game didn't gain much traction in its short run, ranking tied for 34th among Chicago stations with a 0.5 share in the latest Nielsen listenership survey. WSCR-AM 670, owned by CBS Radio, has a 2.5 share, while ESPN's WMVP-AM 1000 has a 1.6 share, according to Nielsen.
WGN is also ending its streaming online radio station, wgn.fm, de Castro confirmed. As part of the change, Jonathon Brandmeier, whose morning show was simulcast on WGWG and wgn.fm, has been let go, along with Garry Meier, whose afternoon show was bumped from WGN and moved to the online station in May.
Brandmeier's contract with WGN was up, while Meier's contract runs through September.
"We've tried a lot of things. Some have worked and some haven't," de Castro said. "In the case of 87.7 and wgn.fm, the economics haven't dictated the ability for us to make money, and we're in the business of making money."
While the FM station and the online station are going away, de Castro said WGN is planning to move into podcasting as an alternative way to connect with listeners.
"Coming next year we'd like to create a podcast model that gives instant access to media in an on-demand world," de Castro said. "Our goal is to build that forum for everything we have on the AM."
The failure of The Game and the streaming online station, which de Castro had said would be a talent incubator for a future FM acquisition, has apparently ended such a pursuit, at least in the near term. But he is confident that WGN-AM 720, stripped of the money-losing side ventures and some high-priced contracts, will have a successful 2015.
"WGN is going to be great, we're going to come around a corner and make a lot of money next year," de Castro said. "It's just taken us awhile to get here and it's unfortunate that the sports station hasn't worked."
Executives planned to break the news to air personalities on The Game and wgn.fm as they completed their shifts. That shifted to Plan B after midday co-host Ben Finfer found out via social media during his show Thursday and vented his frustration on the air.
"I said probably some pretty harsh stuff," Finfer said near the end of his noon to 3 p.m. show. "I don't know what you can even relate it to — finding out while you're on the air that you're being fired. It's pretty lame the way we got treated today."
De Castro said he understood Finfer's frustration.
"He got a little bit upset," de Castro said. "That's a tough way to find out."
The Kap & Haugh Show, which is simulcast weekdays from 9 a.m. to noon on WGWG and Comcast SportsNet Chicago, will remain on the cable channel after January 1. The show features David Kaplan and the Chicago Tribune's In the Wake of the News sports columnist David Haugh.
Everyone else may be out of a job come January, but de Castro is optimistic many of the staffers will find new media homes in short order.
"I think a lot of these guys are going to get jobs," de Castro said.

Ohio Advances Nation s Most Extreme Abortion Bill'Heartbeat' Abortion Ban Advances In Ohio
Posted:
Updated:
11/20/2014  3:59 pm EST
This photo taken June 5, 2012, outside the statehouse in Columbus, Ohio, shows a large balloon in support of a bill that would ban abortion as soon as a fetal heartbeat can be detected.  A new version of the bill advanced on Thursday.  (AP Photo/Ann Sanner) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
Republican lawmakers in Ohio on Thursday advanced a bill that would ban abortion as soon as the fetal heartbeat can be detected, as early as six weeks into a pregnancy.
H.B. 248, the so-called "Heartbeat bill," advanced out of the House Health and Aging Committee by a party-line vote of 11 to 6. If it passes the Republican-controlled House and Senate, doctors who perform abortions after the imposed limit would face a fifth-degree felony . Opponents warn the bill would ban abortions before some women even realize they're pregnant.
“The members of the Health Committee are so callous that they refused to add amendments to provide exceptions for victims of rape and incest or to remove criminal penalties that could be used to imprison doctors that provide abortion care," said Kellie Copeland, executive director of NARAL Pro-Choice Ohio. "The chilling effect of this crusade is being felt throughout the medical community and will no doubt result in talented physicians leaving Ohio to practice in other states.”
Only one state in the country, North Dakota, has ever passed an abortion bill as extreme as the one pending in Ohio, and the North Dakota bill was struck down and declared "unconstitutional" by a federal judge in April.
Supporters of the Ohio bill argued during the committee meeting that the heartbeat is undeniable proof of life. But the president of the state Senate, Keith Faber (R), said he's worried the bill is so extreme that it could undermine the anti-abortion cause. “I have grave concerns that if the Heartbeat Bill were to be passed, it would jeopardize some of the good, pro-life work that we've done in the General Assembly," he said.
The state Senate blocked an earlier version of the bill last year. Then-Senate President Tom Niehaus (R) said at the time that lawmakers wanted to "focus on jobs and the economy."
Ohio is steadily making it harder for women in the state to obtain legal abortions. Existing anti-abortion laws are expected to shut down all of the Cincinnati-area abortion clinics , and the state Senate on Wednesday approved the nomination of Rick Hodges, an opponent of legal abortion, to lead the Ohio Department of Health. Reproductive rights advocates pointed out that Hodges, a former Republican state lawmaker, has no experience working in public health.
“The confirmation of Rick Hodges is a huge step backward and is an assault on the rights of Ohio women by politicians pushing their personal ideologies," said Ilyse Hogue, president of NARAL Pro-Choice America. "We insist on the appointment of qualified men and women for posts in charge of public health decisions and safeguarding the programs that keep our families safe. We demand accountability for anyone who puts partisan politics over sound public policy."
Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) said Hodges has the "management ability" to run the heath department and will have assistance "recruiting an expert clinical team."
Also on HuffPost:

This Indian Start-up Could Disrupt Health Carereddit
Frustrated at the lack of interest by the medical establishment in reducing the costs of diagnostic testing, and seeing almost no chance of getting the necessary research grants, Kanav Kahol returned home to New Delhi in 2011. He was a member of Arizona State University's department of biomedical informatics. Kahol had noted that despite the similarities between most medical devices in their computer displays and circuits, their packaging made them unduly complex and difficult for anyone but highly skilled practitioners to use. As well, they were incredibly expensive -- costing tens of thousands of dollars each.
Kahol knew that the sensors in these devices were commonly available and inexpensive, usually costing only a few dollars. He believed that he could connect these to a common computer platform and use commercially available computer tablets to display diagnostic information, thereby dramatically reducing the cost of the medical equipment. He also wanted to repackage the sensor data to make them intelligible to technicians with just basic medical training -- the frontline health workers who do the tasks of physicians in parts of the world where physicians are in short supply.
Kahol and his Indian engineering team built a prototype of a device called the Swasthya Slate (which translates to "Health Tablet") in less than three months, for a cost of $11,000. This used an off-the-shelf Android tablet and incorporated a four-lead ECG, medical thermometer, water-quality meter, and heart-rate monitor. They then enhanced this with a 12-lead ECG and sensors for blood pressure, blood sugar, heart rate, blood haemoglobin, and urine protein and glucose. In June 2012, they sent this device to 80 medical labs for testing, which reported that it was as accurate as the medical equipment they used -- but more suitable for use in remote and rural areas, because it was built for the rugged conditions there.
By January 2013, Kahol's team had incorporated 33 diagnostic tests, including for HIV, syphilis, pulse oximetry, and troponin (relating to heart attack) into the Swasthya Slate and reduced its cost to $800 per unit. They also built a variety of artificial-intelligence-based apps for frontline health workers and started testing these in different parts of India.
According to reports that Kahol shared with me, in Muktsar Punjab, the number of antenatal care visits increased from 0.8 to 4.1 per mother after the Swasthya was deployed there. The blood-pressure and urine-protein sensors allowed for the diagnosis of a condition called preeclampsia, which is responsible for 15 percent of maternal mortality in India. A year earlier, only 250 mothers were screened for preeclampsia, and 10 were confirmed to be preeclampsic. Because the detection was very late in the pregnancy, eight of these mothers nevertheless passed away. After the introduction of the Swasthya Slate, 1,000 mothers were screened during their third trimester, of whom 120 were detected to have preeclampsia. All were given the necessary care, and there were no fatalities.
In March 2014, the Indian government started a pilot of 4,250 Swasthya Slates in six districts of the northern state of Jammu and Kashmir, which has a population of 2.5 million. Antenatal testing, which often took 14 days because mothers had to go from clinic to clinic for different diagnostic tests, was done in 45 minutes in a single clinic. The proportion of the time that frontline health workers spent on administrative paperwork, recording data from tests and filling out forms, was reduced from 54 percent to 8 percent of their work day. Hundreds of thousands of people gained access to medical care that had been unavailable to them.
Kahol believes that, in high volumes, the Swasthya Slate can be produced for as little as $150 per unit. This will surely make a difference in the developing world, where the ratio of doctors to patients is often as low as 1:50,000 instead of the 1:1,000 that the World Health Organization recommends. But it is needed in the United States as well.
Such health kits will allow doctors to diagnose and advise patients remotely, through telemedicine, which is enabled by using technologies such as Skype and Facetime. If patients can take regular tests in the comfort of their homes and upload data to the cloud, it will dramatically increase the quality of health care they receive and reduce its cost. Continuous monitoring of health data by artificial-intelligence-based apps will enable the prevention of disease, especially lifestyle disease such as diabetes and cardiovascular illness.
The Swasthya Slate is not FDA approved and may never be. The bureaucracy and time delays for testing sensor-based medical devices often discourage medical innovation in the United States. Instead, the device will have been tested by tens of millions of people abroad before finding its way to the United States. The results and data will speak for themselves.
These are the types of innovations that we will increasingly see from entrepreneurs from all over the world. They will take advantage of technologies such as computing, sensors, artificial intelligence, networks, and synthetic biology -- all of which are advancing at exponential rates and are available globally. The capabilities of these technologies are increasing as their prices fall. Our smartphones now have greater computing power than did the Cray supercomputers of yesteryear. Sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes, and blood-oxygen meters are now tiny microchips that cost pennies. These entrepreneurs will disrupt industries -- not only in their own countries, but also in the United States.
Vivek Wadhwa is a fellow at Rock Center for Corporate Governance at Stanford University, director of research at Center for Entrepreneurship and Research Commercialization at Duke, and distinguished fellow at Singularity University. His past appointments include Harvard Law School, University of California Berkeley, and Emory University.
Follow Vivek Wadhwa on Twitter: www.twitter.com/wadhwa
More:

Greg Oden Wore A T-Shirt As Sad As His Lookreddit
Greg Oden wore a T-shirt to an Ohio State basketball game Tuesday night that read, "Basketball Never Stops."
On most people the shirt would be just another Nike advert. But on former Buckeye Oden, as many outlets noted, the message dripped with irony : Basketball has stopped for the 7-foot Oden many times during what was once considered by some to be a can't-miss career when he was drafted No. 1 overall in the 2007 NBA draft.
That time grumpy Greg Oden wore a shirt that says "Basketball Never Stops"

Shahi Imam has no right to appoint his son as successorEYE BROWSE
Shahi Imam has no right to appoint his son as successor
The court has, however, refused to stay the anointment of Bukhari’s son, but asked him to explain his decision by Januray 28.
Yahoo India –  Fri 21 Nov, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: Syed Ahmed Bukhari, the Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid, has no right to appoint his son as his successor, the Delhi High Court said on Friday.
However, the court refused to stay the anointment of the Shahi Imam’s 19-year-old son, Shaban Bukhari, as his deputy (Naib Imam), saying the ceremony has no legal position.
A division bench of Chief Justice G. Rohini and Justice R.S. Endlaw said that anointment ceremony has no legal position, as informed by the centre and the Delhi Waqf Board, so it can't stay the ceremony.
The central government and the Waqf Board Thursday told the court that anointment of Naib Imam was "illegal" and has no legal sanctity.
The court also issued notice to centre, the Delhi Waqf Board and the Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid, Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari, the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), DDA and MCD and sought their response by Jan 28.
The court was hearing three public interest litigations (PILs) that said Jama Masjid is the property of the Delhi Waqf Board and Bukhari as its employee cannot appoint his son as Naib Imam.
The ASI and central government have told the court that Jama Masjid is a historical monument and it has to be decided how rule of primogeniture will apply on succession of Imam or chief cleric.
The PILs said Bukhari's decision to anoint his 19-year-old son Shaban Bukhari as the Naib Imam or the deputy Imam was wrong as there is no provision under the Waqf Act for hereditary appointment of the Imam.
"Despite knowing that the Imam is an employee of the Waqf Board and it is the board which has the right to appoint an Imam, he (Bukhari) has declared his 19-year-old son to be a Naib Imam and is holding a dastar bandi ceremony for the purpose, which is purely anti-Islamic," the pleas said.
Jama Masjid is India's largest mosque built during the Mughal era.
The three PILs asked the court to declare invalid the appointment of Bukhari as the Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid. The PILs also alleged that there is a "complete anarchy and misuse of power" by the Shahi Imam of the Jama Masjid.
Bukhari recently sparked off a controversy by announcing that he has invited Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif for the ceremony of anointing his son as the deputy Imam but did not feel the need to invite Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi. (Agencies)
Recommend

Obama to shield 5m from deportation riskObama to shield 5m from deportation risk
Barney Jopson and Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7081261e-7104-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama gambles on immigration reformObama hits Las Vegas to drum up support for immigration overhaul
Megan Murphy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/532553e8-7153-11e4-818e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Demand for Alibabas bonds hits $55bnInvestor demand for Alibaba’s bonds reaches $55bn
Eric Platt and Michael MacKenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/949dddf2-70f1-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sothebys chief Ruprecht to step downSotheby’s chief Bill Ruprecht to step down
By Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8dfd21bc-7108-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yen has fallen too fast  says Japans finance ministerAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Tiger Globals short-selling web© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56b53e6e-70d7-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anonymous Quindell short-seller unmaskedAnonymous groups that bet against Quindell and Blinkx unmasked
Miles Johnson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39a324bc-70aa-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fed asks whether it is too close to banksFed asks whether it is too close to banks
Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7849eeee-70ff-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman Sachs/NY Fed  wrong door© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/6ec3bad8-70d9-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China police detain teachers after strike© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c28a15c-7124-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese shun party ruleChinese strike back against party rules
Patti Waldmeir
Citizens engage in passive resistance to plethora of new edicts
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51610c28-6668-11e4-9c0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Police chief warns on cyber terror attackPolice chief warns on strong likelihood of City cyber terror attack
Helen Warrell, Public Policy Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2504334e-6e51-11e4-bffb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Report blasts US banks physical commodities operationsReport blasts US banks’ physical commodities operations
Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/785e4552-700e-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bill Gross to manage $500m for SorosBill Gross to manage $500m for George Soros
Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d035ba70-70f0-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fund manager hangs up his apron and returns to PimcoFund manager hangs up his apron and returns to Pimco
Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d80fae0a-5f83-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias Modi joins great power gameIndia’s Narendra Modi joins the great power game
Philip Stephens
PM has disappointed at home but been energetic and assertive internationally
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/651ce248-6f35-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Protean artist who was constantly on the moveNovember 20, 2014 4:51 pm
Protean artist who was constantly on the move
Nigel Andrews
Mike Nichols, writer, actor and director, 1931-2014
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/46c28abc-70cc-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saud bin Mohammed bin Ali al-Thani  collector  1966-2014© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db052196-6b2a-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Prime property in St Kitts and Nevis© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82a99d5e-5aba-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Creditors prod Grenada on debt delaysFebruary 7, 2014 6:44 pm
Creditors prod Grenada over lack of progress on debt
By Robin Wigglesworth in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e65f6732-901e-11e3-aee9-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Real fall tracks more than Brazils woesReal’s plight tracks more than Brazil’s woes
Henny Sender
Cheaper energy helps US compete with emerging market rivals, writes Henny Sender
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aec412dc-70e2-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Get perfect eyebrows like these celebsBigg Boss 8
Top five tips for incredible eyebrows
Want eyebrows even Cara Delevingne would be envious of? Benefit Cosmetics eyebrow expert Jared Bailey shares his top tips on how to get incredible brows.
Yahoo7 Lifestyle Tue 11 Nov, 2014 10:06 AM IST
Trending now
Prev Next
1. Find your perfect shape
The base for any brow trend starts with finding the right shape that fits your face. Brow mapping will help to find the shape perfect for you. Get it done by a professional at a brow bar, like Benefit, or try doing it yourself at home with these steps.
1. Take a straight edged object, like a pencil
2. Measure from the dimple of the nose to the beginning of the brow. This is where your brow should start.
3. Find the arch ... more 
1. Find your perfect shape
The base for any brow trend starts with finding the right shape that fits your face. Brow mapping will help to find the shape perfect for you. Get it done by a professional at a brow bar, like Benefit, or try doing it yourself at home with these steps.
1. Take a straight edged object, like a pencil
2. Measure from the dimple of the nose to the beginning of the brow. This is where your brow should start.
3. Find the arch by beginning at the edge of the nose and passing through the pupil to the highest portion of the brow. This should be your brow’s highest point for an eye-lifting effect.
4. Measure from the outer edge of the nose past the outer corner of the eye. This is where the brow should end.

Johanna Weber  mathematician  1910-2014© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/146abb02-70ae-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Opportunities await if the GOP seizes the momentThe Post reports :
House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) on Nov. 6.  (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg)
House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) on Friday fired twin salvos at President Obama’s recent executive actions, announcing a House lawsuit challenging the implementation of the 2010 health-care law and vowing to counter Obama’s move to provide relief to millions of illegal immigrants with legislative action.
In a clearly coordinated campaign against what Republicans have labeled as Obama’s “imperial presidency,” Boehner announced the filing of the lawsuit minutes after he publicly denounced Obama’s  executive action on immigration , and the first legislative hearing bringing representatives of the administration to Capitol Hill has already been announced.
As for how to respond to the president’s executive order, “Boehner declined to spell out exactly how Republicans would counter the immigration executive actions, which extend protections to roughly 4 million undocumented parents of legal U.S. citizens and young immigrants brought here illegally when they were children.” It does seem as if the president has entirely rejected politics as normal. ( David Gergen , who personifies the mushy middle, writes, “For a president to toss aside such deep traditions of governance is a radical, imprudent step. When a president in day-to-day operations can decide which laws to enforce and which to ignore, where are the limits on his power? Where are the checks and balances so carefully constructed in the Constitution?”)
However the House responds — and certainly censure should be in the mix — Republicans should make clear that the president is no longer acting like a president of the country, but as a political operative of one segment of the electorate — the liberal base, an ever-diminishing segment of voters under his tutelage. The more he does this, operating with no coalition outside his party, the more the public recoils and boots Democrats out of office. The president’s base shrinks further, and he is forced to come up with more lavish gifts for those who remain, which in turn enrages more voters not in his select group of beneficiaries. This is how the Democratic Party has lost both houses of Congress, governorships and state legislatures during his term. What that leaves the GOP is an opportunity to reformulate its center-right coalition in time for the next presidential race, when not only the policies but the spirit of Obamaism — government by brute force and nasty partisanship — will be on the ballot.
How do they do this?
First, by rejecting governance by bullying and by inflaming the base, the Republicans can earn the trust of the country as a whole (no red states and blue states and all that). That may mean a character like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ( “Sit down and shut up!” ) is not right for the times. And it may also mean the public will run from bombast from the right, as it gets nonstop from Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) Someone nice, calm, centered and respectful — the sort of person you’d want as a neighbor — would certainly be a welcome break from the furor Obama has incited.
In addition to choosing a measured person with a sunny outlook for their 2016 standard bearer, the House and Senate Republicans should bombard the president with conservative legislation that has broad appeal. Let him veto it or direct his minions in the Senate, who have no political will of their own, to filibuster it. It does not matter if it is signed into law. What matters is that the GOP sets up a clear choice — radical government on behalf of the few vs. respectful government for everyone.
So, yes, censure the president and file a lawsuit. (As to the latter, conservative legal scholars explain : “In Massachusetts v. EPA (2007), a state sued the Bush administration for failing to issue regulations controlling the emissions of greenhouse gases. Standing should have stopped Massachusetts from forcing the president to enforce its understanding of the Clean Air Act. But with the liberal Justice Stevens writing, the Court held that Massachusetts had standing because, some day, the rising seas caused by global warming might reduce the state’s coastline. We consider the Court’s finding of injury to be tenuous, if not laughable. But if Massachusetts enjoys standing because of the rising seas, a state today must have standing to challenge the non-enforcement of the immigration laws. States, especially those along the nation’s borders, will expend more money and resources on the illegal aliens in their jurisdictions. They will have to spend more on police and social services, such as education and health care. Just as Massachusetts could sue to force the Bush administration to enforce its preferred understanding of the Clean Air Act, so states today should be able to sue to force the Obama administration to enforce the immigration laws.”) And use the power of the purse and oversight to bedevil the White House, but do not let that become the core mission.
Recall how Republicans won the Senate — good candidates, focused on a common-sense agenda. The real payback is another big win at the polls. Democrats have show that so long as they hold either house or the presidency, there is only strife and chaos. Now Republicans must show they are fully capable of running the show until Democrats come to their senses.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

No need for Tigers elaborate camouflageNo need for the Tiger’s elaborate camouflage
Short selling is a legitimate activity that does not need to be disguised
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d9e4a80-7176-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukip beats Tories in second poll winCoalition stops ‘war’ to agree deficit plan
The result shows British politics have become “unpredictable beyond comprehension”, said Ukip leader Nigel Farage. He admitted he had no idea whether his anti-EU party – which won May’s European Parliament election in the UK – could turn its two by-election victories into a general election breakthrough .
The defeat was a personal embarrassment for David Cameron, prime minister, who visited Rochester several times during the campaign and had obliged his cabinet members and MPs to follow suit.
Mr Cameron vowed to win back the seat in the general election but there was no sign that the by-election upset posed an immediate threat to his position as Conservative leader, largely because opinion polls show he remains more popular with voters than his party.
Political analysts saw in the Rochester result another example of how unhappy Britain’s voters have become with the country’s three main political parties . Mr Cameron has presided over an economic recovery that has delivered growth and 1.6m new jobs over the past four years, but which has also seen falling real wages and cuts to increasingly strained public services.
Two images from Rochester captured the breakdown in relations between Britain’s voters and its political elite.
The first was of a victorious Mr Reckless, arms aloft and enjoying his triumph over his former colleagues in the Conservative party, claiming that Rochester was a staging post for even greater things.
The second was posted on the Twitter feed of the Labour MP Emily Thornberry , an “image from Rochester” depicting a white van outside a terraced suburban house draped in red and white England flags of St George.
Ms Thornberry’s tweet came to symbolise the rupture between Britain’s political class – she is a wealthy lawyer living in an affluent area of north London – and the patriotic, football supporting, “white van man” that Mr Reckless now represents for Ukip.
Ms Thornberry resigned as shadow attorney-general after critics said the tweet was a sneering comment on the sort of white working-class voters who have switched to Ukip in droves in recent months.
She denied that was her intention, but her resignation – endorsed by Labour leader Ed Miliband – was a reflection of the panic sweeping through the political establishment over its perceived detachment from voters.
More video
Mr Miliband will face more questions about how far apart his party has grown from its core supporters. The Labour leader lives in a multimillion pound house in the same part of north London as Ms Thornberry.
Her resignation helped Mr Cameron and his party, who were able to turn a humbling defeat by Ukip into a story about Mr Miliband’s fumbling leadership of the Labour party.
Comment
What Ukip’s win in Rochester means for its chances in 2015
Last night the UK Independence party won its second seat in Britain’s parliament, writes Matthew Goodwin, Chatham House fellow and Nottingham university associate professor.
The result was not simply a product of national winds concerning public anxieties over immigration and the established political class. It also reflected uniquely local factors: Ukip’s improved campaigning at the grassroots; the reluctance of Labour to invest seriously in the campaign; and the failure of the Conservatives to find a strong alternative candidate or deliver a coherent anti-Ukip strategy.
Continue reading
But the rise of Ukip has exposed a dangerous gulf between voters and the main political parties, which shows no sign of narrowing with less than six months until the next general election.
Senior Tories are fretting over the possibility that Ukip, far from fizzling out, is pumping itself up and momentum could continue until polling day in May next year.
Come next year’s election: “They could go down to 10 per cent,” said one senior Tory MP. “On the other hand they could go above 20 per cent.” At that level, Nigel Farage’s party could win numerous seats and hold the balance of power.
After all, less than two months ago Mr Cameron was boasting at the Tory conference that he would win Rochester and Strood and crush the “turncoat” Mr Reckless under the weight of the party’s campaign machine.
Both Tories and Labour spent the campaign attempting to address Ukip’s appeal on immigration by setting out increasingly tough policies on migration from the EU, to no avail.
They discovered that Mr Farage likes nothing more than to lure the mainstream parties on to his pitch. He cannot lose – he can always trump his opponents by saying he would simply deal with excessive immigration by taking Britain out of the EU.
Mr Cameron has not given up yet and has promised a “major speech” on immigration soon, but as his US election adviser Jim Messina has warned, the issue is a distraction: “Every day we don’t spend talking about the economy is a day wasted.”
The Labour recriminations over Ms Thornberry’s resignation will buy him some time – but not much. Ukip has gained further momentum from Rochester and both Conservatives and Labour have less than six months to find a way of stopping the onward march of the “people’s army”.
Related Topics

Farage to target dozens of seats in MayNigel Farage to target ‘dozens of seats’ in general election
Elizabeth Rigby, Deputy Political Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6beee10-718b-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Labour tweet taken as evidence of elitismLabour tweet taken to flag up political elitism in the UK
George Parker and Elizabeth Rigby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9dd08d64-7193-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ubers insurgency machine backfiresUber struggles to get back on right road
Tim Bradshaw and Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco and Arash Massoudi in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f8ccb9e-7111-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Google break-up plan emerges from Brussels© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/617568ea-71a1-11e4-9048-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Most affordable neighborhoods with best schoolsTweet
For many homebuyers, the top consideration when searching for a place to live is where their children will go to school. As a result, consistently stellar schools often go hand-in-hand with high home prices.
Finding a good school in an area that is inexpensive and has a strong job market is especially hard. Yet, according to a recent report from housing market data firm RealtyTrac, there are hundreds of good schools located in areas that are relatively affordable. A select number of these schools are located in housing markets where average mortgage payments cost less than 15% of the local median household income. Based on RealtyTrac’s findings, these are 10 affordable neighborhoods with the best schools.
Click here to see the 10 most affordable neighborhoods with the best schools
Many, although not all, of these schools are located in markets where the average home price is quite low. For instance, the average home price in each of the three lowest-cost markets with top schools was less than $100,000. A home in the 33712 zip code, in St. Petersburg, Florida, cost an average of just $56,163. Parents there can access Lakeview Fundamental Elementary School, where scores on statewide standardized tests are 40% above the state average.
Affordable access to good schools is still available in markets where home prices are somewhat higher, as well. Three of the schools reviewed were in zip codes where the average home price was over $150,000. In the 60503 zip code, located in Aurora, Illinois, residents paid an average of over $172,000 for a home in the 12 months through mid-October.
Of course, for these pricier homes to be affordable, household incomes must also be higher. For example, residents in Aurora could easily afford higher payments on their homes. The median household income in the 60503 zip code was estimated at nearly $110,000, well above that of the U.S. overall.
In an interview with 24/7 Wall St., Daren Blomquist, vice president at RealtyTrac, said that these areas provide a unique value proposition for home buyers, especially younger first-time homeowners. “They can find a good job and have a good school for their kids to go to and also start building their wealth by buying an [inexpensive] home.”
In fact, these areas also had fairly strong job markets. None of the schools reviewed were located in counties where the unemployment rate, as of September, exceeded the national rate of 5.9%.
Blomquist added that while the group’s research could identify what schools were in affordable neighborhoods, it was largely intangible factors that allowed these schools themselves to excel. As Blomquist noted, factors such as “parent involvement, the quality of the teachers you have, [and] the commitment of these teachers” exemplify intangible factors that are often vital for student success.
However, Blomquist did point to a few features that help make these particular areas affordable. They “tend to be more suburban areas, they may be close to urban areas but they’re outlying,” he said. Homestead Elementary, for example, is located in Aurora, Illinois, just outside of Chicago. Pine Brook and Briarwood elementary schools are also located near Rochester, New York. Blomquist also pointed out that many of these areas are located in the Midwest, where home prices are generally more favorable.
To identify the most affordable neighborhoods with the best elementary schools, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed RealtyTrac’s recent report, “20 Most Affordable Markets With Good Schools.” In the report, RealtyTrac considered U.S. zip codes with unemployment rates — as of the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ September 2014 data — lower than 6%. According to the report, test score data came from each states’ Department of Education and were based on statewide averages. The higher above the state average the school’s score is, the higher the grade. Average home values were based on sales deeds recorded over the 12 months prior to November and were calculated by RealtyTrac using Freddie Mac’s 30-year mortgage for every month. Affordability was calculated using the U.S. Census Bureau’s annual median household income data data from 2000-2012, which RealtyTrac used to project an estimated 2014 household median income.
In addition to RealtyTrac data, we reviewed poverty rates, educational attainment rates, average commuting times, and additional housing data from the U.S. Census Bureau. These data were based on five years estimates between 2008 and 2012 and are the most recent available.
These are the most affordable neighborhoods with the best schools.

ECB proceeds can be kept as fixed deposits for 6 monthsECB proceeds can be kept as fixed deposits for 6 months
U.S. spectrum auction raises more than $30 billionU.S. spectrum auction raises more than $30 billion
Man gets 3 yrs jail for filming sexual act with womanPrint
Written by Kaunain Sherrif | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:14 am
A Delhi court has sentenced a man to three years in jail for secretly filming a sexual act between him and a woman without her consent. The court acquitted him of rape charges and termed the act “consensual”.
Additional Sessions Judge Virender Bhat has convicted Rohit under Section 66 E of the Information Technology Act for “clandestinely” filming and taking “obscene” photographs of the woman.
Observing the act as a “serious one”, the judge said, “No person has any right to photograph or film private areas of another person without their consent, even if two persons know each other well or are in an intimate relationship.”
The conviction comes in a case where the woman had lodged an FIR alleging that Rohit had taken “obscene photographs” of her and had made an MMS clip. She also alleged that she was raped at his flat. She alleged that he filmed the act with a mobile phone hidden in a cardboard box kept in the room.
The court refused to take a lenient view and observed that such crimes needs to be dealt with sternly as the “market” for “obscene photographs” and “sex videos” is growing these days.
“The woman’s life will be ruined if the videos or obscene photographs are made public via the internet and other means. Therefore, it cannot be said that the crime committed by the accused is not a serious one,” the judge said.
During the trial, Rohit claimed he was falsely implicated in the case and that the woman filmed the video on her mobile phone.
However, the court refused the contention, saying, “He has miserably failed to establish this in the defence. He does not say a word about the same in his testimony and does not have any evidence to prove it.”
The court has also convicted Rohit under sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) IPC , 342 (wrongful confinement) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC. It also slapped a fine of Rs 50,000 on him which will be paid to the woman as compensation.

Kohli makes the right noisesIndia’s stand-in captain Virat Kohli at a conference ahead of the team’s departure to Australia in Mumbai Friday.
Written by Bharat Sundaresan | Mumbai | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:14 am
The last time India toured Down Under, Virat Kohli was all of 23, a novice at Test level, and the apprentice in a stellar batting line-up brimming with experience and quality.
Yet at the end of the series, in which India were humbled 0-4, it was he who emerged as the silver lining. The solitary high-point in the debris of reputations that lay strewn around him.
Three years on, Kohli departed for Australia as India’s new Test captain. The man who presently and potentially holds the key to the future of Indian cricket as it braces up for its mightiest test yet, a four-Test gauntlet in a land where it’s once-mighty present was laid to waste last time around. But on the eve of the team’s departure, Kohli seemed hardly overawed, neither by the enormity of the challenge he’s accepted or the fact that he will lead a team whose experience on Australian soil is all of 16 Tests.
He strode in for his maiden press conference as Test skipper, looking dapper in the team suit, with the same buoyancy with which he does when he has his bat in hand. But even Kohli couldn’t help but exude awe as he listed the unique trials and tribulations that lay ahead of his young Indian team when they step foot on Australian soil come Saturday, his reference point being of course the disastrous summer of 2011-12.
“That tour was a milestone in my career and a career-changing phase for me. I was a different person and a different character when I left the shores of Australia back in 2012. I never experienced the aggression and that kind of an atmosphere,” said Kohli, who averaged 37.50 in 2011-12 with a century in the fourth Test at Adelaide.
“Right now the mood in the team is very positive, we are focusing on being aggressive and having that mind-set throughout as a habit rather than fading out in six months’ time.,” he added.
Positivity, aggression and belief: these were Kohli’s buzzwords and three that he would use incessantly in his maiden press conference as Test captain. By now, the Delhi right-hander has been part of enough debacles overseas to know that when an Indian team is pinned down on foreign soil, they take no time in going totally down under. It doesn’t take much for shoulders to sag, the feet to drag and for homesickness to set in. And it is only by being positive and aggressive and believing in their own ability that the trend can be arrested. Or that’s what Kohli demands of his present set of players.
“You have to think of winning every single minute of the day, before the tour and after going there also. That’s how you continued…

AAP proposes WiFi access across DelhiApart from the WiFi project, the AAP also said it would bring out a unified transport smart card. (Source: Express Archive )
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:11 am
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Friday said it was possible to provide WiFi across the city through a project that would cost nearly
Rs 150 crore. The AAP also said it would bring out a unified transport smart card as well as a mobile application, that will help people get information on public amenities.
Speaking on the WiFi project, AAP leader Adarsh Shastri said, “With this project, we intend to create an information super highway. We have spoken to different companies and the entire project would cost Rs 100-150 crore. The national capital has over 1 crore mobile users. We also plan to come up with a mobile application that can provide users with different services related to governance and also provide information about public amenities.”
Shastri said the WiFi would be free of charge for the first 30 minutes after which users will have to pay a nominal fee. Party leaders said the project will be used to elicit the support of Delhi’s youth, months before Delhi goes to polls.
“The party intends to implement the project through a partnership model where another company will invest capital besides the Delhi government. We have already spoken to vendors who have expressed their interest to us,” Shastri said.
Shastri, a former Apple executive, said the party will also work towards developing a unified travel card cutting across Metro, bus and other transport services. “Many cities in the world have a similar service. One card will make travel seamless and simpler and help people,” he said.

Modiplomacy: Obama Republic Day guestPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with US president Barack Obama at the White House during his visit to US in October 2014. (Source: AP photo)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:10 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 4:25 pm
US President Barack Obama will be the chief guest at the Republic Day parade on January 26, becoming the first US President to grace the occasion.
Explained:  Why the invite marks a watershed in India-US ties
Signalling a new chapter in Indo-US ties after his meetings with Obama in Washington, on the sidelines of the East Asia summit in Myanmar and at the G-20 summit in Australia, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said he had invited Obama. He tweeted: “This Republic Day, we hope to have a friend over… invited President Obama to be the 1st US President to grace the occasion as Chief Guest.”
This Republic Day, we hope to have a friend over…invited President Obama to be the 1st US President to grace the occasion as Chief Guest.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 21, 2014
In response, the US National Security Council tweeted “President Obama will travel to India in Jan 2015 to participate in Indian Republic Day celebration as Chief Guest. President Obama will meet w/@narendramodi and Indian officials to strengthen and expand the U.S.-#India strategic partnership. Visit will mark 1st time US president will have honor of attending Republic Day, which commemorates adoption of India’s constitution #India.”
India accords special significance to the choice of chief guest for the Republic Day celebrations. New Delhi intermeshes strategy with hospitality to decide its chief guest. The choice every year is dictated by a number of reasons — strategic and diplomatic, business interest and international geo-politics.
Meeting on the sidelines of the East Asia summit in Myanmar capital Nay Pyi Taw, Obama called Modi, a “man of action”. And then came the announcement of an Indo-US agreement on the WTO.
@ invite of @narendramodi President Obama will travel to #India in Jan 2015 to participate in Indian Republic Day celebration as Chief Guest
— @NSCPress (@NSCPress) November 21, 2014
Obama last visited India in November 2010 when he had come to Mumbai and New Delhi on a State visit.
The choice of the US President is indicative of the push which the Modi government wants to give to India-US relationship at the beginning of his five-year term.
@ invite of @narendramodi President Obama will travel to #India in Jan 2015 to participate in Indian Republic Day celebration as Chief Guest

Disillusioned by AAP  Dhir joins BJPM S Dhir (left) with Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:07 am
In the first instance of a senior Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader joining another party, former Delhi Assembly Speaker and AAP MLA from Jangpura Maninder Singh Dhir joined the BJP on Friday.
Dhir said he was “disillusioned” with the AAP’s undemocratic set-up and showered praises on Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The former speaker, who had successfully contested the last Assembly elections from Jangpura constituency, said the country was “progressing” under Modi’s leadership. “India is progressing well under the leadership of Modi who has given a development mantra,” Dhir said.
Dhir also said he was not new to the BJP. “Before I joined AAP, I was involved with the saffron party. So for me, it is like returning home,” he said.
Dhir said he was disillusioned with the AAP after the party’s national convenor Arvind Kejriwal resigned as the chief minister.
“Kejriwal had one chance to form a government, but the party got emotional and resigned that they should not have done,” he said.”
“I was upset with what Kejriwal and what the party did. Kejriwal hurt the emotions of the masses, which supported him, by resigning. Moreover, the party has become undemocratic. Only a few people take all the decisions. I tried to reach out to Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia but they did not respond. So, I had to join the BJP today,” Dhir said.
He said that Kejriwal’s “mistake” cannot be forgotten. “Kejriwal admits that he made a mistake but it cannot be forgotten. They (AAP) are now seeking another chance from the people. But, what is the guarantee they will not run away from their responsibilities and leave people in the lurch again?” Dhir said.
Dhir, however, denied that he had joined the BJP to contest the coming Assembly elections on a BJP ticket.
Asked if the BJP would give a ticket to Dhir, state party in-charge Prabhat Jha said the party would take a decision at an appropriate time.
Meanwhile, Rohit Rajpal, a former captain of the Indian Davis Cup team, has also joined the BJP.
“I am very happy to join the BJP which has given me a chance to serve the country again. I am inspired by the leadership of Prime Minister Modi,” Rajpal said.

Civic bodies on project launch spree before pollsPrint
Written by Naveed Iqbal | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:03 am
With elections likely to be announced soon, the three municipal corporations of Delhi are in an inauguration overdrive. In November alone, the corporations announced at least six inaugurations, all by senior BJP members including Union Minister Smriti Irani and state party president Satish Upadhyay.
Sources have confirmed that the maximum number of events have been lined up for Union Minister Harsh Vardhan. The corporations function as the lowest governing body in the city and their role has been amplified in the absence of an elected government in the capital.
With a BJP government at the Centre and majority in all three divisions of the municipal corporation, the BJP is seeking to make optimum use of the situation to consolidate its position before polls are announced in Delhi.
Harsh Vardhan inaugurated a nursery school and a multi-specialty Ayurveda Centre at Geeta Colony on Friday.
On the same day, MP Parvesh Verma inaugurated a primary school building at Vishal Enclave in West Zone, which was built at a cost
Rs 3.07 crore.
On November 17, Smriti Irani inaugurated a municipal school building at Sonia Vihar, Shahdara.
Upadhyay, too, inaugurated an auditorium in a community centre built by the North Corporation at Wazirpur village at a cost of Rs 1.75 crore.
The municipal bodies are also rushing to complete projects and are organising “last minute” functions before the model code of conduct comes into force.
However, BJP councillors denied any connection between the events and the imminent election.
“Inaugurations and functions are routine events. They are unconnected to the elections. Our leaders attend these events to encourage our efforts,” North Delhi Mayor Yogendra Chandolia said.
Interestingly, besides the local councillors and MCD officials, former MLAs representing the area and party president Upadhyay have attended all such events.

N Srinivasan to Supreme Court: Reinstate me as BCCI presidentHe added that the incident involving the player was not related to the IPL and also not in betting, match-fixing or any corrupt activity.
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:02 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 4:14 am
Refuting the Mudgal probe panel’s charge that no action was taken against an Indian cricket team player found guilty of violating code of conduct, the BCCI and its ousted chief N Srinivasan told SC Friday that the player was orally reprimanded as per rules, but the infraction was neither related to the IPL nor involved betting or fixing.
While Srinivasan sought his re-instatement as the BCCI chief stating there was “absolutely nothing” in the Mudgal report to incriminate him, the cricketing body said the panel was “incorrect” in indicting him and other officials for not taking actions.
BCCI maintained the violation was “minor” and it took place at a time when Shashank Manohar, not Srinivasan, was the president, and Ranjib Biswal the manager. It attached with its reply a separate affidavit by Biswal, who concurred that the incident had happened during his tenure as the Indian team manager and that he had brought the violation to the notice of the then president, Manohar. Manohar asked him to call the concerned player and orally reprimand him in accordance with the BCCI rules. Keeping in view the nature of the allegations, the bonafide explanation offered by the player and also as to his age and antecedents, Biswal had reprimanded the player and sent a report to Manohar.
Srinivasan, who was at that time the honarary secretary of the BCCI said he had no role in the entire episode since the president had never instructed him to do anything on the issue and that he spoke to the said player, who had been duly warned.
He added that the incident involving the player was not related to the IPL and also not in betting, match-fixing or any corrupt activity. “I may draw the attention of this court to the undertaking given by me and recorded in the order dated March 28, 2014 that I will not discharge my duties as BCCI president till the probe is concluded. There is no reason for me to continue to stay away from my elected position,” Srinivasan said. The court will hear the matter on Monday.
‘NO TRUTH, ONLY MALICE’
His affidavit added: “I have already lost close to the whole year of my elected term on the basis of wholly false and motivated charges. I pray that the honourable court discharge me from my undertaking and allow me resume my office and pass an appropriate order in this regard.”
The conclusions in the Mudgal report, Srinivasan said, vindicated his stand that all allegations of his involvement in the IPL corruption case were “false, baseless and motivated out of malice.”
India Cements has also continued…

Police rule out foul play in Manipuri students deathShunii’s brother Thonii and friends at AIIMS. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 3:57 am
Police have ruled out foul play in the death of MA student from Manipur, Shunii. His body was found in his rented flat in Malviya Nagar’s Khirki Extension on Thursday.
A senior officer said, “We are waiting the post-mortem report. Only then will we be able to conclude the cause of death. Since there are no visible external injuries on his body, Shunii’s viscera samples have been sent for examination.”
Police said Shunii had shared drinks with a couple of friends on Wednesday night.
Shunii, a second-year English Honours student of Sri Aurobindo College, loved playing football, Thomas, a family friend, said. “He was also good at his subject. His death is sudden and unfortunate,” he said.
A funeral service was arranged outside the AIIMS mortuary on Friday. His body will be flown back to his home in Senapati district of Manipur, his brother Thonii said.

Family Sentenced To Death In Pakistan For Lynching Pregnant WomanFamily Of Farzana Parveen Sentenced To Death In Pakistan For Lynching Her Over Marriage
Reuters
Updated:
11/19/2014  8:59 am EST
Khalida Perveen elder sister of the late Farzana Perveen, holds a picture which according to Bibi is of Farzana's first marriage with her cousin Mazhar Iqbal during a news conference in Lahore. (Rana Sajid Hussain/Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images) | Pacific Press via Getty Images
reddit
By Mubasher Bukhari
LAHORE, Pakistan Nov 19 (Reuters) - Four relatives of a  pregnant woman who bludgeoned her to death outside one of  Pakistan's top courts were sentenced to death on Wednesday for  the crime, their defense lawyer said.
The 25-year-old's family attacked her because they objected  to her marriage. Farzana Iqbal's murder in May this year briefly  focused attention on Pakistan's epidemic of violence against  women.
Her father, brother, cousin, and another relative were all  sentenced to death and a $1,000 fine, said defense lawyer  Mansoor Afridi. Another cousin was sentenced to 10 years in  prison and also fined $1,000.
Pakistan currently has a moratorium on executions, meaning  death row prisoners are effectively sentenced to life  imprisonment. But Afridi said the family planned to appeal. He  said the verdict was "a decision based on sensationalism."
The state prosecutor was not immediately available for  comment.
Women are murdered every day in Pakistan for perceived  slights against conservative social traditions. The crime is so  common it rarely rates more than a paragraph in newspapers.
But Farzana's case attracted attention because it took place  on a busy street outside the provincial High Court where she had  gone to seek protection. Her family beat her to death with  bricks while her husband, Muhammed Iqbal, begged nearby police  for help. They did not intervene.
Iqbal later admitted that he had murdered his first wife to  marry Farzana. He escaped punishment because his son forgave  him. According to Pakistani law, a woman's next of kin can  forgive her murderers.
Since Pakistani women are often killed by their close  relations, the loophole allows thousands of murderers to escape  without punishment.
In 2013, 869 cases of so-called "honor killings" were  reported in the media, according to the Human Rights Commission  of Pakistan. The true figure is probably higher since many cases  go unreported.     (Reporting By Katharine Houreld; Editing by Jeremy Laurence)
More:

Axe hangs over LPG subsidy for richAxe hangs over LPG subsidy for rich
SpiceJet trying all options to mop up fundsSpiceJet trying all options to mop up funds
Sharif urges Obama to take up Kashmir issue with IndiaSharif urges Obama to take up Kashmir issue with India
Iran and the West scramble to strike deal before deadlineIran and the West scramble to strike deal before deadline
UPDATE 4-U.S.  Iran discussing new ideas to break nuclear impasse - sourcesUPDATE 4-U.S.  Iran discussing new ideas to break nuclear impasse - sources
Third quarters and fourth quarters are week for aqua industry. perform...60 Followers
Reposted about 13 days 5 hrs 37 min 20 sec ago by m2invest
when it is 3 rs you are  where to mention   the received target. Now, you are come where to give target below par.  we bought 97 blindly for 500. dont give target unrealistic.   every body who bough what rate may be chance to come out.  whether high or low.  before next results it test 70 and not good then test 40. like that it will fluctuate and  it wiil  seen 10  after changing somany hands.  now even scrap is not at 10.  any how  very much thanks. It is better to mention on pril 1st.
In reply to : m2invest message
8.35 PM Nov 25th

Over a period of few qrtrs  i expect this deal to offer considerable o...Gold Member
20 Followers
Reposted about 16 days 15 hrs 55 min 45 sec ago by ashuragini and 1 others
Dear BG, pl find opinion of REIANCE MONEY on lcc takr over,
Tech Mahindra – Event Update - En route US$5bn target with LCC deal
Tech Mahindra has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Lightbridge Communications Corporation, a leading US-based telecom network engineering services company for an Enterprise valuation of US$240mn, implying deal valuation at 7x EV/EBITDA and 0.6x EV/Revenue in an all-cash 100% buyout. The deal is expected to be closed by 4QFY15E (Jan-end). The deal rationale is around increasing footprint in the network services space by adding diverse capabilities particularly in the design  engineering services domain and a greater blended value proposition for TECHM’s existing marquee client base. We believe that TECHM has secured strong asset at reasonable valuations which will enable up-scaling its telecom division. We also believe that synergy benefits such as offshoring lever can be deployed to optimize the consolidated margin structure.
LCC contours & Deal highlights
LCC CY14 revenue is expected at US$425mn, which has grown at 24% CAGR (organic   inorganic) over the past 6 years. Among LCC’s geographic revenue segment, US and Europe contribute 30% each to the revenue and RoW contributes 40%.
LCC has presence in 55 countries and employs 5,700 employees. Revenue per employee of LCC stands at US$74,500 as compared to US$37,700 for TECHM. We believe that LCC will add significantly to TECHM’s onsite presence across geographies. Management highlighted client stickiness with a duration of 6-8 years for multiple strategic clients.
LCC’s top-20 clients contribute 80% to its revenue and ~30 clients will be added to TECHM’s existing active client base of 649. We believe that TECHM and LCC’s expertise and leadership in the network services will drive greater penetration into wireless and wire-line clients.
LCC’s operating margin stands at 8% and the normalized net margin is at 3% which makes it marginally dilutive upon consolidation with TECHM. Debt stands at US$85mn and the deal payout is expected to be ~US$220mn.
Outlook & Valuation
We increase our FY16E US$ revenue to US$4,899mn (US$4,470 earlier) and lower our FY16E EBIT% by 115bp to 18.2%. While the deal is marginally dilutive in FY16 (FY16E EPS moderated by -0.1%), we believe that the synergy benefits are likely to play out over FY17E. We maintain our BUY on the stock with a target of Rs3,000. We believe that TECHM has secured strong asset at reasonable valuations which will enable up-scaling its telecom division.

Compare with sbi-- jk has 48 crore equity with 4816 crores of reserve;...Silver Member
2 Followers
Compare with SBI-- JK has 48 crore equity with 4816 crores of reserve; SBI has 684 crore equity&98200reseve--analyse JK has 233.53 timesmore than equity as against 67 times of SBI; JK gives Re 6 as dividend as against of Re$ by SBI ; NPAs for both banks at over 4%, Judge for yourself .SELL SBA & BUY JK
4.10 AM Nov 22nd

1bn usd = 100*60 = 6000crs.Gold Member
14 Followers
Yes simple equity ratio of 9/58* 900/- =140  ( without adjusting for mkt share or liabilities in books) , so 100  is also possible. But Jet etihad may be a shady deal . You need someone with deep pockets ( mid east carriers) to get into this. But Maran must ahve compromised somewhere since he was trying for past 2 yrs without success..I only hope deal goes thru and spicejet gets the funds to turn around as itll make sence to hold this stock for long then...

Another brick in thewallSrikanth beat Wei Nan 21-14, 21-15 to enter the HK semis. (Source: File photo)
Written by Shivani Naik | Mumbai | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:43 am
There’s a sense of thrill and anticipation among India’s badminton followers each time Kidambi Srikanth takes to the court these days. Nervous excitement about what the 21-year-old will do next, tinged with whispered pride and wondrous awe about how an Indian is managing to pull off all those feats on the international arena. All of this last week, the charm of his victory over Lin Dan has hung in the air like fresh dew, and there are prayers going across the country willing that spell to not be broken.
The faithful will wake up on Saturday wondering what to expect when the bloke from Guntur and Hyderabad faces World No.2 and China’s latest champion Chen Long in the semifinals at Hong Kong. It’s guaranteed that many more will tune in at 11.30 am than did last Sunday when a virtually unknown Srikanth scored over Lin Dan.
Chen Long starts as a favourite — he’s the reigning World Champion, has won the All England, and a consistent world No 2. But optimism is gently sweeping over shuttle’s Indian fans with Srikanth acting as medium while spreading the good word of badminton. And Anup Sridhar who clinched the rare few marquee wins of the last decade in men’s singles reckons that the Saturday face-off is not to be missed.
“There’s few things in badminton better than beating Lin Dan in China. After that nobody’s out of reach really. Yes, Chen Long starts as favourite and the whole pressure will be on him. I’d definitely say Srikanth can take him on and it is 50-50,” Anup says confidently.
Such flattering odds, and bold estimates would’ve been unthinkable last Saturday when Srikanth quietly entered the finals at Fuzhou for the China Open. But not any more. The 21-year-old disposed off local lad Wei Nan 21-14, 21-15 in Hong Kong on Friday, to set up a delicious tussle between India and China’s current best players.
Chen Long’s not No. 2 for nothing. His frame is beastly, and his game is efficient. “He’s significantly taller than Lin Dan and that’s the main adjustment for Srikanth. Naturally for his height, he tries to keep shuttle down and attacks. But Srikanth’s not one to cower and his strength is attack too,” Anup says.
The former India No.1 and Olympian believes the winner will be the one who dominates the front-court. “It’ll be a battle of who can rule the net, and who lifts the shuttle up. The net’s where the game will be decided,” Anup reckons.
As such, Lin Dan’s mellowed in his attack and changed his style quite a bit. Chen Long’s sharper — tipped by China as the one who will take over the reins of domination. “But Srikanth is in the ideal frame of mind and he has nothing to lose. He’s continued…

8 yrs after Sachar  Muslims still out of Govt jobs and schools:PanelPrint
Written by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:40 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 9:09 am
Eight years after the Sachar committee report on the condition of Muslims and creation of a Ministry of Minority Affairs, a post-Sachar evaluation committee, headed by former JNU professor Amitabh Kundu, has concluded that though a start has been made in addressing development deficits of the community, government interventions have not quite matched in scale the large numbers of the marginalised.
Poverty levels among Muslims, the committee found, remained higher than the national average between 2004-05 and 2011-12. In terms of consumption expenditure, Muslims are third from the bottom — after the Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes.
Set up in August 2013 by the UPA government for an evaluation of the status of Muslims after the Sachar committee findings, the Kundu committee was given an extension by the NDA government. It submitted its report to the Ministry of Minority Affairs nearly two months ago but there has been no movement thereafter. Nor have contents of the report been made public.
While Najma Heptulla, Union Minister of Minority Affairs, was not available for comment on the Kundu committee findings, Minister of State of Minority Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said: “Bigger than the issue of discrimination is the issue of political exploitation. The so-called champions of secularism exploited Muslims, brutally and badly, all these years. That is why socio-economic and educational uplift has lagged. Votebank politics took precedence. That is why we are working very keenly towards achieving both goals. We will make on-the-ground assessments of the implementation.”
This is a summary of the Kundu committee report:
* The committee recommends enactment of an anti-discrimination legislation to prohibit discrimination based on disability, sex, caste, religion to move away from quotas and quota politics. This is in line with “a paradigm shift in India’s approach to equality. Moving beyond reservations, they use diversity promotion and anti-discrimination to achieve social justice. Reservations are only one of several tools to address widespread, systematic discrimination in a society. Diversity index and anti-discrimination legislation together can help build a more equitable society and a deeper and more widespread notion of equality that go beyond group-specific quotas and accompanying quota politics.”
* It chronicles the phenomenon of “exclusionary urbanisation” with a decline in the share of Muslims in the rural-urban migration that was first noted in the 1990s and continues unabated. The percentage increase of Muslims in the urban population is low and the community is particularly under-represented in smaller urban centres where social factors and discrimination restrict mobility. The share of minorities in government employment remains low – less than half of the share of their total population in the country. The committee has recommended “government-led planned and targeted recruitment drives in a time-bound manner.”
* The committee notes that the natural advantage which Muslims have in initial health indicators like sex ratio, higher life-expectancy at birth, better child survival, are squandered away because of lack of equal health care access and amenities. “Inadequacy of health care infrastructure in Muslim areas, as highlighted in the Sachar Committee report, has not been addressed despite initiating continued…

Barapulla nallah to be restored as naturalwatershedPrint
Written by Sumegha Gulati | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:37 am
The Aga Khan Trust for Culture (AKTC) has devised a proposal for Nizamuddin Nallah Redevelopment and has been discussing its preliminary assessments with the municipal corporation.
Speaking to Newsline, AKTC’s senior programme officer (Urban Improvements), Shveta Mathur said the project was initiated to restore the Barapullah nallah.
“This is a catchment for this entire area. Though its origin cannot be traced right now, as most of it is covered or encroached upon, the nallah drains into the Yamuna. Drains from Lodhi area, Nizamuddin and portions of South Delhi drain into the Barapullah nallah. It is a natural watershed,” Mathur said.
According to the redevelopment plan, AKTC has ensured that the nallah is covered with plantations on both sides. Special trees, which can be used to clean up water systems and can survive in high-density water areas, have been proposed for the project.
“We don’t want to make cosmetic changes. We want to include plants and trees that can support this ecosystem. Just covering a nallah and wishing away the bad sights and smells does not solve the purpose,” Mathur said.
Nallahs in Delhi — including the one in Barapullah — were tributaries of the Yamuna that originated from the ridge. A tributary from Chirag Dilli nallah meets Kushak nallah, which originates from the central ridge just behind the President’s estate. They meet close to JLN stadium to form the Barapullah nallah,” Manoj Mishra, the head of Jamna Ji Abhiyan said.
The redevelopment plan, he added, had been approved by the Delhi Development Authority. “The DDA is rejuvenating the nallah as a storm water drain. These nallahs are important as they ensure that the city does not flood. They are natural drainage systems. So, if you cover them, where will the water go?” he said.
Between the DDA, the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) and the Delhi Jal Board (DJB), a plan has already been drafted.
“The proposal is that these drains are not covered or concretised, but restored to their natural ecosystem. The decision about the same is pending before the National Green Tribunal,” he said.

Parents show no remorse over killing Bhawna  saypolicePrint
Written by Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:34 am
Bhawna Yadav, who was killed by her parents for marrying outside the caste, was a pampered child, her parents told police. Jagmohan Yadav and Savitri told police that they did not intend to kill her, but could not stand it when she insisted that she was legally married to Abhishek Seth, an assistant programmer at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Police said the parents claimed to have pampered her as she was their only daughter. “During questioning, parents said they sent Bhawna to the best college in Delhi University. They said they wanted her to have the best in life. But they could not tolerate it when she decided to marry outside her caste. The parents said they were worried of what people in their village would think,” sources said.
Police said they showed no remorse over the killing. “They said Bhawna had committed a crime by breaking their trust,” sources said.
Abhishek’s mother, Bharati, met Deputy Commissioner of Police (southwest) Suman Goel and alleged that she had been getting threat calls from Bhawna’s family.
“I am worried about my son and have asked for protection. Police said they were looking into it,” she said.

Pondicherry V-C has a problem: CV has a suspect book  two that cant betracedFive of its eight chapters has papers by others.
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:34 am
She is the Vice Chancellor of Pondicherry Central University, an ex-Vice Chancellor at SNDT Mumbai, former Acting Vice-Chancellor at University of Mumbai, and her CV has passed through the Central government and the office of the President of India, who is the Chancellor of all central universities, before her last appointment.
But documents accessed by The Indian Express reveal that Chandra Krishnamurthy plagiarised most of one book mentioned in that CV, which also lists two other books that may have never been published at all.
And, a search of the UGC database and an online repository for law schools show no trace of 24 of Krishnamurthy’s 25 research papers and publications — on legal and constitutional studies — listed on her CV.
When contacted, Krishnamurthy first expressed surprise at the allegations, then said that she had acknowledged the portions in her work where she referred to other sources. However, this acknowledgment, in the last page of the book in question Legal Education in India which she authored, is a list of seven names of scholars without any explanation, and two Wikipedia links.
Krishnamurthy, who was appointed as Pondicherry Central University V-C in early 2013, did not comment on the ethics of using others’ work while claiming complete authorship. She added, before abruptly terminating the conversation, that she has published two books — Legal Education in India (2009 and 2011) and Human Rights for Vulnerable Groups — with Himalaya Publishing House even though the publishers have confirmed publication of only the first one.
She did not comment about the third book mentioned on her CV — Constitutional Law-New Challenges. The CV claimed the book was published by Snow White Publication but Angit Thakur, who represents the publishing house, said their database could not trace this book or any other publication by Krishnamurthy.
Now consider these:
* Five out of eight chapters of Legal Education in India were found to include papers written by eminent scholars including Padmashree N R Madhava Menon, an eminent legal educator and the founder of National Law School in Bangalore.
* Menon’s work titled “Training in Legal Education: Some Comparative Insights from Indian American Experience” has been virtually copied in full and published as a fourth chapter in Krishnamurthy’s book with a minor change in the title: “Some Comparative Insights From Indian and American Experience.” Other than a minor change – the word “means” in the original paper has been changed to “moans” in a portion — the article has not been changed.
When contacted, Menon said he will question this “theft” and take appropriate action. “I am just waiting to see a copy of her book,” he said. “She never asked me for this reproduction and anyway, nobody can reproduce one’s work in another’s name.”
Then again, the preface of  “Legal Education in India” has been copied from a paper titled “Legal Education To Meet Challenges of Globalisation” continued…

Pakistan survive after defiant Younis-AsadstandPakistan kept its 1-0 lead intact after the 248-run win last week, with the last test set for Sharjah next Wednesday.
By: Associated Press | Dubai | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:32 am
Pakistan survived an unexpected top-order collapse to draw the second test with New Zealand after being set a tricky target of 261 in 72 overs on the last day Friday.
Trent Boult’s (2-12) twin strikes left Pakistan reeling at 75-4 before top-scorer Younis Khan (44) and Asad Shafiq (41 not out) combined for 74 runs to help guide their team to a safe 196-5 with five overs unused. Earlier, Kiwis captain Brendon McCullum made a bold declaration at 250-9 for an overall lead of 260 runs, with Ross Taylor scoring a brilliant 104. Legspinner Yasir Shah (5-79), who had Taylor stumped, bagged his first five-wicket haul, while left-arm spinner Zulfiqar Babar took 4-96.
Pakistan kept its 1-0 lead intact after the 248-run win last week, with the last test set for Sharjah next Wednesday.
Offspinner Mark Craig triggered a Pakistan collapse when Azhar Ali hit a full toss straight to cover after putting on 62 runs with Shan Masood, 40. Boult had Masood lbw off a vicious yorker, and in his next over captain Misbah-ul-Haq was caught behind for a rare nought in recent times, as Pakistan slipped to 75-4.
Khan and Shafiq then defied the Kiwis’ bid for victory in the last session with a gritty half century stand before Khan fended Craig’s short delivery to the slips. The dismissal raised New Zealand hopes, but not for long. Earlier, Taylor returned to form after scores of 0, 8 and 23 to make 104 off 133 balls, his first test century of the year.
Taylor added 60 invaluable runs with Craig (34) after New Zealand resumed at the overnight 167-6. Both fell to Shah in the space of three deliveries to give the legspinner his first five-wicket haul in only his fourth test match. New Zealand looked for quick runs to press its bid to level the three-match series on a turning pitch after losing the first test by 248 runs last week.  Craig got away with a dropped catch when left-arm fast bowler Rahat Ali found a thick outside edge in his second over and Umar spilled a low, two-handed catch at first slip.
New Zealand made its intent clear for declaration when Craig hoisted Babar over midwicket for a big six before he holed out in the deep off Shah.
Brief Scores: New Zealand:  403 (Latham 137, Babar 4-137) and 250 for 9 declared (Taylor 104, Yasir 5-79, Babar 4-96) drew with Pakistan: 393 (Sarfraz 112, Azhar 75, Younis 72) and 196 for 5.

Discoms device in-house tech to manage wintersurplusPrint
Written by Kaunain Sherrif | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:31 am
While a surge in peak consumption demand during summer continues to remain an issue for power distribution companies, they are working to draw up an elaborate ‘winter action plan’ for surplus power during the season.
The ‘winter action plan’ will tackle the problem of power surplus that Delhi discoms experience due to variation in the consumption through the day.
“Peak power demand lasts only for a few hours in a day during winter. But power is made available to discoms in slot of at least four hours each. Hence, more accurate load forecasts help discoms plan power purchases and sell more prudently, leading to a reduction in its power purchase costs,” a power expert said.
For this, discoms have developed “in-house technology” to predict the accurate peak power consumption — to reduce purchase from power generating companies. Discoms BRPL and BSES said they would deploy advanced in-house ‘Load Forecasting Solution’.
“The technology was built by using analytics. Previous consumption data helped us build the analytics. Forecasting will be done with the help of this technology,” a BSES official said.
The tool uses statistical models to account for long-term trends and assess the effect of each parameter on the demand at any given time, the official said. The discom expects to predict consumption with an accuracy of 3 per cent.
During the winter of 2013-14, Delhi’s peak power demand was around 4,000 MW. In the ensuing winter months, the discoms expect peak demand to touch 4,200 MW. Last winter, discoms incurred a loss of around Rs 700 crore on the sale of surplus power between November and March.
“The demand varies all day. But supply of long-term, round-the-clock power that has been contracted by the discoms isn’t affected by the vagaries of weather. Because of these reasons, Delhi discoms have surplus power availability,” a power expert said.

Man arrested for raping friend after party  saypolicePrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:28 am
Central district police filed a case of rape on Thursday and arrested a 24-year-old man accused of sexually assaulting a friend in a hotel room in Paharganj area after a party on Wednesday evening.
A senior police officer said, “The victim, a 23-year-old girl, registered an FIR under section 376 (rape) of the IPC on Thursday against her friend’s partner. She alleged that the man had raped her in a Paharganj hotel room where the four friends, including the victim and the accused, had met for a birthday party on Wednesday night. All four are residents of Paharganj.”
According to police, the four friends drank heavily during the party. Police said the victim claimed she was drunk when the accused sexually assaulted her.
She woke up in the morning and discovered she had been raped. She then filed an FIR at Paharganj police station and the accused was arrested. Police said the friends are being questioned and investigation is on.

Dawood funding Mulayams birthday bash  quips AzamPrint
LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh minister Azam Khan has sparked off another controversy by saying that Dawood Ibrahim, the Taliban and Abu Salem are funding Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav’s birthday bash.
The controversial minister made the sarcastic remark hitting out at the Bharatiya Janata Party which had questioned the Samajwadi Party’s decision to spend crores of rupees on Mulayam’s 76th birthday celebrations being hosted by Azam Khan himself.
The BJP had objected to the UP government’s decision saying that the state’s economy was in the doldrums but tons of public money was being spent on this event.
When asked who was funding the big bash, Azam Khan quipped that it was "Dawood Ibrahim, the Taliban, and Abu Salem".
India Today reported that Mulayam’s birthday will have a 75-feet-long cake and a Victorian 'buggy' hired from London. The grand birthday celebrations will be held in Rampur on Friday.
Apart from this a huge cultural programme will be organised where the SP supremo will cut a cake. The Samajwadi Party has decided to celebrate Singh's 76th birthday as 'Samta Diwas', reported India Today.
Recommend

How to Create a Culture of Innovationreddit
Often when I hear people talk about how to develop a culture of innovation, the keys proposed are passion, autonomy, collaboration and trust (PACT). Passion, in particular, has become the darling of hiring managers. If a candidate for employment today hasn't prepared an answer to the question, "What's your passion?" that candidate hasn't fully prepared for the job interview.
While all of these are worthy qualities, more important, I believe, and too often overlooked today, are curiosity and character. To drill down to why, let's look at the definition of innovation, which is "to introduce something new."
Break your PACT. Passion is a prerequisite for many of the activities of business, which are centered on applying knowledge to achieve desired outcomes. But when it comes to creating something new, passion alone - and even in combination with autonomy, collaboration and trust - doesn't take you outside of familiar territory. Curiosity does that.
Like a relentless two-year-old, curiosity asks questions. It opens your mind to new ideas and new playing fields. It prompts you to think not only out of the box, but turns the box into a playhouse, a puppet theatre, a costume or a sled. It explores.
Creativity is largely about making connections between unlike things. Curiosity takes you to see, touch, taste and smell the unlike things, then asks, "What if?"
Character matters. The other "C" that I believe is undervalued in the PACT acronym is character. Rarely does real innovation happen on a first attempt. More often it is the result of failing with your first, second, fifth and even fifteenth formula, prototype or process change, but persistently employing new strategies until something new that really works is produced.
That kind of persistence comes only from character -- the kind of character that sees failure not as an end but as simply another step in a process, one that provides an opportunity to learn more and to narrow down or add possibilities.
I learned the importance of curiosity and character the hard way. After hiring a team of experienced senior managers who came highly recommended, I discovered my company performed better when we hired recent graduates who were hungry to learn all they could about our industry.
Lifelong learners. Where experts, who felt compelled to provide answers, were entrenched and encumbered by their past experiences, our recent graduates came to us with open minds full of questions. We learned to provide them with opportunities and experiences that nurtured curiosity, encouraging them to operate in student mode rather an expert mode.
When we liken innovation, as we often do, to thinking outside the box, we must remember that it is our past experiences that create the box.
--
Ratanjit S. Sondhe is the founder and CEO of Discoverhelp, In c., a public speaker and the author of the new book, "How Oneness Changes Everything: Empowering Business Through 9 Universal Laws."
Follow Ratanjit S. Sondhe on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Ratanjit_Sondhe
More:

Nobody has made more runs than these menLATEST PHOTOS
These Men Have More Runs Than Anybody In International Cricket
Presenting the 20,000-run club in international cricket—and the gentlemen who may enter it soon. [ALSO SEE: The Highest Run Scorers of All Time ]
Prev Next
#10— Inzamam-ul-Haq, Pakistan , ICC World XI, Asia: The Pakistani giant played 499 Tests and ODIs, mostly for his country. Since his debut in 1991 till his retirement in 2007, Inzi scored 20,580 runs across all formats, with the help of 35 hundreds and 129 fifties. In ODIs, he made 11,739 runs; in Tests, he had 8,830. Nobody from his country has more runs at the highest level. In fact, in his last innings, he got out trying to hit the boundary that
... more 
#10— Inzamam-ul-Haq, Pakistan , ICC World XI, Asia: The Pakistani giant played 499 Tests and ODIs, mostly for his country. Since his debut in 1991 till his retirement in 2007, Inzi scored 20,580 runs across all formats, with the help of 35 hundreds and 129 fifties. In ODIs, he made 11,739 runs; in Tests, he had 8,830. Nobody from his country has more runs at the highest level. In fact, in his last innings, he got out trying to hit the boundary that would have taken him past Javed Miandad’s tally of 8,832 Test runs.
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
Cricket Photos of The Week 7.12.14
10 hours ago
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
Sun 7 Dec, 2014 12:47 PM IST
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]
India vs Cricket Australia
Thu 4 Dec, 2014 10:44 AM IST
Action images from India's two-day tour game versus Cricket Australia played on December 4 and 5, 2015 at Adelaide. More » India vs Cricket Australia
Tears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
Farewell Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 12:19 PM IST
Cricket bats stood silent sentry outside schools and homes, many adorned with messages for their favourite son, as the small Australian town of Macksville came to a standstill on Wednesday for the funeral of Phillip Hughes.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 5:07 PM IST
Action images from the 4th ODI played at Dhaka on November 28, 2014. Scores More » Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Today on Yahoo

After Kotak  Future Grp heads South  buys retail chain Nilgiris. Dial South for growthCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Panchkula gets new DC and DCPPrint
By: Express News Service | Panchkula | Posted: November 22, 2014 5:08 am
In an administrative reshuffle, the Haryana Government on Friday posted Vivek Atray as Deputy Commissioner of Panchkula, replacing S S Phulia who has been transferred to Yamunangar.
Among other significant changes, Hamid Akhtar who was Superintendent of Police (SP) Rewari has been appointed as Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Panchkula. While, the incumbent DCP Rahul Sharma has been transferred to Panipat as Superintendent of Police (SP).
Attray will also be Municipal Commissioner of Panchkula and the Chief Administrator of Shri Mata Mansa Devi Shrine Board.
He was Director of Secondary Education and Special Secretary of School Education. He served in the Chandigarh Administration as Director of IT, Tourism and Public Relations from 2000 to 07, and is a founder member of the Chandigarh Literary Society.
Among other changes, Sanjeev Verma,  Special Secretary of Co-operation, was posted as Administrator of the Haryana Urban Development Authority at Panchkula, replacing Sharandeep Kaur Brar who was sent to Sirsa as Additional Deputy Commissioner-cum-CEO of DRDA.
Sanjay Joon, who was DC of Mewat and Chief Executive Officer of the Mewat Development Agency, was posted as Administrator of HUDA (Headquarters) at Panchkula, replacing Praveen Kumar, who was posted as Director and Special Secretary of Employment.

Modi visit to shrines on  red faces in Nepal govtPrint
Written by Yubaraj Ghimire | Kathmandu | Posted: November 22, 2014 5:07 am
A day after announcing that Prime Minister Narendra Modi had cancelled his planned visit to three religious sites near Kathmandu in Nepal, two ministers in the Nepal government retracted their statements on Friday, saying they had “no official communication” and that “as far as we are concerned, the programme stands”.
The ministers, Bimalendra Nidhi (Minister of Physical Planning) and Mahendra Bahadur Pandey (Minister of Foreign Affairs), had said on Thursday that they had received information from the Indian government that the trip to the three religious sites — Janakpur, Lumbini and Muktinath Dham — had been cancelled.
The retraction comes reportedly after Nepal PM Sushil Koirala spoke to Modi and requested him to go ahead with the programme. He also reportedly said that the ministers’ statements were an outcome of a “miscommunication” and that the Nepal government was waiting to welcome Modi to the sites during his visit to the country for a Saarc summit on November 26-27.

Student killed  friend hurt as car rams scooter in MohaliBy: Express News Service | Mohali | Posted: November 22, 2014 5:05 am
The car that Mandeep was driving. (Source: Express photo)
One 17-year-old died and another is battling for life at PGIMER after they met with an accident on Friday afternoon. Two others injured in the accident are stated to be stable.
The three 17-year-olds were riding without helmets when a speeding car hit their scooter at the Kumbra light point, near Sector 62, on Friday afternoon.
Driver of the car, Mandeep Singh, a resident of Phase 3A, was also injured, but a six-year-old boy with him, miraculously, escaped unhurt.
Eyewitness accounts of the accident, which took place at the Sector 62-61-70-69 lightpoint in the afternoon, varied but both vehicles were driving at high speed. They sped on when the lights were about to change and one of the vehicles definitely jumped the red light.
The deceased has been identified as Harvinder Singh alias Harman alias Harry of Kandala village, who owned the scooter.
He was declared brought dead at PGIMER. The others were Avtar Singh, also of Kandala, and Manjit Singh ‘Joga’, a resident of Kumbra, who drove the scooter.
All three were students at Government Senior Secondary School in Phase 3B1. Manjit was a Class XII student, while the other two studied in Class XI. All wore school uniform and were heading home from school when the incident took place.
The collision left the scooter mangled. The car dragged the scooter for some distance, then flipped over and turned turtle. Before the police could reach the spot, passersby rushed the injured to the nearby Fortis Hospital.
Fortis Hospital authorities said that Harry and Avtar were brought in a state of cardiac arrest and were revived by the emergency team.
They continue to be in a critical state with injuries in the brain, lungs and other internal organs. Manjit also suffered multiple injuries. Mandeep is being kept under observation.
Late in the evening, Harry and Avtar were shifted to PGI where doctors declared Harry brought dead. Manjit, who was shifted to the Government Medical College and Hospital in Sector 32, was reported to be stable.
Police said that none of the three survivors was yet fit to record a statement.
“A case of rash driving and death due to negligence will be registered against the car driver on the basis of the statements of the eye-witnesses under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code,” said SHO Kulbir Singh.
Passersby alleged that the injured lay on the road for 15 minutes before they could arrange a vehicle. “Police were nowhere to be seen,” said Sarabjeet Singh, a Kumbra resident who later found that one of the injured, Manjit Singh, was from his village.

Minorities continue to be targets of violencePrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 5:04 am
Vice-President Hamid Ansari has said despite the constitutional and legal guarantees, religious minorities continue to be target of violence and discrimination from time to time. He was speaking on the topic ‘Citizens and State Conduct’ at the 8the VM Tarkunde memorial lecture Friday. Ansari said weaker sections of society such as minorities, women, SCs, STs, children and persons with disabilities were still being discriminated against.
“These cut into the root of constitutional principle of equality of opportunity and equal access to justice and highlight the failure of the state to act properly,” he said.
Quoting a study by the South Asian Human Rights Documentation Centre, Ansari also said the “most serious human rights abuses” in India were the violations by the State of Article 21. “This is particularly acute in areas of internal conflict, such as Jammu and Kashmir, the Northeast and the Naxal belt where serious complaints about the misuse of laws like the AFSPA, the Disturbed Areas Act (DDA) or the Public Safety Act (PSA) continue to be made,” said the Vice-President.

Sorry  cant upgrade your seats or allow excess baggage: A-I to MPsPrint
The Air India fleet consists of Airbus 319, 320 and 321 which have only 8, 2 and 20 business class seats respectively.
Written by Shyamlal Yadav | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 5:01 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 11:39 am
Putting its foot down, Air India has informed Parliament Secretariat that it can no longer entertain requests from MPs to upgrade seats on flights or allow extra baggage on board.
The official air carrier, which received repeated requests from parliamentary committees to arrange aircraft with maximum executive class seats for their travel, has said MPs cannot be provided business class seats in sectors which are served by aircraft with only economy class seats.
In a letter dated October 24 to Lok Sabha Secretary General P K Grover, Air India Chairman andg Managin Director Rohit Nandan said: “Air India receives several requests for change of aircraft to accommodate Hon’ble Parliament Committee in Business Class during Parliamentary Committee visits to various parts of the country and also to relax baggage limitations.”
According to Nandan, the Air India fleet consists of Airbus 319, 320 and 321 which have only 8, 2 and 20 business class seats respectively.
“Tickets are booked by passengers well in advance and, hence, there might be no Business Class seats available at the time of the tours of the Parliamentary Committees. This leads to a piquant situation and Airlines has to regret to the Hon’ble MPs regarding availability of Business Class seats.”
“To maximise revenue, Air India had decided to convert a number of its narrow body aircraft which are operating in the domestic circuit to all Economy seats configuration. Therefore, it is not possible to accommodate Hon’ble MPs in Business Class in those sectors which are served by all economy configuration aircraft… With regard to request for allowing extra baggage, it is reiterated that as per existing policy no extra baggage is allowed.”
There are 16 department-related standing committees of Lok Sabha and eight of Rajya Sabha besides several other committees.

Rajkot realtor shot at by business rivalsPrint
By: Express News Service | Rajkot | Posted: November 22, 2014 5:00 am
In yet another incident of shootout, two men allegedly opened fire on a land dealer in Ashta Residency on the outskirts of the city late on Thursday evening. However, the land dealer escaped unhurt and alleged his business rivals were behind in the attack. This is the fourth incident of shooting in the city this month.
The incident took place late on Thursday when Manish Siroya, the land dealer was sitting in a hair cutting salon inside Astha Green City locality on Gondal road. Two men came riding a bike, and the one riding the pillion shot a round from his firearm at Siroya before speeding away. However, the shooter missed the target as the bullet hit a mirror in the salon, Lodhika police said on Friday. In his complaint, Siroya stated the shooters were his former business partners Kamlesh Meta and Nilesh Bhayani, both residents of the city.
“Siroya says Meta and Bhayani were with him in land dealing business but had separated a few months ago. They also had dispute over a few land deals and the attack was a result of it,” Police SI Krunal Bhukan said. There were reports of the accused having fired three shots in the air but police said they had recovered cases of only one cartridge and prima facie believed that only one round was fired.”
“The complainant says he can identify the assailants by face. Efforts are on to nab the accused,” the SI added. Lodhika police have booked Meta and Bhayani for attempt to murder and under arms act and started further investigation.
Incidentally, this is the fourth incident of shooting in the city this month. While a man was shot dead on Kalavad road on November 3. It was followed by another shooting near Nana Mava circle leaving one man injured. The third incident was registered on November 15 when a murder accused out on interim bail was hit in his thigh after his firearm went off accidentally.

Bahais demand minority statusPrint
Written by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 5:00 am
Less than a year after the UPA government declared Jains as a minority community, the Bahai community has reignited its demand for the status. The community much like the Jains is affluent, but it asserts that the status is a matter of recognition rather than plea for help.
Bahai representatives had met Minority Affairs Minister Najma Heptulla in this regard and she, it was learnt, referred the matter to the National Commission for Minorities. The matter was also taken up by the NCM in more than one meeting, but the commission felt that it did not have enough data on the socio-economic condition of the community to make a concrete recommendation. It is now for the Ministry of Minority Affairs to take a call. There are around two million Bahais in India and the community is perhaps best known for the Lotus Temple. The religion traces its roots to Iran — the birthplace of Bahaullah, its prophet.
The issue of minority status for the Bahai community in India was first raised in 2004.
The Bahais had approached the UPA government in January this year immediately after the Jain community was designated as the sixth minority. They then took the matter up with the NDA government in August. The NCM considered the demand over several meetings in September and October.
“The commission deliberated on the issue, but felt that we did not have enough data to decide either way. We had asked for more information from the community and they did submit some… But, that was not enough for the commission,” said a source in NCM.
The spokesperson for the Bahai community, meanwhile, maintains that minority status is a matter of recognition and the community is not looking for scholarships and other support from the government. “The Bahai community does not accept money from others. That is why we do not charge an entry fee at Lotus Temple where we get 16,000 visitors a day… Even Jains did not require the government support but they were granted the status,” said Nilakshi Rajkhowa, an official at the office of public affairs in the National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahais.
There are around 2 million Bahais in India.

Bohras scout band gets special invite  poor treatmentA screen grab of Ezzy Scout Band of Dawoodi Bohras team from Sports Authority of Gujarat portal.
Written by Lakshmi Ajay | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:57 am
For the 36 members of the Dawoodi Bohras’ Ezzy Scout Band, who performed at the concluding day of Khel Mahakumbh, it turned out to be a “costly” affair. As the curtains fell on the 50-day long event at the JD Nagarwalla Police Stadium at Shahibaug in the presence of Gujarat CM Anandiben Patel on Friday, which coincided with her birthday, the religious scout band stood out in stark contrast to the nine other school scout bands who played at the ceremony.
The band members claimed they had come on a “special request” from the organisers, but alleged they were given a treatment far from “special”. The Bharuch-based band, which had reached the venue at 11 am to practise in 5 SUV cars, incurred Rs 18,000 on the trip. However, they were allegedly compensated with mere state transport bus and auto fare.
“We received a call to be here almost a week back and were told that CM Anandiben Patel has seen a video of us performing in Surat almost two years back and would like us to be a part of the closing ceremony of the Khel Mahakumbh. While we readily agreed and got here on our own means in five cars, we have been paid only ST bus fare while we incurred expenses worth Rs 18,000,” said 32-year-old Yusuf Amodwala, who co-founded the band with 34-year-old Ali Asgar Surti, around 18 years ago.
Having performed in front of PM Narendra Modi at a “Samuh Nikaah” (community wedding), organised by late Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin, their community leader, in Surat and also at Swarnim Gujarat event in 2010, they did not charge anything to perform on Friday. “Being a religious band, we follow very strict guidelines, including maintaining beards. We are not allowed the use of tobacco, smoking or drinking. There are more than 80 such bands from our Dawoodi Bohra community and we play solely at events of our own community. We have a proper dress to preform and are very careful who we perform for. We avoid performing for entertainment and restrict it to religious ceremonies of our community and on Independence and Republic Day functions or government functions. While we did not charge anything to perform here, next time we will make sure that we have everything in paper and that we don’t spend from our pocket,” said Surti. He added that the youngest band member is in the third grade while the eldest has three children.
However, when they brought this up to a nearby SAG official at the venue, they were given a short shrift. “As per the government guidelines, we have given them the auto and ST fare that would be incurred while they travelled from Bharuch to Shahibaug. However, I do not know the continued…

Obama s immigration plan to reach far fewer than 4.7 million: lawyersObama s immigration plan to reach far fewer than 4.7 million: lawyers
All holding cos are zooming. see bombay burmahCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Which is more profitable between jk lakshmi n sanghi in the long term ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

45% interim div. declared.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Comcast launching talking program guide0
"Television is universally loved, and we want everyone to be able to enjoy it," Brian Roberts, chairman and CEO of Comcast, said in a statement. "The talking guide feature will enable all of our customers to experience the X1 platform in a new way, and give our blind and visually impaired customers the freedom to independently explore and navigate thousands of shows and movies."
The talking guide will read aloud descriptions as they appear on the screen, including DVR and on-demand settings, to help customers, especially those with visual impairments, to record and watch shows. The feature will roll out in the next few weeks, according to Comcast, and will be available at no charge to customers with the X1 platform. Viewers activate the talking guide by tapping the "A" button twice on the remote control.
About 10 percent of Chicago-area Comcast customers have the X1 platform, a number the company is hoping will more than double in the next year. A Comcast spokesman said the company is "working on a process" to help visually impaired customers get the X1. More information is at www.comcast.com/accessibility.

They Said People Would Die If Stop And Frisk Was Reformed. Here s What Really HappenedThey Said People Would Die If Stop And Frisk Was Reformed. Here's What Really Happened
Posted:
“It will end in buckets of blood on city streets,” wrote The New York Post’s Andrea Peyser .
“[T]he blood of new crime victims will be on their hands,’ wrote the New York Post’s editorial board . “Will the city once again become the Crime Capital of the World? Alas, so it seems.”
“The body count will start rising,” wrote The New York Daily News editorial board . “Wait till you start hearing about mushrooms and learn that the word refers to children who have been struck by stray bullets.”
Such would be the nightmare situation in New York City, many in the media so ominously warned, if the city dared to reform the police department’s practice of aggressively stopping, questioning, and frisking hundreds of thousands New Yorkers, mostly black and Latino. People would die. New York would slip back into the scary, bad old days .
They were wrong.
And last week, NYPD Commissioner William Bratton said that there were 20 fewer murders so far this year than in the same period last year. In 2013, the city’s homicide rate fell to a historic low .
It has all happened while the number of police stops in New York has also dropped dramatically .
Bill de Blasio was elected mayor in a landslide election last year, even after conservative media outlets raised alarm over his promise -- as well as the promises of other candidates -- to rein in the NYPD’s use of stop and frisk. The tactic involves stopping and questioning people on the street, and in some instances, searching them. In 2011, 87 percent of those stopped were black or Latino, and about the same percentage were innocent of any crime, according to data from the New York Civil Liberties Union.
The city is on pace to have about 50,000 police stops this year , a 75 percent drop from the number of stops last year and a still more precipitous decline from the nearly 700,000 police stops in 2011 .
“Under the liberal [Mayor Bill de Blasio], it was supposed to go back to Sodom and Gomorrah -- a return to the days of mayors Ed Koch and David Dinkins,” Eric Boehlert, a senior fellow at media watchdog group Media Matters, told The Huffington Post of the media predictions. Media Matters took a look back this week at the hysteria surrounding the debate over stop and frisk in New York City. “If you look at the numbers, none of that true, in fact the opposite is true,” he said.
Many employed the argument that de Blasio and his liberal counterparts wanted to end stop and frisk altogether. One Fox News host, for example, said this : “If a suspect someone is up to criminal activity, and is armed and dangerous, you bet I want them to go ahead and pat them down! It’s not that intrusive!”
However, neither de Blasio nor critics of the program were calling for an end to cops stopping suspects. Instead, they wanted to end what they said were the thousands of unconstitutional stops of people who weren't suspects, most of whom were black or Latino. Last year, a federal judge ruled that the NYPD's use of stop and frisk was unconstitutional because cops were stopping people without reasonable suspicion. She said the practice amounted to a "policy of indirect racial profiling."
Media Matters' video details some of the statements made in the media in the wake of the judge's ruling:
"Stats aside, it's a fact that if you take stop and frisk away, more black Americans and more Hispanic Americans are going to die,” said Bill O’Reilly . It was the same argument made by former Mayor Michael Bloomberg and his NYPD commissioner, Ray Kelly.
However, there has not been a proven correlation between curbing police stops and a higher murder rate. Over the last two years, for example, the number of police stops in New York City has dropped off significantly, while homicide rates have fallen . While the number of stops decreased from 2012 to 2011, the percentage of minorities murdered also dropped slightly. Eighty-nine percent of murder victims in 2011 were black or Latino. That number dropped to 86 percent in 2012 .
Additionally, cities across the country without aggressive stop-and-frisk programs have also experienced big drops in their murder rates over the last 20 years.
Boehlert, of Media Mattters, told HuffPost that some conservative media outlets "don't care about trends and statistics." Concern over stop and frisk "plays into stereotypes that their viewers like,” he said.
Fox News, The New York Post, and The New York Daily News did not respond to requests for comment. Andrea Peyser, the New York Post columnist, said she had "no comment."
“When the fear-mongers try to drive public policy to rationalize the disregard and violation of fundamental rights, no one wins,” Donna Lieberman, executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union, told HuffPost. “The good news is that their dire predictions have not only proven to be irresponsible, but wrong, and the decline in stop-and-frisk policy that routinely subjected people of color to constitutional violations has been accompanied, as predicted, with a decline in crime rates to historic lows.”
Priscilla Gonzalez of Communities United for Police Reform (CPR), an advocacy group that spearheaded the stop-and-frisk reform campaign, told HuffPost in a statement, "We knew all along that fear-mongering to justify stop-and-frisk abuses and other discriminatory policing was a tactic that would backfire, and it clearly did."
“Increased public safety and constitutional policing go together,” she added. “When police officers and local residents communicate more effectively, and all New Yorkers are treated with dignity and respect, our city is safer and better off.”
More:

Networks Confident Americans Care More About  Big Bang Theory  Than Fate Of 5 Million Immigrantsreddit
Major network execs at ABC, NBC, CBS and FOX decided this week that they will not be airing President Barack Obama's major immigration speech on Thursday night. Their regularly scheduled programming for the 8 p.m. hour includes popular programs like "The Big Bang Theory," and the networks, faced with the prospect of losing millions of dollars in ad revenue by running the speech ad-free, appear to have decided that they can't afford to pre-empt the shows.
So, which programs are they banking on instead? ABC plans to air the fall finale of the long-running medical drama "Grey's Anatomy," in which "a disagreement about a patient's case leads to a bigger argument between Meredith and Derek." On NBC's "The Biggest Loser: Glory Days," players will compete in a "sandpile challenge," before "reflect[ing] on their accomplishments and communicat[ing] their goals while hiking with their trainers." On CBS' "The Big Bang Theory," "Howard and Raj look for something significant in a dead professor's research," and on FOX, it's, well, yet another episode of "Bones."
A CBS News spokeswoman confirmed the network will not broadcast the address but declined to elaborate further. A spokesman for ABC News pointed out that while the network won't air the speech, ABC's digital platforms, including radio and Apple TV, will carry it. Representatives for Fox and NBC did not respond to requests for comment.
Like it or not, the networks probably aren't wrong about viewers being more interested in their shows than a presidential announcement, even though a recent Gallup poll did show that Americans view immigration as one of the most important "problems" facing the nation today. As The Washington Post points out , viewership of presidential speeches has declined over the years, and particularly during Obama's presidency, as the number of distractions on our TVs, computer and tablets have increased.
And even if it's a sad reflection of the nation's priorities, for the networks, the decision to keep Obama off most broadcast TV stations is just business. The fact that they're are all in the middle of Nielsen's November "sweeps" period, when viewership helps determine local advertising rates, makes it even more crucial. In September, which isn't a sweeps period, broadcast networks did cover Obama's 9 p.m. speech on the Islamic State, forcing them to delay or cut into some programming .
Anyone wishing to hear the details of Obama's executive action on immigration, which could reportedly affect as many as 5 million immigrants , can tune into the address on PBS, a cable news network or somewhere online. Still, miffed White House officials have expressed disbelief at the lack of attention the networks are paying to Obama's speech.
“In 2006, Bush gave a 17 minute speech that was televised by all three networks that was about deploying 6000 national guard troops to the border," a senior administration official told Politico . "Obama is making a 10 minute speech that will have a vastly greater impact on the issue. And none of the networks are doing it.”
Primetime TV and high-profile presidential speeches have butted heads publicly before. In 2010, fans of "Lost" nearly blew a gasket over news that Obama's State of the Union address might pre-empt the show's finale. That didn't end up being a problem , though the show's diehards may have ultimately been just as upset after seeing the long-awaited conclusion.
Also on HuffPost:

The Household Threat To Children s Brains'Little Things Matter' Exposes Big Threat To Children's Brains
Posted:
reddit
Tiny amounts of lead, chemical flame retardants and organophosphate pesticides, among other toxins, course through the blood of nearly every American. But just how much worry is a little poison worth?
A lot, especially when considering the cumulative effects of this chemical cocktail on children, warns a video unveiled Thursday during an environmental health conference in Ottawa, Canada. The seven-minute project, "Little Things Matter," draws on emerging scientific evidence that even mild exposures to common contaminants can derail normal brain development -- lowering IQs and raising risks of behavioral conditions such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, or ADHD.
"The chemical industry argues that the effect of toxins on children is subtle and of little consequence," co-producer Bruce Lanphear, an environmental health expert at Simon Fraser University in British Columbia, states in the video. "But that is misleading."
Drop a few tablespoons of sugar into an Olympic-size swimming pool, and you have the sort of minuscule concentration of a toxin that researchers are finding can wreak havoc on the brain. The drug Ritalin is designed to temper symptoms of ADHD at about the same level in the blood.
Children are most vulnerable to neurotoxins while in the womb and during the first years of life. "Things are happening very fast in terms of brain development, especially in the third trimester of gestation," David Bellinger, an expert in children's environmental health at Harvard University, told The Huffington Post. "Neurons are being born and migrating to where they are supposed to end up in the brain, differentiating into different types of cells, establishing connections with other neurons.
"Those processes are very sensitive. Everything has to happen in right order at the right time," added Bellinger, whose research has associated lead, methylmercury and organophosphate pesticides to nationwide drops in IQ of 23 million, 17 million and 300,000, respectively.
Lanphear focused on six brain toxins in the new video: lead , mercury, organophosphate pesticides, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), bisphenol A (BPA) and polybrominated dipenyl ethers (PBDEs), a chemical flame retardant that his research team this year linked to IQ deficits and hyperactivity . This list of chemical brain-drainers, according to a study published in February, may be just the tip of the iceberg .
The chemical industry is critical of the new video and defends the safety of chemical products.
"Exposure to trace levels of a chemical does not signal impending harm to health," said Kathyrn St. John, a spokeswoman for the American Chemistry Council. "This video and other communications like it hope to muddy the waters about the safety of various chemistries."
Lanphear conceded one point. "It's true," he said. "Not all chemicals are bad."
It's also true that today, compared with decades ago, fewer children are exposed to high levels of some toxins, such as lead -- concentrations that in previous generations may have been known to produce obvious, devastating effects such as seizures or death. But even if it goes unnoticed, a little lead exposure today may leave a child a little slower to learn, a little shorter of attention and a little less successful on tests and at work. Economists estimate that bit of lead may mean a loss of $90,000 in lifetime earnings.
Most IQ losses due to lead exposure fall outside of the federally established threshold. (Bruce Lanphear)
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, among other national and international health agencies, has declared that there is no safe level of lead in a child's blood. However, due to limited resources, the CDC focuses on just 2.5 percent of children with the highest blood lead levels. Lead exposures among these 500,000 children, Lanphear explained to HuffPost, are estimated to have trimmed IQs by an average of more than 5 points.
Still, Lanphear emphasized that more needs to be done. With the heavy metal, and possibly with other toxins, there is actually a proportionally greater decrement in IQ at the lowest levels of exposure. In other words, the first 100 parts per billion of lead in the blood cuts IQ by an estimated 6 points. When blood lead concentrations rise to 200 and 300 parts per billion, respectively, estimates suggest another 2 points and 1 point of IQ are lost.
As a consequence of not addressing the lower-level exposures, added Lanphear, "we're failing to protect over 80 percent of IQ points lost from lead exposure."
In the new video, Lanphear illustrates another striking way widespread exposures to a toxin like lead can affect the next generation. A 5-point reduction in average IQ results in fewer than half as many children considered "intellectually gifted," 50 percent more "intellectually impaired," and billions of dollars of productivity lost.
A 5-point drop in average IQ among U.S. children would result in an additional 3.4 million children who are considered intellectually disabled or mentally retarded. (Bruce Lanphear)
For every $1 spent to protect kids from lead, according to study published in 2009, society saves $17 to $220, thanks to reduced costs of health care, special education, crime and lost lifetime earnings for those with IQ losses or disorders such as autism and ADHD.
And that's just one toxin. Impacts from multiple chemicals may simply add up, amplify one another's effects, or -- although less likely -- cancel each other out, noted Harvard's Bellinger.
"The evidence is really mounting that industrial chemicals have some contribution to neurodevelopment problems," said Tracey Woodruff, director of the University of California, San Francisco Program on Reproductive Health and the Environment. "And we're seeing more kids with these problems ."
Experts agree that changes in diagnosis and surveillance contribute, but are unlikely to fully explain the large rise in such disorders. Bellinger suggested that the "first place to look" may be the chemicals that have increased in everyday life in recent decades, such as flame retardants and BPA.
Experts also agree on one big problem: We're not really looking. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, for example, has only required toxicity testing for around 200 of the more than 80,000 chemicals permitted for use in the U.S.
"By allowing children to be exposed to toxins or chemicals of unknown toxicity, we are unwittingly using our children in a massive experiment," says Lanphear in the video.
While suggesting that the "ultimate solution" is to "revise how we regulate chemicals," Lanphear offered a few suggestions for consumers navigating toxins: Eat fresh or frozen foods, choose fish low in mercury, avoid the use of pesticides in and around the home and check for lead in older homes.
He also recommended writing government representatives and urging them to support regulation that reverses the burden of proof to require companies prove a chemical isn't toxic before it enters the market. In the U.S., an overhaul of the Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976 remains hotly debated .
"This emerging evidence that there is no threshold for some of the most well-established toxins strongly supports the urgent need to revise" the toxic substances act, Lanphear told HuffPost.
And while the time is ripe for that federal move, Lanphear added that it is "exactly the wrong time to terminate the National Children's Study ." The future of the U.S. study, long-planned to follow children from birth to adulthood, tracking factors such as exposure to toxic chemicals, now looks uncertain.
"I firmly believe that until mothers and the public become more familiar with this science not much will happen," said Lanphear. "The hope is that videos like this will help people understand this emerging pattern of toxicity."
The reaction from Woodruff's son, Xavier Woodruff-Madeira, 16, to the video is just the kind Lanphear hopes to spark: "I didn't know that tiny little amounts of chemicals can add up to make a big difference in kid's attention -- and affect all those kids."
More:

Five week streak for stocksFive week streak for stocks
India today awarded hyderabad as a best economy city yesterdayCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ileana D Cruz on being sexy  beautiful & independentShare 0
Ileana D'Cruz in Nisha Sainani and Zara. Image: VogueI have a major shoe fetish!" announces an excited Ileana, inspecting the numerous pairs lined at the Cosmo covershoot, searching for the perfect pair. "Every single stylist I've worked with knows how crazy I am about shoes. I've even lost count of the number of pairs I own!"
Channeling the #CozyGirl movement in brown pyjamas and a green T-shirt, Ileana has arrived straight off the sets of Happy Ending, her next movie opposite Saif Ali Khan, and can't stop talking about the life-altering experience. "It was a required, and refreshing change working with [Directors] Raj [Nidimoru] and [Krishna] DK. Their approach to movies is so real and conversational. Working with Saif was a great learning too! He's great to have on set, and gave me many useful tips during scenes where he thought I wasn't giving my 100%."
Cosmo: So, what has been your biggest take away from Happy Ending?
Ileana D'Cruz: "Every film gives you a new perspective and way to look at things. For this movie, I had to unlearn a lot-like act without making it look like acting. And that was tricky! Especially when my last movie was Main Tera Hero, where everything was so over the top."
C: Tell us, what is it that makes Ileana different?
IDC: "I wish I had a really profound answer for this, but all I can say is that I believe in being myself. I'd promised myself before coming to the industry that I wouldn't lose my individuality. And I've stuck to it."
C: Where do you see your career five years later?
IDC: "I don't like planning, so I don't know! In a weird way, I like not knowing what's going to happen next. I like things to take me by surprise. I have an idea of where I'm headed, but I don't like to plan."
C: What do you usually do on your off days?
IDC: "Working in the film industry gets to you in a way that you get used to having everything done for you, and bceome dependant on people. So on my off days, I like to stay as disconnected as possible. I do everything- cooking, cleaning, organising, on my own. It's therapeutic and keeps me 'real' and grounded. Other than that, I enjoy being a couch potato."
C: There are perks, we know, but what is the toughest thing about being famous?
IDC: "The fact that there your private life is always under scrutiny. And that people feel they have a right to say anything. And that's annoying-I may be famous, but you don't have a right to tell me how to live my life."
C: Do you ever get insecure?
IDC: "Yes, of course! But that's a reality check that hits you when you ask yourself, 'Am I doing enough? Am I working hard? What else can I do to get better?'"
C: Do you think two actresses can be friends?
IDC: "I didn't think it was possible initially, but Nargis [Fakhri] and I have gotten along extremely well. But, there are other times when you don't want to be nice and instead be crappy with someone, but you have to be fake and be sweet and mature about the situation and just smile and wave like penguins."
C: Let's talk boys...what do you look for in a guy?
IDC: "I've figured that there are three things required to create a lasting relationship-trust, you've got to be able to trust the person; respect, because if you don't respect each other as individuals, you can't trust them; and love, which stems from the former two. Though I don't have a mental checklist, I like men who are genuine, have a good sense of humour and are intelligent."
C: And what would be your deal breaker?
IDC: "Oh, there are lots of them-poor hygiene is one. And dishonesty, of course!"
C: Do you ever have vain moments in life?
IDC: "No! In fact, I find it extremely hard to accept compliments from people. I don't really believe it when people tell me that I'm looking good. I've always had issues with my body and being vain isn't something that has happened a lot."
C: What's your fail-safe, sexy-dressing strategy?
IDC: "I'm very particular about what I wear. I love wearing form-flattering or classic sheath dresses on days I want to look hot-I think they're classic and sexy, and not too revealing at the same time."
C: Who are some of the other actresses you think are sexy in the industry?
IDC: "I'd say Kajol! And in the current lot, Deepika [Padukone] and Katrina [Kaif] are beautiful women."
C: And who do you think has a promising future?
IDC: "I'd say Alia [Bhatt]. She has this spark, and is so confident and comfortable with herself. I love that about her!"
C: Okay, last question: what's your biggest beauty secret?
IDC: "It's really simple, actually. For glowing skin, get enough sleep, and exercise as much as possible."
Description Toggle
1 - 12 / 12
The Happy Ending actor Saif Ali Khan in the classic combination of white kurta and blue denims. He came in wearing shades and the whole look was paired with brown shoes.
1 / 12

Ranked: The 20 brands young women want mostranked: the 20 brands young women want most
Obama s immigration speech gets most viewers on UnivisionObama s immigration speech gets most viewers on Univision
U.S.  Iran discussing new proposals to break nuclear impasse: sourcesU.S.  Iran discussing new proposals to break nuclear impasse: sources
Obama Signs Executive Action on ImmigrationObama Signs Executive Action on Immigration
Aindia looking forward to the bcg article link  thanks for all the ind...Reposted about 4 days 4 hrs 12 min 38 sec ago by alpharays
Valuation power packed in Ybrant Digital.......dissected below
1. E mail engine ( VoloMP).........to be mapped to a peer.
2. Chat engine ( Lycos chat)..........take WhatsApp/ Snapchat valuations for a clue
3. Gaming engine ( Games Ville).......take candy crush/Flappy Brid(?)
4. Shopping Engine(Lycos shopping with a canvass into 120 countries)....... No parallels I could think of
5. Smart TV( Lycos TV)......no parallels I could think of
6. News n Entertainment Engine( Lycos News n Entertainment)..........yahoo?
7.Websites Engine (TRIPOD).........to check for a peer
8.HR engine( JOBOOKIT).............to check for peer
9.Bread and Butter : Digital Marketing Engine ( Ybrant): Mobile n Video
10.IoT infra
...running out
...all backed by mobile, video, sequential targeting, social competences.
"Each of the above engines" once a certain significant traction is achieved demands huge "independent" valuations that we all are familiar about nowadays.
The current Market price does not even adequately discount that of point 9. Imagine if one or more of the other 10 engines start firing.
VALUATION:
At a projected  30% CAGR growth for 3-5 yr EPS, my price projection will then look like 30 times EpS estimate of 10 (for FY 2015 itself which will grow to bigger range thereafter)and it will easily give a INR 300 by Dec 2015 ( at which time would people start looking at FY16).
...just trying extend the valuation logic of yours a bit after hearing out SKR.
SKR had spoken about the possibility of Lycos top line , bottom line overshadowing that of the "rest of business" in couple of years. Lycos last year, had a 14% share of top line. Rest of business at 86% translates to Rs 1350 cr. On the face value of above statement, I would expect "rest of business" to grow at current rate(30%) in 2 yrs to Rs.2300 cr . I would then add to it a Lycos revenue of Rs.2500 cr ( taking value from SKR`s statement about Lycos overshadowing) which will mean a total revenue of Rs 4800 cr. Apply 2.5 x sales you get per share value of Rs.300 in 2 years.
EPS PROJECTION:
I base my aggressive EPS projection at 10 because of the "Gravy on top" ( and also "J " curve) comment about Lycos` contribution to the current FY bottom line.-possibly in Q4 of FY15.
Secondly, if we take 40% growth on DM business over last year and a flat services piece, the top line will cross Rs 2100 cr( even without Lycos topping). Based on recent SKR`s own statement to a Telugu Daily it should reach Rs2000 cr if not more.
My final sense is FY2015 will see at least 25% YoY topline growth ( 1672 to 2100 ) and more than 100% YoY EPS growth (4.6 to 10).
Why CONSOLIDATED results make more sense than Standalone?
Ybrant`s client canvass laid and engaged in "120 countries" ( I said in the past that such reach , very few company`s enjoy) makes their business truly global / international- hence INVESTORS SHOULD STOP LOOKING AT "STAND ALONE" METRICS . "Consolidated financials" are the only financials that matter, even if it does not sound like the routine norm.
THE ESSENCE OF LYCOS
"Every internet user" across the "globe" would have "multitude" of "daily" needs of "products" and "services". Lycos would want to see itself as ONE destination platform for every human being( assuming internet org goes on to connect all of the)to get their "needs" served. While that happens, Lycos is expected to monetize the time spent on its platform in several ways.
A few metrics on Lycos global spread:
40 Local Sites In Over Countries
120 Languages With Page Views
177 Countries With Viewers
ON THE QUESTION OF WHETHER TO ENTER NOW AND HOW MUCH GAINS ONE COULD EXPECT?
A few months ago, my answer was that the percentage gains will be ranging from a very high of 1000%( 10 times if you enter at 10) to 100%( if you enter at 50) depending on your entry level. At that time the assumption around the target was 100. It has since become an upward moving target( my conservative target for Dec2015 now stands at 300). Therefore brace yourselves for a near 600% ( 6 fold) growth in market price from today`s 53 ( 21 st Nov, 2014)
When we enter late into such scrips, the positioning on holding should be different from "how many" (shares) to " how Much" ( money) are we putting to work.

Ybrants new client mobileye doing wellCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Developed markets: usstocksfriday`s close:----- dow 91 up; nasda...DEVELOPED MARKETS: USStocksFriday`s close:-----
Dow 91 up; Nasdaq 11 up; S&P 12 up.
Stocks surge. Investors are thankful for central bankers. Thanks giving arrived a week early on Wall Street.
Latest News
Immigration fixes are just a band-aid
London mayor refuses to pay U.S. tax bill
Exclusive: Hidden U.S. job crisis
Obamacare penalty is set for a steep rise
Meet the FedEx driver who sued and won
Can Obama`s immigration plan lift wages?
Google: Pay $1 and see fewer ads
Obama`s startup visa alternative
You`re organizing your closet all wrong
Stocks jump. Investors are thankful
Square will soon accept Apple Pay
Burger mania hits Wall Street
5.56 AM Nov 22nd  | Track

NYSE stocks posting largest volume increases... 
November 13, 2014 06:06 PM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — A look at the 10 biggest volume gainers on New York Stock Exchange at the close of trading:
Alamo Group : Approximately 718,300 shares changed hands, a 1,503.8 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares fell $2.72 or 5.7 percent to $44.79.
Ametek Inc. : Approximately 9,768,800 shares changed hands, a 822.3 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares fell $1.90 or 3.6 percent to $50.32.
Cenveo Inc. : Approximately 4,794,100 shares changed hands, a 767.6 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares fell $.01 or .5 percent to $1.90.
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. class A : Approximately 1,900 shares changed hands, a 993.0 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares fell $.95 or 3.9 percent to $23.53.
Forest City Enterprises Inc. class A : Approximately 6,904,100 shares changed hands, a 673.2 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.34 or 1.6 percent to $21.38.
Kennedy Wilson nt42 : Approximately 17,400 shares changed hands, a 575.6 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.11 or .4 percent to $25.38.
Nuv NJ Div Adv : Approximately 124,300 shares changed hands, a 649.0 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.06 or .4 percent to $13.44.
QEP Midstream Ptrs : Approximately 1,433,700 shares changed hands, a 1,058.3 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.06 or .4 percent to $15.77.
RCS Capital Corp. : Approximately 7,271,800 shares changed hands, a 652.8 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares fell $.24 or 2.1 percent to $11.35.
Transcontinental Realty Investors Inc. : Approximately 59,500 shares changed hands, a 1,259.0 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.66 or 5.4 percent to $12.91.

Tech Mahindra buys US-based network services operatorView Photo
An employee sits at the front desk inside Tech Mahindra office building in Noida on the outskirts of New Delhi March 18, 2013. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi/Files
(Reuters) - Software services company Tech Mahindra Ltd (TEML.NS) said it would buy Virginia-based network services operator Lightbridge Communications Corp for $240 million to boost its presence in the United States.
The acquisition, expected to close by the fourth quarter, will add 20-30 new clients to Tech Mahindra, Chief Executive Officer C.P. Gurnani said on a call.
He also said all of Lightbridge's 5,700 employees would join Tech Mahindra, taking the company's total headcount to about 100,000.
"We expect network services to be a major growth engine for our organisation," Executive Vice Chairman Vineet Nayyar said in a statement. As of now, the telecommunications business accounts for around 45 percent of the company's revenue.
Tech Mahindra did not say how much its revenue will be boosted by the deal.
Click on image to step inside Tech Mahindra's Noida office
 (Reporting by Nivedita Bhattacharjee in Mumbai; Editing by Anand Basu)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Future Group acquires supermarket chain NilgirisUpdated: November 21, 2014 22:56 IST
Nilgiris changes hands, set for a new Future under Biyanis
Special Correspondent
A Nilgiris store in Chennai. Photo: Bijoy Ghosh
TOPICS
consumer goods
Acquisition cost is valued at Rs.300 crore
Nilgiris chain of convenience stores, the iconic brand in the South, has been acquired by Kishore Biyani-owned Future group.
Future Consumer Enterprise Ltd. (FCEL), the food and FMCG arm of the Future group, paid around Rs.300 crore for the acquisition.
Nilgiris origins traced back to 1905. It is a household name across the southern States of Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala, and operates a franchisee-operated convenience store chain with 140 stores in key metros across the four States. Private equity firm Actis had bought 67 per cent stake in Nilgiris in 2006.
Apart from a wide assortment of products sold through its convenience store chain, Nilgiris also owns a portfolio of brands in dairy, bakery, chocolates and staples along with their manufacturing facilities in Bengaluru.
Nilgiris retails a select product range through general trade along with in-store bakeries in a few stores and manages the back-end operations for the stores. Besides, it operates eight distribution centres with a fleet of vehicles, including refrigerated vehicles catering to the supply of its own dairy, bakery and chocolate brands to its stores.
In a statement, Kishore Biyani, Group CEO, Future Group, said, the acquisition “is another step towards building a robust convenience store network in India. This acquisition is synergistic as it enables strengthening and expanding convenience stores through franchises in an asset light model as well as brings in new manufacturing capabilities and brands within the company.”
For FCEL, it means a geographical expansion of the convenience store network in southern India as its current footprint is concentrated in the North and the West. Nilgiris branded bakery and dairy products will also be channelised across the Future group’s existing channels, including Big Bazaar, Food Hall and Aadhaar and also extended to other modern retailers.
Similarly, the statement said, FCEL’s existing portfolio of brands including Sunkist, Tasty Treat, Golden Harvest, Premium Harvest, Sach Ektaa, CleanMate and CareMate will be channelised through the Nilgiris store network.

Highest Totals in the World CupLATEST PHOTOS
Highest Totals at the World Cup
That this list includes no items from the first three editions is clearly indicative of the trend of modern cricket that accords the bat, at least in the shorter formats, an iniquitous advantage over the ball. Smaller grounds, heavier willows, field restrictions and changed mindsets may have the purists cringing, but for the big shot-loving rube, this is value for money cricket.
Prev Next
7. West Indies 360 for 4 vs Sri Lanka at Karachi, 1987.
Long before such totals were heard of in ODIs, the West Indies were accumulating them on the back of their unimaginable physical abilities. The incomparable Viv Richards shocked Duleep Mendis' side with a 125-ball 181 (then the highest WC score) and Desmond Haynes composed 105, as the Carribeans strolled to a monstrous score. Richards had 16 fours and 7 sixes in his knock. Spare a thought for... more 
7. West Indies 360 for 4 vs Sri Lanka at Karachi, 1987.
Long before such totals were heard of in ODIs, the West Indies were accumulating them on the back of their unimaginable physical abilities. The incomparable Viv Richards shocked Duleep Mendis' side with a 125-ball 181 (then the highest WC score) and Desmond Haynes composed 105, as the Carribeans strolled to a monstrous score. Richards had 16 fours and 7 sixes in his knock. Spare a thought for seamer Ashantha de Mel who was creamed for 97 in his 10. West Indies won by 191 runs. less 
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
Cricket Photos of The Week 7.12.14
10 hours ago
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
Sun 7 Dec, 2014 12:47 PM IST
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]
India vs Cricket Australia
Thu 4 Dec, 2014 10:44 AM IST
Action images from India's two-day tour game versus Cricket Australia played on December 4 and 5, 2015 at Adelaide. More » India vs Cricket Australia
Tears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
Farewell Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 12:19 PM IST
Cricket bats stood silent sentry outside schools and homes, many adorned with messages for their favourite son, as the small Australian town of Macksville came to a standstill on Wednesday for the funeral of Phillip Hughes.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 5:07 PM IST
Action images from the 4th ODI played at Dhaka on November 28, 2014. Scores More » Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Today on Yahoo

Should India worry about EbolaBigg Boss 8
India has bigger worries than Ebola
TB and malaria kill more people worldwide than any other disease- as a country, India could do without Ebola.
Who Knew?  –  Fri 21 Nov, 2014 11:51 AM IST
Print
By Dr. Ramakanta Panda
India has isolated a man with Ebola infected Semen. But this is not our country’s biggest health problem right now.
Every three minutes, two people die of tuberculosis in India, as per the Directorate General of Health Services, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. In 2013, India had 61 million cases of malaria and 116,000 deaths. Annually, TB and malaria kill more people worldwide than any other disease- as a country, India could do without ebola.
Can we avoid Ebola? Media reports paint an agonizing picture of  Ebola in Sierra Leone, where there are no vehicles to collect dead bodies.
There are homes where the parents are dead and the child is alive but infected, with no one to take care of it. WHO estimates the Ebola death toll to be 15,000 people ( miniscule as compared to India’s TB and malaria numbers).
Where has Ebola come from?
Originating from a remote village in Guinea in March 2014, Ebola spread to Nigeria, Senegal and Mali, quickly. West Africa is struggling with the worst Ebola outbreak until now. America and Europe have their own cases too. Transmitted through blood, vomit, diarrhoea and other bodily fluids, Ebola isn’t airborne, thankfully. The healthcare workers in West Africa have been among the hardest hit by Ebola.
Though experts date back Ebola to 1976, and say that this is not the first outbreak, it could well be the worst, and will wax and wane with adequate preventive measures or the lack of them.
So can Ebola reach India?
India has quarantined a man who was cured of Ebola in Liberia but continued to show traces of the virus in samples of his semen after arriving in the country- this means that he is an Ebola-treated patient who is negative in blood but whose body fluid is positive. He may have the possibility of transmitting the disease through sexual route up to 90 days from time of clinical cure.
Flight patterns predict that India has a low risk of importing a case of Ebola. Of course the virus could land in the country, via a third country, and as this epidemic continues, the risk of this progressively increases.
However, the countries affected show a pattern
1.    All are low-income countries with weak health systems
2.    They have very weak disease surveillance.
India has the same systemic problems. In fact, we have more of our own. TB, Malaria and Dengue.
Description Toggle
1 - 22 / 22
There have been 14,413 reported cases of Ebola, with 5,177 reported deaths, up to November 14, 2014. (World Health Organization/Yahoo News)
1 / 22
Yahoo News | Photo by World Health Organization/Yahoo News
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 8:30 PM IST
Next image
Why India is uniquely susceptible to any epidemic
1.    We have one nurse for thousand people, monitoring the spread of this killer virus is a herculean task. Only two laboratories are authorized to test the virus – The National Institute for Communicable diseases, Delhi, and National Institute of Virology, Pune.
2.    600 million people defecating in the open is enough impetus for any epidemic.
3.    The real issue is that though pharmaceutical companies are intensely working on experimental vaccines and antiviral drugs, a substantial number of doses won’t be ready until the first quarter of 2015.
4.    WHO predicted that diagnosing and segregating Ebola cases in India could be more challenging as this virus’ early symptoms resemble those of dengue and malaria, two diseases which are common across large parts of the country.
5.    Isolation of every patient who gets fever, diahorrea or vomiting, or is suffering from non-specific viral symptoms that could indicate any seasonal disease, is not a practical solution.
6.    In India’s poor households, like in West Africa, we often have many people sleeping in one room. Ebola spreads in households. Because the incubation period is up to 21 days, it often kills the family slowly, one by one. But for each other family that keeps the virus from entering its household, that can mean five or six fewer deaths. The death rate is about 70% of all cases.
Lessons from Nigeria
More pertinent for India’s situation, Nigeria appears to have successfully eliminated Ebola. Its government took several critical steps.
1.    Nigeria was prepared for the virus and trained healthcare workers on how to manage the disease.  
2.    It widely disseminated information about the virus and preventive measures; and, declared a health emergency when the first Ebola case was identified. The Health Ministry organised the Ebola Emergency Operations Center, a group of public health experts.
3.    Reports also say that thousands of home-care kits have been handed out. They contain gloves, bleach, a bucket, plastic bags and a bleach sprayer. Using them around the sick, and especially during burials, may have helped.
These lessons are applicable for other healthcare epidemics as well, not just ebola.
Is India prepared?
Ashish Jha, Professor of International Health at Harvard’s School of Public Health and Director of Harvard Global Health Institute, said, “Eradicating Ebola once cases emerge in a country will require meticulous case management and public health skills, and India has way too few of these kinds of people for a nation of its size and complexity. Bottom line is – India is probably not as prepared as it should be.”
So far, the Indian Government is doing the right things- stepping up its efforts to prevent an outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus, conducting mock drills at its airports and installing surveillance systems.
The Centre has organized training programme son how to handle Ebola, for doctors and auxiliary staff across various states There was also talk of the Centre disbursing 50,000 kits across various states.
 
But on a larger canvas, it is not about ebola. India has many health concerns. A regular urbanite cannot even comprehend the abject levels of poverty in some pockets of rural India, and that a human being has to walk 5 kms to get to the nearest doctor. There is no “health-seeking” behaviour in India.
The system needs to offer basic services, and  be ready to tackle a spectrum of diseases that already exist in this country, as well as those that may come up.
Dr. Ramakanta Panda is the Vice Chairman & Managing Director of the Asian Heart Institute, Mumbai.

Modi tweets R-Day invite to Obama. Is his appearance a done deal Platinum Member
770 Followers
Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth was dragged down by the poor performance of the manufacturing sector which nearly came to a grinding halt.
The economy slowed in the first full quarter of the new Government, growing at 5.3 per cent from 5.7 per cent in the previous April-June quarter. Growth had remained below 5 per cent in the previous two financial years.
Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth was dragged down by the poor performance of the manufacturing sector which nearly came to a grinding halt. Factory output grew 0.1 per cent during the July-September quarter against 3.5 per cent in the previous quarter, according to the data released on Friday by the Central Statistics Office.
The pick-up in project clearances by the Government over the last six months did not show up in the GDP growth numbers. Capital formation growth — an indicator of investment activity in the country — remained low at 28.3 per cent, falling marginally from the previous quarter’s 28.6 per cent.
Growth in government consumption expenditure slipped to 11.7 per cent from 13.4 per cent in the April-June quarter. However, it remained high, thereby helping GDP growth. This was reflected in the pick-up in community and social services growth that surged from 9.1 per cent to 9.6 per cent.
This boost of high growth in Government spending may not be available for the second half of the year as the Centre has decided to slash expenditure to keep fiscal deficit within target... http://t.in.com/8MT9

Aspiring Minds sees 40% revenue coming from overseas in 2-3 yearsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Aspiring Minds sees 40% revenue coming from overseas in 2-3 years
Navadha Pandey
Himanshu Aggarwal,,Co-founder and Director, Aspirig Minds
Working as assessment partner for National Skill Development Corp
New Delhi, November 21:  
Employee assessment solutions company, Aspiring Minds, expects overseas business to account for 40 per cent of the company’s revenue in the next two to three years, said its Co-founder and Director Himanshu Aggarwal.
The company, which was started in 2007 in Gurgaon, currently works with over 750 corporates and 4,000 colleges across the country.
Employability test
The company developed an employability test AMCAT, under which assessments can be taken for various industries including IT, financial services, hospitality and BPO.
“We are already present in the West Asia where we are working with Government entities in the vocational space. In the Philippines, we are working with corporates which are interested in accepting AMCAT as a standardised employability test,” Aggarwal said. The company is also conducting pilots in Africa for AMCAT, while in the US it is helping corporates in recruiting talent within the US. Currently, overseas business accounts for less than 5 per cent of the total revenue for the company.
Standard benchmark
“In India, the business is growing at 200-300 per cent every year,” Aggarwal added.
The company is also working as the assessment partner for National Skill Development Corporation. “We are working with 12 Sector Skills Councils, in the areas of retail, IT, gems and jewellery, electronics, security, among others,” he said. About 40 million people enter the workforce every year, according to estimates.
Aspiring Minds is working towards establishing a standard benchmark for blue collar workforce within a sector.
Vocational space
“We have been looking at expanding AMCAT’s applicability from just graduates to even those in vocational space. We are building technology enabled tablet driven solutions which are designed to work for a plumber, carpenter, among others. A certificate is later given by the Sector Skills Council and Aspiring Minds,” he said.
The company currently has 60 people in its research and development team.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Colonial Williamsburg is passing its tricorne hat  asking the public to donate to its futureAn artist’s rendering of the planned South Nassau Street entranceway to the expanded Art Museums of Colonial Williamsburg. Photo courtesy of the Colonial Williamsburg Foundation.
 
 
The Colonial Williamsburg Foundation will announce a $600 million fundraising effort Saturday to support building restoration and expansion and the introduction of more diverse programming, officials said.
The campaign has raised about $300 million since it quietly launched in 2009. The funds would build interpretive programs that focus on the lives of African-Americans and Native Americans in the 18th Century, as well as on colonists’ efforts to gain religious freedom. Another priority is historic preservation and building construction, including a new archeology lab and the expansion of the site’s two art museums. The campaign will also support education programs that would reach audiences around the world.
“At a time of such political, economic and cultural challenges – in the United States and throughout the world – Colonial Williamsburg grounds us in the principles that have sustained us as a nation for more than 230 years,” trustee and campaign chairman Steven L. Miller of Houston said in a statement. “These investments by our supporters will ensure that this Revolutionary City will continue to inform and inspire many generations of Americans to come.”
The campaign’s public phase will be launched with the announcement of a $13 million gift from Abby M. and George D O’Neill of New York. Abby O’Neill is the oldest grandchild of Colonial Williamsburg founder John D. Rockefeller, Jr.
Nearly 50 supporters have made donations of $1 million or more.
Peggy McGlone joined the Washington Post in 2014 as its local arts reporter. Prior to that, she covered the arts for The Star-Ledger in New Jersey for more than a decade.

Twitter engineers get a taste of Indian 2GTwitter engineers get a taste of Indian 2G
Holiday tech shopping: The view from thewirecutter.comGet it: If you’re looking for a movie theater experience at home
Skip it: If you simply want brightness, other models offer more for less.
Price: $2,499.98
This is a well-balanced performer across a wide range of important picture-quality attributes, including light output (brightness), contrast ratio, color accuracy and more. It’s also quieter than the competition, and it has extensive lens adjustments that allow it to fit in most rooms. Other similarly priced projectors may offer better performance in one or two categories, but none offers the overall balance of this Sony. It also has commendable input lag performance (how long it takes a TV/projector to create an image), which is important for gamers.
Waterproof camera: Olympus Tough TG-3
(Image courtesy of Olympus)
Get it: If you want a sharp shooter that’s waterproof to 50 feet
Skip it: If video quality is a priority (this one’s okay at best)
Price: $429.95
After more than 170 cumulative hours of research, interviews and testing in the wilderness and underwater with a National Geographic photographer, we’ve found that the Olympus Tough TG-3 is the best rugged and waterproof camera today. Simply put, when you’re shooting in the field, it’ll focus faster than the competition, and it will snap a brighter, bolder photo than almost any other tough camera. That’s important, because you have other things to be worrying about outdoors than fiddling with the settings. It has a fast f/2.0 lens that’s great in low light, a quick autofocus system critical for catching the action, a macro mode that’ll let you get just 1cm from tiny subjects like insects and flowers. Plus, its Wi-Fi app allows for remote shooting, settings changes and quick photo transfers.
Drones: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
(Image courtesy of DJI)
Get it: If you don’t have a lot of technical know-how and you’re not into tinkering for tinkering’s sake
Skip it: If it seems like a lot of money to spend on a thing that could crash on its maiden voyage
Price: $1,399
Of the dozens of drones aimed at the aspiring aerial photographer/videographer, this is the only one that is easy to control while having great battery life and a 2000-foot range, terrific safety features and a smartphone app that lets you preview your on-drone camera for photography and piloting ease. It has a relatively high-quality camera that’s almost as good as the GoPro Hero 3+ (rare). Its pre-programmed flight controls can be tailored to beginners and advanced pilots alike.
Carry-on luggage: Travelpro Platinum Magna
(Image courtesy of Daniel & Roberts INC)
Get it: If you want a reliable traveler
Skip it: If you fly more than 25,000 miles a year
Price: $600
After 100 hours of research, interviews, and independent trials with flight attendants and high-mileage fliers, we found that this Travelpro has the best balance of features and price for people flying less than 25,000 miles a year. It’s relatively light, the wheels are built to last, and it’s big enough to easily fit five days’ worth of clothes. Compared with other bags in this price range, you also get surprisingly high-end features and a warranty that covers anything (even airline damage) for the life of the bag.

Obama seeks support for immigration plan  blasts BoehnerObama seeks support for immigration plan  blasts Boehner
Rahul looks to convert domestic form Down UnderKL Rahul upbeat about Australia intitiation
A nervous yet excited KL Rahul exuded confidence ahead of his debut series against Australia in December.
By Gaurav Kalra | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 20 Nov, 2014 5:36 PM IST
Tweet
0
Rahul during the ICC U19 Cricket World Cup.On the eve of departing for Australia with the Indian Test squad, opening batsman KL Rahul has admitted to being a "a little bit nervous, but excited" ahead of his first tour, and added that being selected for India was "one of the biggest moments" of his career till now.
"I am very confident and I have been batting well," he told ESPNcricinfo. "Hopefully, I can continue with the same form and confidence when I get a chance in international cricket as well. I am watching the ball really well, I am moving well in the crease which is a big positive for me. I am very confident while batting, so I am hoping to continue in the same vein."
Rahul, 22, was named in the 19-member squad for the tour as a back-up to Shikhar Dhawan and Murali Vijay . His call-up was expected after a sparkling 2013 domestic season, when he made 1158 runs in 15 first-class matches at an average of 52.63, including three centuries. He started the ongoing season with a century in each innings for South Zone against Central Zone in the Duleep trophy final, making it virtually impossible for the national selectors to ignore his claims for a place in the Test side.
Rahul credits his success to improving his mental approach to batting. "At certain points after playing the new ball and doing all the hard work, somewhere I played a rash shot," he said. "Perhaps it was a lack of concentration, so I have worked on that aspect. Also I have realised that to succeed in international cricket, I will have to be a better back-foot player. The wickets are going to be harder and bouncier, and the bowlers are going to be so much quicker. I practiced a lot on my back-foot play and getting used to the pace of international bowlers and making that switch from 130s to 140s (kph)."
While this will be Rahul's first outing with the national team, he did tour Australia earlier this year as part of the India A team. In two Tests against Australia A, Rahul scored 101 runs at an average of 33.66 in three innings, including a half-century and believes that experience has made him a better player. "The wickets were very different when we went there last time, he said. "But I did learn a lot about my batting. I was getting starts and I couldn't convert them into bigger runs. Once I came back from Australia, I really worked a lot on my fitness and batting. I was getting carried away in the 30s and 40s, so I have worked with my coach on that aspect. I am focusing for long hours and I am pretty happy with the way, I've started off the season."
Rahul isn't fazed by the prospect a tough initiation to international cricket away from home, in Australian conditions and with aggressive crowds that are known to intimidate touring teams. "Maybe I could have played 2-3 series in India but I wouldn't have felt like it is international cricket," he said. "This is one tour where I will get so much international exposure, everything is going to be entirely different. It is going to be a great experience for me and I am really looking forward to it."
Since making his first-class debut as an 18-year old in 2010, Rahul has been earmarked for a national call-up by several keen observers of the game. Former India captain Rahul Dravid is among those and had picked the youngster in his squad for Australia before the national selectors named the touring party.
"We share the same name, so the comfort level is much better. It becomes easier for me to go and approach him [Dravid]," said Rahul. "Since my junior cricket days, I've been going to him and asking a lot of questions about batting, technically and mentally. He's been of great help, he's always helped me with my batting and I have been very lucky to have someone like him backing me."
Having played for India at the under-19 level including the World Cup in 2010 as well as India A, Rahul has progressed through the ranks on the back of strong performances. Now with an India cap within touching distance, he is determined not to waver from the method that has given him success so far. "I've never been a person who sets targets. That just puts undue pressure on myself," he said. "I just think of going there and enjoying my game and treat every game as important. That's what I have been doing for the last 5-6 years that I've played first class cricket so I am hoping to stick to that and try and contribute to the team each time I go out on the field."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Investigators may have recovered lost IRS emails...and
versions
WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal investigators have told Congress that they have recovered data that may include lost emails from one of the pivotal figures in the controversy over the IRS's treatment of tea party groups, congressional aides said Friday.
Frederick Hill, spokesman for Republicans who run the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said the investigators told congressional staff at a briefing Friday that they have recovered up to 30,000 emails to and from Lois Lerner.
"They didn't indicate any doubt that they'll be able to recover emails," Hill said.
A statement from Democrats and Republicans on the Senate Finance Committee was more measured. It said the investigators have recovered data "which may include emails to and/or from Lois Lerner which could be material to the investigation."
The Senate Finance statement did not specify a figure.
Lerner headed the IRS division that processes applications for tax exempt status. She told a congressional committee that she'd done nothing wrong and refused to answer lawmakers' questions, citing her constitutional protection against self-incrimination, and has since retired.
Congressional Republicans have been trying to determine whether the treatment of conservative groups was politically motivated. The IRS has acknowledged that its handling of those groups was inappropriately burdensome, but no evidence has been made public that anyone outside the IRS directed the targeting or knew about it.
The investigators were from the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, which audits the IRS. A spokeswoman for the inspector general, Karen Kraushaar, declined comment, saying the investigation was continuing.
In May 2013, the investigators issued a report saying IRS agents had given exceptionally close scrutiny to tea party and other conservative groups that applied for tax-exempt status. Since then, documents have suggested that liberal groups were also targeted for examinations, though Republicans say conservative organizations were treated more harshly.
IRS officials have said Lerner's computer crashed in 2011, destroying an untold number of emails.
Hill said it will take weeks for the investigators to process the information into a usable format and give it to the IRS, which would review it. The House Oversight panel is headed by Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif.
The Senate Finance Committee aides said the investigators must assess if the data can be made readable before documents can be delivered to their committee.
They said their panel expects to complete its bipartisan investigation of the IRS early next year. By then, majority control of the committee will flip from Democrats to Republicans.

Wildlife land fracking could yield $6M  royalties... 
JONATHAN MATTISE | November 21, 2014 06:24 PM EST | Associated Press
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) — A company has bid $6.2 million plus royalties to drill for natural gas and oil under state wildlife conservation land in Tyler County.
Denver-based Antero Resources is offering to pay more than $12,000 an acre for fracking rights under Conaway Run Wildlife Management Area, state Commerce Secretary Keith Burdette said. The bid includes a 20-percent royalty on what's extracted, and the lease would likely last three years.
The bid on the 518-acre wildlife area's oil and natural gas rights was unveiled Friday in Charleston. The land is used for hunting, fishing and camping, and includes a 100-yard rifle range.
Houston-based Noble Energy submitted a bid for about half the upfront money with the same royalty rate.
"One of those two bids is probably a record," Burdette said.
It's the second time West Virginia has offered to let companies drill horizontally under its land. Leasing the land for the technique called hydraulic fracturing, commonly called fracking, is a new venture for West Virginia, and officials think it could produce plenty of money during uncertain budget times.
In West Virginia's first try at fracking leases, officials opened bids for 22 miles of state land under the Ohio River in September. Six miles are under contract negotiations and another 11 miles are out for bid or will be shortly. Seven additional miles are being considered for bid openings.
Environmental groups cautioned Gov. Early Ray Tomblin to reconsider the Ohio River leases, since they would allow drilling beneath a river that provides drinking water to millions of people.
Burdette said the drilling would occur about a mile under the river. State environmental regulators would still have to approve permits for the operations.
All drilling equipment would need to be off-site of the state lands, Burdette added.
Other properties the state is thinking about leasing rights for include: 131 acres under Fish Creek in Marshall County; Jug Wildlife Management Area in Tyler County; and 24 acres in Doddridge County.
No fracking contracts have yet been finalized, however. All the money from the state's fracking leases would go back into Division of Natural Resources needs, like upgrades at state parks.

Jury orders Irish man to pay $2M over ethanol deal... 
RYAN J. FOLEY | November 21, 2014 06:14 PM EST | Associated Press
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) — A wealthy Irish investor must pay $2 million in damages to an Iowa doctor who was cut out of a major ethanol development in eastern Europe, a jury ruled Friday.
Branimir Catipovic, a doctor at the Veterans Affairs hospital in Des Moines, proved his civil claim of unjust enrichment against Dublin entrepreneur Mark Turley, the federal jury in Sioux City ruled. The verdict, which rejected a breach of contract claim, capped a lengthy civil trial.
Catipovic is a Croatia native who moved to the United States. While working at the VA hospital in Mason City, he became fascinated with the ethanol business and came up with an idea: Why not build large, American-style plants in regions of eastern Europe, where corn is also plentiful?
Catipovic worked with industry leader Walt Wendland, who ran an ethanol plant in Mason City, to draw up a detailed business plan. The key, Catipovic said, was using American technology and the most prominent American builder of ethanol plants, Roland Fagen of Minnesota. They pitched the idea to Turley in 2007, and he agreed to invest $40 million in order to be 80 percent owner. Catipovic and Wendland would each own 10 percent, and the first plant was to be built in Osijek, Croatia.
Turley later tried to change the terms of the agreement, and the Croatia plan eventually fell apart. Instead, Turley and Fagen built a $200 million plant in Hungary without Catipovic or Wendland, and it's been very profitable, according to court documents.
Catipovic filed a lawsuit in federal court in 2011 against Turley and Fagen, alleging breach of contract and unjust enrichment. The claims against Fagen were dropped before trial; it's not clear if there was a settlement.
Turley had argued the federal court didn't have jurisdiction because he is an Irish citizen. But U.S. District Judge Mark Bennett rejected that claim in 2012, finding that Turley could be sued because of numerous contacts with Catipovic and others in the state to develop the ethanol venture. Catipovic even quit his job for several months to go to Europe to work on the deal at Turley's urging.
Catipovic, who was seeing patients Friday, said he was grateful for the verdict, which he said holds a powerful businessman accountable for treating him unfairly.
"This is an opportunity that I doubt I would ever get in any country other than in the United States," he said.
He said he spent long hours putting together the business plan, then Turley "took all of that work, built one in Hungary and cut me out."
Turley, who has made money in importing and real estate and calls himself one of Ireland's most successful entrepreneurs, was present for the trial. His lawyers had no immediate comment.

Bin Laden son-in-law s lawyer is heading to prison... 
November 21, 2014 06:14 PM EST | Associated Press
SYRACUSE, N.Y. (AP) — An attorney for Osama bin Laden's son-in-law has been sentenced to 18 months in prison on tax charges.
Stanley Cohen was sentenced Friday in federal court in Syracuse, New York, after pleading guilty to impeding the U.S. tax agency and failing to file tax returns.
He has said a trial and any appeals would have been a "tremendous" financial burden and called the prosecution a witch hunt.
Prosecutors say Cohen filed no tax returns for six years, requested a filing extension each year and made modest payments toward taxes due.
In September, Cohen's client Sulaiman Abu Ghaith (SOO'-lay-mahn AH'-boo gayth) received life in prison for acting as the voice of al-Qaida after the Sept. 11 terror attacks.
Cohen argued there was no evidence Abu Ghaith participated directly in terrorist plots.

Nasdaq stocks posting largest volume increases... 
November 21, 2014 06:02 PM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — A look at the 10 biggest volume gainers on Nasdaq at the close of trading:
Amedica Corp. : Approximately 1,609,300 shares changed hands, a 1,629.9 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares fell $.16 or 13.7 percent to $1.01.
Capitol Acq Cp II : Approximately 100,000 shares changed hands, a 10,685.7 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares remained unchanged at $9.79.
Citizens First Corp. : Approximately 40,700 shares changed hands, a 2,621.8 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares fell $.38 or 3.2 percent to $11.65.
CollabRx Inc. : Approximately 180,000 shares changed hands, a 1,043.1 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.21 or 38.2 percent to $.76.
Edap TMS : Approximately 1,840,000 shares changed hands, a 929.4 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.35 or 17.7 percent to $2.33.
Endurance Intl : Approximately 5,413,400 shares changed hands, a 2,038.4 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $2.45 or 16.7 percent to $17.12.
Home Bancorp Inc. LA : Approximately 228,000 shares changed hands, a 1,850.6 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.20 or .9 percent to $22.70.
Lexicon Pharma : Approximately 18,247,200 shares changed hands, a 1,618.2 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares fell $.06 or 5.5 percent to $.95.
NY Mortgage Trust : Approximately 18,676,500 shares changed hands, a 1,474.1 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares fell $.32 or 3.9 percent to $7.86.
TCP Capital Corp. : Approximately 3,992,400 shares changed hands, a 1,403.3 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. The shares fell $.72 or 4.1 percent to $16.75.

Nasdaq stocks posting largest percentage decreases... 
November 21, 2014 06:02 PM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — A look at the 10 biggest percentage decliners on Nasdaq at the close of trading:
Aruba Networks fell 13.7 percent to $18.82.
Second Sight Medical fell 10.4 percent to $21.14.
Knightsbridge Tankers Ltd. fell 10.2 percent to $6.41.
Borderfree Inc. fell 9.4 percent to $8.46.
Emclaire Financial fell 9.2 percent to $24.06.
Geospace Technologies Corp. fell 9.1 percent to $29.54.
Habit Restaurants fell 7.5 percent to $36.59.
Courier Corp. fell 6.3 percent to $13.44.
MediWound Ltd. fell 6.3 percent to $5.33.
Neothetics Inc. fell 6.3 percent to $11.25.

NYSE stocks posting largest volume decreases... 
November 21, 2014 06:02 PM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — A look at the 10 biggest volume decliners on New York Stock Exchange at the close of trading:
American Realty Investors Inc. : Approximately 400 shares changed hands, a 88.5 decrease from its 65-day average volume. The shares fell $.09 or 1.6 percent to $5.40.
BRT Realty Trust : Approximately 700 shares changed hands, a 95.8 decrease from its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.02 or .2 percent to $7.19.
Blackrock Florida Municipal 2020 Term Trust : Approximately 2,100 shares changed hands, a 83.7 decrease from its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.01 or .1 percent to $15.02.
Colum Sel LgCapVal : Approximately 100 shares changed hands, a 92.6 decrease from its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.56 or 1.2 percent to $47.12.
Fortegra Financial Corp. : Approximately 800 shares changed hands, a 98.3 decrease from its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.02 or .2 percent to $9.94.
MFS Special Value Trust : Approximately 2,300 shares changed hands, a 82.5 decrease from its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.05 or .7 percent to $7.55.
Mesa Royalty Trust : Approximately 1,000 shares changed hands, a 94.2 decrease from its 65-day average volume. The shares rose $.17 or .6 percent to $30.09.
Nortel Inversora SA : Approximately shares changed hands, a 98.7 decrease from its 65-day average volume. The shares remained unchanged at $22.88.
Startek Inc. : Approximately 1,000 shares changed hands, a 90.7 decrease from its 65-day average volume. The shares remained unchanged at $8.30.
TAL Education Group : Approximately 95,200 shares changed hands, a 83.8 decrease from its 65-day average volume. The shares remained unchanged at $32.03.

Most active New York Stock Exchange-traded stocks... 
November 21, 2014 06:02 PM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — A look at New York Stock Exchange 10 most-active stocks at the close of trading:
AT&T Inc. was unchanged at $35.28 with 27,596,500 shares traded.
Bank of America Corp. rose .7 percent to $17.12 with 60,808,000 shares traded.
El Paso Pipeline Partners LP fell .6 percent to $41.96 with 22,215,600 shares traded.
Ford Motor Co. fell .2 percent to $15.43 with 24,408,900 shares traded.
General Electric Co. rose .5 percent to $26.99 with 35,062,100 shares traded.
Halliburton Co. rose 2.9 percent to $50.63 with 29,674,600 shares traded.
Hertz Global Holdings Inc. rose 4.5 percent to $23.77 with 24,123,900 shares traded.
Kinder Morgan Energy Partners LP fell .6 percent to $97.34 with 35,643,400 shares traded.
Kinder Morgan Inc. fell .4 percent to $39.75 with 55,006,500 shares traded.
Pfizer Inc. was unchanged at $30.45 with 26,882,400 shares traded.

Srinivasan to appeal for contesting BCCI electionsMore
Srinivasan to appeal for contesting BCCI elections
The BCCI has filed an affidavit with India's Supreme Court to contest the Mudgal panel's finding that N Srinivasan and four other BCCI officials were aware of a player's code of conduct violation but did not act on it.
By News Desk | ESPNcricinfo | ESPNcricinfo –  Fri 21 Nov, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
The BCCI has filed an affidavit with India's Supreme Court to contest the Mudgal panel's finding that its sidelined president N Srinivasan and four other board officials were aware of a player's code of conduct violation but did not act on it.
Steadily regaining lost ground. The BCCI said the IPL player, known as Individual 3 in the Mudgal report, had been "orally reprimanded" and the then board president Shashank Manohar was satisfied with the player's explanation. The cricketer is named in the Mudgal committee report on the role of players in the IPL 2013 corruption scandal, but his name was omitted in the report on the officials.
In his affidavit, BCCI secretary Sanjay Patel said: "On 18th (November), BCCI discussed Justice Mudgal Panel report and Ranjib Biswal, representing Orissa Cricket Association, who was the manager at the time of incident, mentioned that the incident referred to by the panel took place when he was the manager of the Indian cricket team. The incident was a minor one and player was orally reprimanded and Shashank Manohar, President of BCCI at that time was satisfied with the explanation given by the player."
HOPEFUL OF CONTESTING
Sidelined BCCI president N Srinivasan has filed a fresh appeal with the Supreme Court requesting it for permission to contest the Board's presidential elections.
Srinivasan has based his appeal on the court's recent observations on the Mudgal panel's report that absolved him of being involved in IPL spot fixing and betting and of trying to jeopardize the progress of the probe.
--------
The Mudgal report, which was submitted to the Supreme Court on November 3, had referred to Srinivasan as Individual No. 13 and stated: "the individual along with four other BCCI officials was aware of the violation of the Players Code of Conduct by Individual 3, but no action was taken against Individual 3 by any of the aforesaid officials who were aware of this infraction".
The report also found Srinivasan not guilty of either betting or fixing, or of having tried to prevent the investigation into the IPL 2013 corruption scandal. Srinivasan, however, is one of four individuals - along with IPL chief operating officer Sundar Raman, Chennai Super Kings team official Gurunath Meiyappan and Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra - to have received a court notice for alleged "misdemeanours". The next hearing of the case is on November 24.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

U.S. stocks gain on Chinese rate cut  Draghi comments; Dow rises 0.51%U.S. stocks gain on Chinese rate cut  Draghi comments; Dow rises 0.51%
Based on the steep recovery in international markets i expect both ope...Like this Message. Repost it to millions of investors.
Guest
consequently there`d be steep downfall we can expect from Monday till rbi policy and downfall will continue if no rate cut..... just wait n see
In reply to : k.v.renga message
6.52 AM Nov 22nd

Global markets:----asian markets finished broadly higher today with sh...Platinum Member
483 Followers
GLOBAL MARKETS:----Asian markets finished broadly higher today with shares in China leading the region. The Shanghai Composite is up 1.39% while Hong Kong`s Hang Seng is up 0.37% and Japan`s Nikkei 225 is up 0.33%
6.15 AM Nov 22nd  | Track

Theek hai... :-) - the right handYep... things goin gr8 my side...
Btw... for u... if u some cash in spare...
Invest in Lanco Industries , Torrent Power for two fold returns , Suzlon currently trading at 14..target 21, Punjab & Sind Bank target 98.
All the targets should hit in the next 2 or maybe 3 quaters. N dont miss Lanco Industries n Torrent Power. Suzlon will give u multifold returns if u can hold it for 5 - 7 years.
- The Right Hand
In reply to : alokchandrindia message
9.01 PM Nov 22nd

Global markets:----european markets closed sharply higher today with s...Platinum Member
483 Followers
GLOBAL MARKETS:----European markets closed sharply higher today with shares in France leading the region. The CAC 40 is up 2.67% while Germany`s DAX is up 2.62% and London`s FTSE 100 is up 1.08%
6.11 AM Nov 22nd  | Track

Middle East & AfricaAnni Dewani's family were deeply disappointed with the judge's decision.
December 8, 20144:22 pm
Israel has carried out several airstrikes in Syria that have targeted sophisticated weapons systems.
December 8, 20141:41 pm
"All those who were on board died," the statement said, adding that all were from Ethiopia.
December 8, 201411:10 am
After three years of fighting in Syria, more than 3.2 million refugees are registered in neighbouring countries.
December 7, 20145:38 pm
The attack was the third jailbreak in the past two months in the West African nation.
December 6, 20146:24 pm
The base has been used by the government in the past months to launch air raids on areas held by the IS.
December 5, 20145:29 pm
Nigerian soldier will go into isolation at a "calamity unit'' at the University Medical Center Utrecht
December 5, 20143:14 pm
The Chinese were arrested with equipment that was capable of hacking into government servers.
December 5, 20142:38 pm
"Twenty years of democracy has been possible because of Mandela," said tribal chief Ron Martin.
December 6, 201410:53 am
First attack targeted a line of small restaurants killing 11 people and wounding 25 others.
December 5, 201411:49 am
Al-Khawaja was also fined the equivalent of around $8,000
December 5, 20143:43 pm
The man identified himself as Luke Somers and said he had been kidnapped well over a year ago.
December 4, 20144:27 pm
Machnouk said the girl and two other children detained with al-Dulaimi are being held in a child care center.
December 4, 20145:23 pm
The Islamic State group already controls the surrounding province.
December 4, 20142:20 pm
Until this week, there had been no confirmation of Iranian air activity.
December 4, 201412:14 pm
The global fight against IS has had a slow start but efforts are being made to speed it up.
December 3, 20143:52 pm
Lebanese troops have been battling Syria-based Islamic militants in areas near the border.
December 3, 20144:01 pm
She had herself falsely claimed that she is the reclusive extremist leader's spouse.
December 3, 20143:47 pm
Votes expected next week will dissolve Israel's parliament, ushering in new polls
December 3, 20143:26 pm
President Uhuru Kenyatta vowed his security forces will intensify the war on terrorism.
December 3, 20143:39 pm
Suicide bomber rammed vehicle into a U.N. convoy near Mogadishu airport, killing three people.
December 3, 201412:47 pm
They were also found guilty of the attempted murder of 10 other police personnel.
December 3, 201411:03 am
It was not immediately clear who was behind the attack.
December 3, 20143:58 pm
The woman who is believed to be one of the wives of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the group's reclusive leader.
December 2, 20141:28 pm
Citizen Television said the 36 workers were killed when suspected al Shabaab militants from Somalia attacked the quarry.
December 1, 20148:27 pm
The attack which killed atleast 15 and wounded 5, took place in al-Walid on Iraq's side of the border.
December 1, 20146:28 pm
The militants have been waging a 5yr rebellion to create a hardline Islamic state in northeast Nigeria.
November 30, 20144:58 pm
The coalition aistrikes took place overnight and targeted IS positions in the city of Raqqa as well as the Division 17 air base.
November 30, 20144:24 pm
Over the past months, the school has been repeatedly targeted and racist graffiti was sprayed on its walls.
November 30, 20141:04 pm
Over 3,000 protesters took to the streets after Mubarak was acquitted of a murder charge.
November 30, 20141:25 am
Vatican said that Pope Francis will tour Istanbul's Sultan Ahmet mosque on Saturday.
November 30, 201410:28 am
The court ruled that Mubarak's 7 ex-security commanders were innocent in the killings, during the 2011 revolution.
November 29, 201410:45 am
The mosque is next to the palace of the emir of Kano although the emir himself wasn't present.
November 29, 201412:44 pm
The Vatican added a speech to Francis' itinerary Sunday at an event in which some Syrian refugees are expected to attend.
November 28, 20143:05 pm
On the eve of his trip, Francis repeated that it was legitimate to use force to stop the IS advance.
November 26, 20144:50 pm
The virus has spread to other parts of the world, though it has mostly remained centred in Saudi Arabia.
1

The Financial ExpressBalance of payments narrows but remains in surplus for fourth year in a row
The country's balance of payments (BoP) remained surplus for the fourth consecutive year at 6.9 billion dollar...

Business Publication DivisionUntitled Document
The Indian Express Group
The Express Group is one of the nation's largest          media conglomerates with a wide selection of publications and a network          of offices spread across the length and breadth of the country. Growing          in strength from a single edition to 29 national editions and 3 language          dailies that reach over 5 million across the country. The Indian Express          Group publications include the Indian Express, Financial Express, Loksatta and the highly respected Bollywood weekly - Screen among others. Today, The Express Group boasts an extensive newsgathering          and marketing infrastructure as well as a state-of-the-art communications          network within the Indian publishing industry.
Business Publications Division
The Indian Express Group is a pioneer in launching niche business and trade publications, exclusively handled by its strategic business unit: Business Publications Division (BPD). Established in 1990, the division manages leading B2B publications and events catering to major industry verticals such as Information Technology, Hospitality, Travel, Pharma and Healthcare.
Publications

Movie Show Timings in Mumbaimovie show timings in mumbai
Real Estate DevelopersGet updates on upcoming deals
Hurry! Register for free email alerts
We respect your privacy, and we will never give out your email address.
Property advice

Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policygrievance@timesinternet.in
 
The company shall not be responsible for any communication, if addressed, to any non-designated person in this regard.
Limitations of Liabilities
Any transactions relating to sale/purchase of goods or services not directly offered by TIL are to be settled inter-se between the parties to such transaction and all warranties express or implied of any kind, regarding any matter pertaining thereto, including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement are disclaimed by TIL. TIL merely endeavors to provide a platform where you and other party may interact, exchange information or carry out sale/purchase transactions on such terms and in the manner mutually agreed between you and the other party. TIL does not have any involvement in the actual transactions between the buyers and sellers in any way. It is only you, who is entirely responsible for all the activities, arising out of the transactions of sale/purchase of goods or services offered by any other party and not TIL. TIL will not be liable for any loss that you may incur, while selling or purchasing goods /services of the third party.
Under No circumstances will TIL be held responsible or liable, in any way, for any content which in Legal opinion is derogatory, threatening, defamatory, obscene or offensive or offends public sensibilities or morals and shall also not assume liability for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted or uploaded on the Site, or any infringement of another's rights, including intellectual property rights. You specifically agree that TIL is not responsible for any content sent using and/or included in TIL's site/service by any third party.
Termination of Account
TIL reserves its right to refuse service, restrict, suspend,terminate your account; (Terminate this Agreement; Terminate or suspend your access to the TIL's Web Sites; Refuse, move or remove for any reason any Content / Image that you submit on or through the Services; Refuse, move, or remove any Content / Image that is available on or through the Services; Deactivate or delete your accounts and all related information and files in your account; Establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Services) at any time and, remove or edit contents or cancel orders (entered by you) in its sole discretion with or without cause, and with or without any prior notice for any violation of the Terms of Use. Upon such termination or suspension, your right to use the TIL's Web Sites will immediately cease.
You can also terminate your account at any time but your information may remain stored in archive on our servers even after the deletion or the termination of your account.
User Conduct and Obligations
You hereby agree and assure TIL that the Site/Services shall be used for lawful purposes only and that you will not violate laws, regulations, ordinances or other such requirements of any applicable Central, State or local government or any other international laws. You further concur that you will not, through Site/Service:
1. post, distribute, or otherwise make available or transmit any software or other computer files that contain a virus trojan horses, time bombs, bots, botnets, malicious content, content theft, data manipulation, threats or any other harmful programs or elements or component;
2. delete from the Site any legal notices, disclaimers, or proprietary notices such as copyright or trademark symbols, or modify any logos that you do not own or have express permission to modify;
3. not use the Site / Service in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair and not to undertake any action which is harmful or potentially harmful to any TIL's server, or the network(s), computer systems / resource connected to any TIL server, or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Site/Service;
4. obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Site/Service;
5. engage in any activity that causes / may harm minors; or
6. perform any activity which is likely to cause such harm;
7. impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, TIL's official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
8.  take any action which encourages or consists of any threat of harm of any kind to any person or property;
9. carry out any "denial of service" (DoS, DDoS) or any other harmful attacks on application or internet service or;
10. make any inappropriate, illegal or otherwise prohibited communication to any Newsgroup, Mailing List, Chat Facility, or other Internet Forum;
11. use the Site/Service for illegal purposes;
12. disrupt, place unreasonable burdens or excessive loads on, interfere with or attempt to make or attempt any unauthorized access to any TIL website or the website of any TIL's customer;
13. transmit through the Site, any unlawful, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, libelous, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature. This includes text, graphics, video, programs or audio, etc.;
14. collect or attempt to collect personally identifiable information of any person or entity without their express written consent and you shall maintain records of any such written consent throughout the terms of this agreement and for a period of 2 years thereafter;
15. engage in antisocial, disruptive, or destructive acts, including "flaming," "spamming," "flooding," "trolling," and "griefing" as those terms are commonly understood and used on the Internet
16. forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the Site.
17. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," duplicative messages or any other form of solicitation.
18. encumber or suffer to exist any lien or security interest on the subject matter of this Agreement; or
19. make any representation or warranty on behalf of TIL. You agree not to post, distribute, transmit or otherwise make available any data, text, message, computer file, or other material that infringes and/or violates any right of a third party or any domestic or international law, rule, or regulation, including but not limited to:
20. infringement of any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary rights of any third party, including, but not limited to, the unauthorized copying of copyrighted material, the digitization and distribution of photographs from magazines, books, or other copyrighted sources, and the unauthorized transmittal of copyrighted software;
21. right of privacy (specifically, you must not distribute another person's personal information of any kind without their express permission) or publicity;
22. any confidentiality obligation
Unless otherwise permitted, you will: (i) display the Service on your Site in the exact form received by you, and not modify or edit any of the foregoing without TIL's prior written consent; (ii) ensure that the fundamental meaning of the Service is not changed or distorted; (iii) comply with all applicable laws and all limitations and restrictions (if any) placed by TIL on the use, display or distribution of any Service and (iv) not archive any of the Service for access by users at any future date after the Service has been removed from your Web site. You acknowledge that the service must link and redirect to the appropriate TIL's Web page when a user clicks on the Service (e.g. a headline). You shall not display the Service in such a manner that does not allow for successful linking and redirection to, and delivery of, TIL's Web page, nor may you frame any TIL's Web page.
No Controlling Spam Policy or Unsolicited E-mails
You will not use any communication tool or other means available on the Site to transmit, directly or indirectly, any unsolicited bulk communications (including emails and instant messages). TIL will not sell, lease or rent its e-mail subscriber lists to third parties. You may not harvest information about users of TIL for the purpose of sending or to facilitate the sending of unsolicited bulk communications. We may terminate your access or use of the Site immediately, with or without any notice, and take any other legal action if you, or anyone using your access details to the Site, violates these terms. We may adopt any technical remedy (including any filtering technology or other measures) to prevent unsolicited bulk communications from entering, utilizing or remaining within our computer or communication networks. Such filtering technology or other measures may block, either temporarily or permanently, some e-mail sent to you through the TIL's Web Sites.
Terms of Use for Indiatimes mail
Indiatimes Mail is designed to not let your mails bounce on account of space. However, your mails may bounce on account of other reasons like wrong or mispelt recipient name, size of e-mail, size /number of attachments, overall attachment limit, mail/attachment containing viruses/sinister code, server fault from the senders end, internet link failure etc, for which Indiatimes has no control and responsibility.
The size of the mail/size of attachments, etc. should be in accordance to the guidelines of Indiatimes e-mail:
7 Megabyte (MB) for Incoming Mail
20 MB for Outgoing Mail
Unlimited storage space is an offer valid only for a limited period of time and it can be withdrawn/extended by Indiatimes at any given point of time. The offer is valid only to those users meeting all the registration criterion and adhering to the usage policy defined below. (TIL reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any given point of time at its discretion)
Usage policy of Indiatimes Mail
If the user does not access/log in into his mailbox at least once in three months (90 days) period, then the user account will be terminated and the user will no longer have access to the same. The users are subject to all other terms and conditions contained herein.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
All warranties without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, workmanlike effort, title and non-infringement are disclaimed and excluded.
TIL and its parent, affiliates and associates shall not be liable, at any time for any, direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential, damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business projects, damage to your computer system or damages for loss of profits, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the TIL's sites/services, with the delay or inability to use the TIL's sites/services or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the TIL sites/services, or otherwise arising out of the use of the TIL sites/services) arising in contract, tort or otherwise from the use of or inability to use the Site, or any of its contents, or from any act or omissions a result of using the Site or any such contents or for any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorised access to, alteration of, or use of information contained on the site, shutting down of the whole or part of the Indiatimes Mail Services that might result in any loss of information, non retrieval or loss of data, or arising out of the inability to use any services.
Links to Other Sites
All the contents of this Site are only for general information or use. They do not constitute advice and should not be relied upon in making (or refraining from making) any decision. Any specific advice or replies to queries in any part of the Site is/are the personal opinion of such experts/consultants/persons and are not subscribed to by this Site. The information from or through this site is provided on "AS IS" basis, and all warranties and conditions, expressed or implied of any kind, regarding any matter pertaining to any goods, service or channel, including without Certain links on the Site lead to resources located on servers maintained by third parties, these sites of third party(s) may contain TIL's-logo, please understand that it is independent from TIL, over whom TIL has no control or connection, business or otherwise as these sites are external to TIL. You agree and understand that by visiting such sites you are beyond the TIL's website. TIL, therefore neither endorses nor offers any judgement or warranty and accepts no responsibility or liability for the authenticity, availability, suitability, reliability, accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained, of any of the goods/services/or for any damage, loss or harm, direct or consequential or any violation of local or international laws that may be incurred by your visit and/or transaction/s on these site(s), as the same is provided on "as is" without warranty of any kind. TIL gives no warranty and makes no representation whether expressed or implied, that the information contained in this site is error free. TIL shall not be responsible nor liable for any consequential damages arising on account of your relying on the contents of the advertisement. Before relying on the material, users should independently verify its relevance for their purposes, and should obtain any appropriate professional advice.
Material Submitted by Users
Certain elements of the Site will contain material submitted by users. TIL accepts no responsibility for the content, accuracy, conformity to applicable laws of such material. You will indemnify and hold harmless TIL against all third party claims, demands and actions brought against TIL which arises from or relates to the material submitted by you.
Advertising Material
Part of the Site contains advertising information or promotion material or other material submitted to TIL by third parties. Responsibility for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on Site complies with applicable International and National law is exclusively on the party providing the information/material. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers other than TIL found on or through the Website, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between You and such advertiser. TIL will not be responsible or liable for any claim, error, omission, inaccuracy in advertising material or any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such non-TIL advertisers on the Website. TIL reserves the right to omit, suspend or change the position of any advertising material submitted for insertion. Acceptance of advertisements on the Site will be subject to these terms and conditions.
Data Protection
TIL may send information and offer products and services to you from time to time. For further details relating to our policy relating to such offer please refer to our privacy statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, TIL reserves the right to disclose any information in response to / that it is required to be shared, disclosed or make made available to any governmental, administrative, regulatory or judicial authority under any law or regulation applicable to TIL.
Further, TIL can (and you authorize TIL to) disclose your name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email, and company name to Intellectual Property right's owners, as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity.
Relationship
None of the provisions of the User Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a partnership or agency between you and TIL and you shall have no authority to bind TIL in any manner, whatsoever.
Force Majeure
TIL shall have no liability to you for any interruption or delay, to access the Site irrespective of the cause.
Indian Law
The Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of India. The Courts of law at Delhi/New Delhi shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising under this agreement.
Entire Agreement
These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter.
Limited time to bring your claim
You and TIL agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the TIL's web sites, only, must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues otherwise, such cause of action will be permanently barred.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy
By using TIL's sites and services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy statement, your only remedy is to discontinue use of TIL sites. We reserve the right, to modify this Privacy Statement at any time.
General Terms
Rights and obligations under the Terms which by their nature should survive will remain in full effect after termination or expiration of the Terms.
Any express waiver or failure to exercise promptly any right under the Terms will not create a continuing waiver or any expectation of non-enforcement.
If any provision of the Terms is held invalid by any law or regulation of any government, or by any court or arbitrator, the parties agree that such provision will be replaced with a new provision that accomplishes the original business purpose, and the other provisions of the Terms will remain in full force and effect.
Notice of Copyright Infringement
TIL is not liable for any infringement of copyright arising out of materials posted on or transmitted through the site, or items advertised on the site, by end users or any other third parties. In the event you have any grievance in relation to any Content uploaded on the Site, you may contact us at copyright.infringement@indiatimes.com or write at the following address:
Times Internet Limited
Plot No. 391, Udyog Vihar, Phase - III,
Gurgaon, Haryana 122002, India
Ph: 0124-4187000
We request you to please provide the following information in your complaint:-
(a) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner for the purposes of the complaint
(b) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
(c) Identification of the material on our website that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity.
(d) The address, telephone number or e-mail address of the complaining party.
(e)A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
(f) A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notice of copyright infringement is accurate, and that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right that is allegedly infringed.
Copyright Notice
Copyright 2012 Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.
This disclaimer/terms of service notification is subject to change without notice.
Be a Part of The New & Next
2,344,344 FRIENDS

Hindustan Media Ventures Ltd.CONTACT US
Hindustan ranks as the second largest-read daily in the country.
Hindustan has 4 editions and 113 sub editions across the Hindi belt. They are spread across Delhi, Bihar (Patna, Muzaffarpur and Bhagalpur), Jharkhand (Ranchi, Jamshedpur and Dhanbad), Uttar Pradesh (Lucknow, Varanasi, Meerut, Agra and Kanpur) and Chandigarh. Apart from these, the paper is also available in key towns like Aligarh, Mathura and Allahabad. Hindustan has just been relaunched in a completely new avatar. 'Hindustan', covers news across the entire spectrum of international, national and local news relating to politics, business, entertainment, sports and other general interests. The first edition of 'Hindustan' was published on April 12, 1936 from Delhi and the reach of our newspaper now extends to six regions, namely, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Bihar, Jharkhand, Mohali and Delhi NCR.  more  
Explore Our Brands
Nandan, an HT Media children's magazine is over 45 years old. It is extremely popular among children and their families in India and abroad   more 
Annual Report 2013-14

Reprints & PermissionsPublisher Info
Thank you for your interest in repurposing Gannett content. PARS  International Corp. is the authorized reprint, permissions / licensing  agent for Gannett. We offer  a full suite of products and services  ranging from hardcopy and electronic reprints to plaques, posters, and  permissions / licensing, including photocopies.
Please note that all of our products and services (including research and clearance services) are subject to fees.
 
High-impact uses of Gannett content include:
Advertising & Marketing
Corporate Literature, Newsletters & Annual Reports
Trade Show Signage & Leave Behinds
Direct Mail

Sign in with FacebookJames Healey's Test Drive today is the e-GOLF Volkswagen.
5 of 15
See more video
The best and worst run states in 2014
Doug McIntyre lays out the results of 24/7 Wall Street's 2014 study pf the best run states in America.
6 of 15
See more video
Jobs take off, hit 3-year high
Senior editor Owen Ullmann talks about the November jobs report announcing 321,000 added jobs — the largest one-month gain in nearly three years.
7 of 15
See more video
New McDonald's kiosk lets you design your own sandwich
Want  jalapeños on your burger? USA TODAY's Bruce Horovitz takes a look at McDonald's "Create Your Taste" experiment at one of their franchises in Orange County, Calif. Video produced by Robert Hanashiro/USA TODAY
8 of 15
Starbucks new flagship store in Seattle
Starbucks opens a new 15,000 square foot store in the chic Capitol Hill area of Seattle.
9 of 15
See more video
Take a look at the best James Bond cars
Filmmakers announced that 007 will be cruising around in a silver Aston Martin DB10 in the 2015 Bond flick, Spectre. Watch scenes with some of the coolest cars James Bond has had over the years.
10 of 15
See more video
How long are these low gas prices going to last?
The last time fuel was this cheap, at well under $3 a gallon nationally, was the fall of 2010. How long will we see these low prices?
11 of 15
Shop for fake Christmas trees during this 2-week window
If you've decided to buy a fake Christmas tree this year, shop during this two-week window.
12 of 15
See more video
Giving the gift of higher education
Still trying to figure out what to get the children on your list for the holidays? How about the gift of higher education. Grandparents and others can contribute to a child's 529 plan.
13 of 15
See more video
Customer reviews of $120,000 Samsung TV are hilarious
Samsung has a TV that costs $120,000. The customer reviews of the expensive tube are as funny as you'd think. Patrick Jones (@Patrick_E_Jones) explains. Video provided by Buzz60
14 of 15
See more video
United Way CEO Brian Gallagher on jobs and the skills gap
USA TODAY's Hadley Malcolm talks to United Way CEO Brian Gallagher about work the nonprofit is doing in closing the skills gap in industries like healthcare and manufacturing.
15 of 15

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more.Our approach to external linking
How links are chosen for BBC Online
BBC Online includes links to both internal (BBC) and external (non-BBC) websites. We select links that are editorially relevant to the content they are linking from and are suitable for the likely audience.
These links are included for a number of reasons, including:
for further relevant information or other key source material
for background information
for entertainment or enjoyment
for further informed comment
We do not link to external sites in return for cash, services or any other consideration in kind.
We link to sites purely on editorial merit. These will most often be free to access, but users may sometimes be asked to register or subscribe before viewing content.
The BBC homepage does not accept submissions or requests. The homepage team selects links and evaluates websites on the basis of editorial relevance.
Links to external websites
External links are selected and reviewed when the page is published. However, the BBC is not responsible for the content of external websites. This is because:
the BBC does not produce them or maintain/update them
the BBC cannot change them
they can be changed without the BBC's knowledge or agreement.
Some of our external links may be to websites which also offer commercial services, such as online purchases.
The inclusion of a link to an external website from bbc.co.uk should not be understood to be an endorsement of that website or the site's owners (or their products/services).
Links to user generated material
Some of the content we link to on both BBC sites and external ones is generated by members of the public ( messageboards and photo-sharing sites for example). The views expressed are those of the public and unless specifically stated are not those of the BBC. If you consider this content to be in breach of the house rules as indicated on the website, please alert the moderators or site owners on the sites where the material appears.
Sign posts and content information
Increasingly, bbc.co.uk is making more video and audio content available online (via a video or radio player). The BBC online guidelines state:
Any material on the BBC homepage must be suitable for a general audience including children.
The first click from the BBC homepage should not normally lead straight to a page which includes material which is unsuitable for a general audience.
Where appropriate, users are informed of the nature of the material they might expect to see or hear by clear labelling on destination pages and on the video or radio players.
General links information:

Skip to local navigationBBC © 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more.
This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.

Online Shopping in Indiaonline shopping in india
Kids education and games siteï»¿
In.com Offers Videos, News, Photos, Celebs, Live TV Channels, TV Schedules, Games, Movie Reviews, Astrology, Downloads, Restaurant Guide, Email, Colors TV, MTV India, Live Cricket Scores, Search Online

Perverts may make the most of new Poke appPerverts may make the most of new Poke app
First Published: Mon,Dec 24 2012, 9:24 am IST
Also Read
Top 10 Honeymoon Destinations
Updated:Mon, Dec 24 2012, 9:24 am IST
FACEBOOK'S new photo and video messaging app that mimics infamous sexting app Snapchat has raised concerns it could encourage sexting among teens, and even enable sharing of child pornography.
The Facebook Poke app, which allows users to send each other photos and video that "self destruct" after a few seconds, has already become the most popular free download on iTunes since it was officially launched on Friday.
Users can send messages or pictures instantly to any of their Facebook friends and opt for them to self-delete after one, three, five or 10 seconds.
It is almost identical to controversial messaging app Snapchat, which has attracted worldwide criticism for enabling teens to engage in "sexting" - texting nude or sexy photos - with a perceived lack of consequences.
However there is nothing to stop users of either app taking a screenshot of messages they receive which can be forwarded to others.
Facebook Poke throws up an alert if it detects a recipient taking a screenshot of a message, but users are virtually powerless to take any action to prevent that screenshot being shared.
It is also unclear whether images and video sent through Facebook Poke end up stored on the social media network's servers even after they have self-deleted, or for how long.
Facebook could not be reached for comment.
Sydney psychologist and teacher Collett Smart told News Ltd apps like Facebook Poke and Snapchat could make teens vulnerable to exploitation and could even provide an easy way for criminals to share child porn.
Ms Smart said that over the past six months, she had counselled countless girls who had been pressured into sending nude photos to their boyfriends as a "sexy present", and this app would only cause more harm.
"We have all sorts of issues with child porn and we're supposed to be protecting kids from exploitation and apps like that in no way protect young kids," she said.
"They don't have the capacity to know the dangers.
"Who actually wants to take photos of your holiday on the beach, or your school graduation or something like that and have them dissolve in 10 seconds? We're not dumb, we know what this app will be used for."
A recent parliamentary inquiry in Victoria heard one in five children aged 10 to 15 had either sent or received a sext.
Anyone under the age of 18 taking, sending or receiving naked pictures can be charged with child pornography offences, which carries penalties of up to 15 years in jail and placement on a sex offenders register.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Greedy Google spends $18.7 million for random domain namesGreedy Google spends $18.7 million for random domain names
First Published: Mon,Dec 24 2012, 8:49 am IST
Also Read
Could You be Liable for an Internet Explorer Tax?
Updated:Mon, Dec 24 2012, 8:49 am IST
Tech giant Google is attempting to buy a range of common internet addresses as part of a major push into an expensive type of online real estate called top-level domains, including .lol - the acronym for &quote;laugh out loud&quote;.
Generic top-level domains (gTLDs) allow bidders with enough money to buy the last part of internet addresses. This would mean replacing .com, .org or .gov with whatever Google wanted for a minimum cost of $US185,000 each.
According to a blog post by the company, Google is trying to buy a range of well-known extensions that it has no copyright over. Examples cited by the tech giant include .docs and .lol, a common acronym used on the internet to represent humour.
Any user hoping to register a website with those extensions, such as www.word.docs or www.humour.lol, would then need to pay Google and seek its permission. The company also wants to register trademarked names such as .YouTube and .Google.
Local firms and sporting codes are also chasing a range of names. Perth-based internet provider iiNet and the Australian Football League are bidding for .iinet and .afl, respectively. The Victorian and NSW governments are applying for state and capital city-based addresses such as .Sydney, .Melbourne and .Vic.
While rival companies could theoretically compete against Google for common domain names like .lol they would be forced into a bidding war with the search giant, which had $US49 billion in cash equivalents at the end of March.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) is the global body set to gain the most. When two companies are judged to have fair claims over a generic name such as .hotel or .holiday, a limitless auction starts and no refunds are allowed.
The full list of companies that have applied for customised internet real estate will be revealed later this month to allow for protests by trademark holders. Contentious names already being bid for include .city and .hotel.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Can you believe this is Aishwarya Rai at the Cannes Festival 2012Can you believe this is Aishwarya Rai at the Cannes Festival 2012
First Published: Mon,Dec 24 2012, 9:18 am IST
Also Read
Top 10 Honeymoon Destinations
Updated:Mon, Dec 24 2012, 9:18 am IST
The ever beautiful Aishwarya Rai, now a mom to a beautiful baby at the Cannes Festival this year.
she looked pretty even as said 'fat', some women might be too thin, appeared unattractive, however, beauty is in the eyes of beholder.Unfortunately, in India, Aishwarya Rai has been receiving more flak than compliments for her post delivery weight gain.
Type "Aishwarya Rai fat" on Google and you will be shocked to see the search results - It's over three million!
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Facebook Charging $100 to Message Mark ZuckerbergFacebook Charging $100 to Message Mark Zuckerberg
First Published: Fri,Jan 11 2013, 9:27 am IST
Also Read
Updated:Fri, Jan 11 2013, 9:27 am IST
We knew Facebook was eager for new revenue streams. We just didn't know they were this eager.
If you try to send founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg a message on Facebook, 24x7 Reporting discovered Thursday, the social network will offer to keep the message out of his "Other" Inbox — for a cool $100.
And here's the rub: in our tests from multiple accounts, it appears you only get this message if you're not one of Zuck's 16 million followers. In other words, Facebook is charging you $100 for being ignorant of the fact that you can follow its founder and send a message for free.
Keen Facebook observers will recognize this as a variant on the $1 pay-to-message plan that the social network has been experimenting with for months. The company indicated at the time that it would be experimenting with other prices, so it's possible we're starting to see the fruits of that.
There were sporadic reports in December of Facebook charging various people $100 for the service, but this is the first time we've seen it — and certainly the first time we've seen it applied to the founder.
The "Other" inbox is Facebook's dumping ground for all messages it guesses you won't want to read urgently. It's been controversial for some time, as most users are entirely unaware of its existence — and many discover messages they really wish they'd read at the time, such as job offers.
The $1 pay-to-message plan was first announced in December, and was described by the company as a test. It allows anyone to message anyone else's inbox directly for that one-time fee, whether they are friends or not. It was derided by some users as Facebook spam.
We've reached out to Facebook for a response on this story, and will let you know what we hear back. In the meantime, let us know in the comments what Facebook is charging you to message people you don't know.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Veena Malik gets breast implantsVeena Malik gets breast implants
First Published: Thu,Jan 3 2013, 5:18 pm IST
Also Read
5 Ways to Feel Less Isolated When Facing Change
Updated:Thu, Jan 3 2013, 5:18 pm IST
Veena Malik has been one of the greatest attention seekers in the film industry and is capable of giving Rakhi Sawant a run for her money. She made herself known by revealing certain facts about her ex-boyfriend Pakistani cricketer Asif that later got her a chance to appear in “Bigg Boss 4”.
Her relationship with Amisha Patel’s brother Ashmit Patel was under the scanner while inside the house. She offered voyeurism while on the show and thus remained in the show for long.
Later she vied for films in the industry to which only B-grade films have been offered to her. But to keep herself in the news she constantly cooked up controversies. She posed nude for FHM Magazine but then denied it completely and accused the magazine of morphing her picture.
Then she leaked an MMS that shows her and her film co-star later only to say that they were scenes from her film “Zindagi 50-50”. However, she denied the accusations of leaking the MMS by stating, “I am very upset about the MMS that was leaked portraying me wrongly. It takes a lot of energy and a lot of hard work is put in to achieve work…. I don't need such kind of cheap and false publicity using fake sounds which was originally my song. I have put a lot of efforts to reach this far.”
Her latest film that will get released soon in 3D is “Mumbai 125km” that belongs to the genre of horror. What makes news is Veena’s desperation to grab eyeballs for her films due to which she has got silicon breasts implanted.
The first look of her film is out that reveals her fake assets and shows her in a raunchy pose. She is seen sitting on a milestone exposing her bare back and her side profile. The film has been directed by Hemant Madhukar and stars a few other unknown faces. The poster indicates the extent to which Veena can shed her inhibitions to make it big in Bollywood.
The film has been shot in stereoscopic 3D which is being claimed as the USP of this film. Veena had stated, “It's a great moment for me as my most awaited movie is ready to release in March and I am sure people will enjoy it and appreciate our effort to bring India its first original 3D movie."
The director of this film too said, "I am happy that my movie is ready to scare the audience in March. It's really hard to shoot in 3D format as it takes a lot of effort." This film will be releasing in March next year.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

More In World BusinessGoogle recognized as no #1 employer  for the fourth time by Fortune
Internet search giant Google has been ranked as the best company to work for by management and engineering graduates by Fortune.  Larry Page upadted his status on G+ "Great to be recognized as employer #1 for the fourth time by Fortune (2007, 2008, 2012, 2013).  We've tried really hard to create a work place where Googlers feel part of a family and it's great to see that pay off."  Google was foun....
Facebook Charging $100 to Message Mark Zuckerberg
We knew Facebook was eager for new revenue streams. We just didn't know they were this eager.  If you try to send founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg a message on Facebook, 24x7 Reporting discovered Thursday, the social network will offer to keep the message out of his "Other" Inbox — for a cool $100.  And here's the rub: in our tests from multiple accounts, it appears you only get this message if....
Could You be Liable for an Internet Explorer Tax?
An Australian consumer electronics e-retailer, Kogan.com, has some strong ideas about socially acceptable web browser use. So strong, in fact, that customers who use Internet Explorer 7 to navigate the page are charged a tax of 6.8% of their total order-that's 0.1% for each month since the browser was first released-because the think it sucks and they're sick of your outmoded web use.   Chief exec....
UP sugar mills seek govt help to fight hike in state-advised price
Lucknow: Hit hard by the steep hike in the state-advised price (SAP) of sugarcane for the current year, the Uttar Pradesh sugar industry is seeking some relief from the government. In a letter to CM Akhilesh Yadav, the Uttar Pradesh Sugar Mills Association (UPSMA) has asked the government to “extend a helping hand to the sugar industry at this critical juncture, so that the factories are able to....
Greedy Google spends $18.7 million for random domain names
Tech giant Google is attempting to buy a range of common internet addresses as part of a major push into an expensive type of online real estate called top-level domains, including .lol - the acronym for &quote;laugh out loud&quote;.   Generic top-level domains (gTLDs) allow bidders with enough money to buy the last part of internet addresses. This would mean replacing .com, .org or .gov wit....
Facebook stock has highest close since May 21
[NEW YORK] Facebook closes at one of its highest prices since its initial public offering.   The stock rose $1.21, or 3.8 percent, to finish Friday at $33.05. It hasn't closed above that price since May 21, the second day of trading.   The stock finished the week up 10 percent, the second straight week of increase.   Facebook is still 14 percent below its IPO price of $38 a share.   Facebook&#....

MIT researchers discover a new kind of magnetismMIT researchers discover a new kind of magnetism
Updated:Sun, Dec 23 2012, 11:43 pm IST
Following up on earlier theoretical predictions, MIT researchers have now demonstrated experimentally the existence of a fundamentally new kind of magnetic behavior, adding to the two previously known states of magnetism.
Ferromagnetism — the simple magnetism of a bar magnet or compass needle — has been known for centuries. In a second type of magnetism, antiferromagnetism, the magnetic fields of the ions within a metal or alloy cancel each other out. In both cases, the materials become magnetic only when cooled below a certain critical temperature. The prediction and discovery of antiferromagnetism — the basis for the read heads in today’s computer hard disks — won Nobel Prizes in physics for Louis Neel in 1970 and for MIT professor emeritus Clifford Shull in 1994.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Samsung Galaxy Tab sales banned in USSamsung Galaxy Tab sales banned in US
First Published: Wed,Jun 27 2012, 3:39 pm IST
Also Read
Could You be Liable for an Internet Explorer Tax?
Updated:Wed, Jun 27 2012, 3:39 pm IST
A US court has banned sales of the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the country while it decides on the patent dispute between Apple and Samsung.
The ban is not permanent, but is could potentially stay in place unless Samsung wins favour in the trial which is set to begin on July 30
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

From now you may have to pay Rs.55 to contact a stranger on FacebookFrom now you may have to pay Rs.55 to contact a stranger on Facebook
First Published: Mon,Dec 24 2012, 9:01 am IST
Also Read
Could You be Liable for an Internet Explorer Tax?
Updated:Mon, Dec 24 2012, 9:01 am IST
Facebook is testing a new feature in which people can pay $1 to send messages to the inbox of people they aren’t friends with.
The current system typically sends messages from people you don’t know to a separate messages folder called "Other."  But Facebook says people often don’t see those messages.
Facebook uses different methods to determine if the message should go to someone’s Inbox or the Other folder, such as if the sender is a friend, or friend of a friend. It also uses algorithms to identify spam. Now Facebook says it’s using “economic signals”–that is, cash. Facebook says this can be helpful if someone wants to send a message to someone who they say speak at a conference or to contact someone about a job opening.
Is this a recipe for spam? Or for people receiving messages they don’t want to receive? The question is if people have an expectation that their Facebook messages will be open to the public. It’s definitely different from email, where the assumption is your email is private, unless you post it somewhere.
Facebook says this pay-to-send option is only available to individuals and that they can only be sent once per week:
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

How many more Nirbhaya the numbers is still counting !!!How many more Nirbhaya… the numbers is still counting …!!!
First Published: Sun,Jan 6 2013, 6:32 pm IST
Also Read
Delhi Police plays low, files case against Zee TV for interviewing Male friend of Damini
Updated:Sun, Jan 6 2013, 6:32 pm IST
“ Men spend nine months in their mothers’ womb…after that few of them spend the rest of their life trying to get inside it.”
I am not sure at this moment of time when I am sitting down and writing these blogs or little down later when u all will be reading this post and making up some resolutions down the year. Few more girls would have met the same sordid state of exploitation and would be readily nicknamed as “Nirbhaya, Damini, Ekta etc. Followed by that overnight they would be turned into revolutionaries HEROs.
The questioned I want to pinpoint here is that do this act of completing the Infamous BERMUDA triangle of 3R (Rape a girl – Revolution by the people – Resolution by the Government that such thing will not happen again) going to improve the plight of women.
Believe it or not this is the destiny of the creature that our culture has formally given nomenclature as MAA, BEHEN & BETI. The true essence of this creature has been teaching us the golden principles of life i.e what loving, caring and sharing is all about. And what are they gaining in return; I leave for you all to conjecture.
As I rightly said the number is still counting… “While the Government is busy formulating new laws one news reported this evening… a minor raped in Chhattisgarh.. peon arrested …. and teacher absconding.”
The question now arises how to curb this problem, then?  Laws are made and broken. In the very pretext of law, people commit crime and are left free to squander.
The action that we all need to take at this juncture is to endeavor steps which could help to change the mindset of the other creature of nature called “MEN”. Infact not men only, even of juvenile also. Recent burning story of Nirbhaya have shown that juveniles are creating much more heinous crime which simply cannot be described in words. Added to this, he will be awarded small punishment and down the line will be sent to a rehabilitation centre.
Is this the justice we all have wanted? The person or the juvenile in the case of Nirbhaya who has actually perpetrated the crime will be allowed to move scot-free in future. Is this answer to the effort of millions of people who have faced Police “dandas” and have marched in against chilled water. The answer I must say… is big NO.
The need of the hour is to kill the problem at the time when it is originating itself. What I believe is that every problem has a starting point.
To further exemplify, I know it will be difficult to digest but this will be new a approach to solve a problem which has been hovering in our head for years. So, instead of taking giant steps and going out at Jantar Mantar, India Gate etc.
Let’s take a much smaller step. Imagine your family or your society and look for the “bad Creature” (it can be a man/woman anyone) whom you think can be the potential source of committing these crimes. Believe me, though we tend to ignore them, still we all know the “bad Creature” in our vicinity.
The need of the hour is to bring  smallest of small crime of these Creatures into limelight  at the very first go.
Kill the act of crime at the stage of eve teasing only before it gets converted into “rarest of rare rape case”.
As rightly said, “Charity begins at home.” So don’t tell your daughters not to go out rather tell your sons to behave properly.
Finally…
“If you are keen on doing something to the human suffering, change your mindset first and then to people around you. That is the best way to start.”….. Sadhguru
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

10 Fast Steps to Re-igniting the flames of LOVE10 Fast Steps to Re-igniting the flames of LOVE
First Published: Sun,Dec 23 2012, 8:25 pm IST
Also Read
MIT researchers discover a new kind of magnetism
Updated:Sun, Dec 23 2012, 8:25 pm IST
1. Be spontaneous with your partner it is a way to help your relationship flourish. Being spontaneous with your partner can enrich and strengthen your intimate moments. Try something that you have been wanting to do.
2. Talk, listen and laugh together become best friends. You will soon start creating a bond of intimacy. Be sincere open and honest. Communicate about love, sex and the relationship.
3. Send Love Notes, Post them everywhere, tell them how gorgeous, handsome, Beautiful, sexy , how much you love them, be creative be specific.
4. Compliment each other lovingly in public and in privacy, show affection for each other.
5. Show them how much your really care by being responsive, caring and loving whole heartedly. Do the little things that say I love you and care for you.
6.Respect each other whole heartedly, partners who treat each other with kind and respect know that it is essential for having a deep connections and loving relationship.
7.Be a good partner-regularly get them something you know they will like and enjoy.
8. Don't let negative or annoying comments bother you, discuss the negativity when you are both calm.
9.Take responsibility for your own growth, appearance and health.
10. Communicating without fear is absolutely essential to building the deepest kind of friendship and intimate partner
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Sachin Tendulkar retirement: Top TweetsSachin Tendulkar retirement: Top Tweets
First Published: Sun,Dec 23 2012, 11:22 pm IST
Also Read
Poonam Pandey Vows To Go Nude If India Wins Cricket World Cup
Updated:Sun, Dec 23 2012, 11:22 pm IST
For most cricket lovers in India watching the sport in the absence of the Little Master is an unknown idea. He not only popularized the sport in the country but became a global icon as well.
Here are some of the popular tweets doing the rounds on the social networking site about sachin tendulkar’s retirement.
"Blue shirt,flag on helmet,head still,bat ready,high elbow,front-foot punch,down the grnd -silence,madness,four @cricbuzz @sachin_rt#respect" - @USaiPavan
"music when success kissed him, music when failiure bothered him.@sachin_rt was music when he played cricket." - ?@shrivastavrahul
"We owned India! The british conquered it! The british owned cricket, Sachin Tendulkar conquered it. Respect. #SRT" - @abansal15 ?
"I think @sachin_rt don't like Media Attention? Chupchap se Nikal Liya, Itna Bada Kaam Kar Ke! Hatts of to you... ?"- @SurendraKande
"Just told an indian taxi driver I know Sachin Tendulkar and he gave me 5 dollars off my fair! #winning #haha" -@ojlaw1991
"For kids who grew up in the 90s, the anchor point will ALWAYS be Desert Storm. "Where were you when 143 and 134 happened?"#SRT #legend" - @knittins
"All those folks who have retired from watching ODIs after SRT retired, your Biggest Test awaits. India vs Pakistan ODIs start in a week." - @forwardshortleg
"2012 is surely the end...People retired from Humanity...Government from Responsibilities...Sachin Tendulkar retired from Cricket..."- @VidhiBuch
?"Sachin Tendulkar is not name of an individual rather he is passion of a generation who grew wid him. #Cricket" - @SaqiMemon
"Please double check. Maybe Sachin Tendulkar just said 'I will retire one day', and the media quoted it out of context!" - @Roflindian
"On the eve of an examination i was allowed to watch cricket until @sachin_rt got out. Let them say I lived in the time of #SachinTendulkar." - @AswinJay
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Horse freed after three hours stuck in mud on Australian beach.Horse freed after three hours stuck in mud on Australian beach.
First Published: Thu,Jan 17 2013, 2:12 pm IST
Also Read
MIT researchers discover a new kind of magnetism
Updated:Thu, Jan 17 2013, 2:12 pm IST
The incredible story of one woman’s loyalty to her horse – she spent three hours holding its head above the tide after it got stuck in the mud on a beach in Australia.
A horse gets stuck up to his neck in mud on a beach as the tide rises. His owner, Nicole Graham, who was enjoying an afternoon ride, stayed with him as rescuers struggled for three hours to pull him out. With moments to spare, the 500kg horse, named Astro, was freed with the help of a tractor and harness at Avalon Beach in Geelong, Victoria, Australia
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Narendra Modi meets President Pranab Mukherjee in New DelhiNarendra Modi meets President Pranab Mukherjee in New Delhi
First Published: Mon,Jan 7 2013, 5:29 pm IST
Also Read
Delhi Police plays low, files case against Zee TV for interviewing Male friend of Damini
Updated:Mon, Jan 7 2013, 5:29 pm IST
On the evening of Monday 7th January 2013 Shri Narendra Modi met the Honorable President of India Shri Pranab Mukherjee in New Delhi.
This is the first time Shri Modi met the President after leading the BJP to a record win in the Gujarat Assembly Elections and the President extended his good wishes to Shri Modi.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Teenager invents anti-molestation device for womenTeenager invents anti-molestation device for women
First Published: Wed,Jan 2 2013, 8:03 pm IST
Also Read
MIT researchers discover a new kind of magnetism
Updated:Wed, Jan 2 2013, 8:03 pm IST
Now there’s good news for women who feel at the threat of being attacked by some pervert. An anti-molestation device for women has been invented, which can be worn as a wrist watch. The inventor of this device is a young teen, Manu Chopra from New Delhi.
Many women have faced terror on the roads of their cities. Some of them may have survived to tell the tale, but it has not been easy dealing with the consequences. The young inventor, Manu has come up with the anti-molestation device for women. This device works in a way where it gives electric shocks to attackers based on the speed of nerve impulses.
It is noted that the average speed of nerve impulses transmitted from the brain to other parts of the body is 60 meter per second. In case of an attempt of molestation, the speed of the nerve impulses increases to 119 meter per second. It is then that the device detects the increased nerve impulse and stings the attacker with an electric shock of 0.01 amperes. The attacker, on contact is left paralyzed for a few moments, giving the victim time to escape.
Manu was one of the 20 young innovators selected from a group of 5,000 to work under the guidance of former President APJ Abul Kalam. He has also won accolades from Kalam himself and from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad for his inventions.
Though the anti-molestation device is still at a developmental stage, Manu along with the National Innovation Federation has already started stepping ahead to make his device commercially available. His first potential customer would be his school principal, Ritu Pathak. Ritu, the Principal of GD Goenka School said, "Yes, I will use the product once it is commercially available and I'm confident about it."
Another interesting fact about the device is that it can only detect the female hormone and may not be of any use to men. Manu's invention with the right commercial backing and a little streamlining could instill a feeling of safety and confidence among the women.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Twenty Eight ways to make a girl SmileTwenty Eight ways to make a girl Smile
First Published: Sun,Dec 23 2012, 8:22 pm IST
Also Read
Updated:Sun, Dec 23 2012, 8:22 pm IST
1. Tell her she is Beautiful. not hot or fine.
2. Hold her hand at ANY moment even if it is just for a second.
3. Kiss her on the forehead.
4. Leave her voice messages to wake up to.
5. Always tell her you love her at any & and all times.
6. When she is upset, hold her tight & tell her how much she means to you.
7. Recognize the small things ..they usually mean the most.
8. Call her Sweetie or BABY.
9. Sing to her no matter how horrible your voice is.
10. Pick her over all the OTHER girls you hang out with.
11. Write her notes(she loves them).
12. Introduce her to family & friends as your girlfriend.
13. Play with her hair.
14. Pick her up, tickle her,&play WRESTLE with her.
15. Sit in the park & just TALK to her.
16. Tell her funny jokes, tell her stupid jokes, just tell her joke.
17. Throw pebbles at her window in the middle of the night just because u missed her.
18. Let her fall asleep in your arms.
19. Carve your names into a TREE.
20. If she's mad. Kiss her !
21. Give her piggyback rides.
22. Bring her flowers just because.
23. Treat her the same around your friends as you do when you`re alone.
24. Look her in the eyes & Smile.
25. Let her take as many pictures as she wants.
26. Slow dance with her, even if there isn't any music playing.
27. Kiss Her In a rain.
28. If you're in love with her tell her.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Could You be Liable for an Internet Explorer TaxCould You be Liable for an Internet Explorer Tax?
Updated:Mon, Dec 24 2012, 9:00 am IST
An Australian consumer electronics e-retailer, Kogan.com, has some strong ideas about socially acceptable web browser use. So strong, in fact, that customers who use Internet Explorer 7 to navigate the page are charged a tax of 6.8% of their total order-that's 0.1% for each month since the browser was first released-because the think it sucks and they're sick of your outmoded web use.
Chief executive of the retail firm, Ruslan Kogan said he wanted to recoup the time and costs involved in &quote;rendering the website into an antique browser&quote;
According to Mr Kogan the idea was born when the company started working on a site relaunch.
Mr Kogan said that even though only 3% of his customers used the old version of the browser, his IT team had become preoccupied with making adaptations to make pages display properly on IE 7.
&quote;I was constantly on the line to my web team. The amount of work and effort involved in making our website look normal on IE7 equaled the combined time of designing for Chrome, Safari and Firefox.&quote;
Mr. Kogan made clear that his aim was not to earn extra revenue and hoped that no shoppers would actually pay the tax, with them instead using another browser on their site instead.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

UP sugar mills seek govt help to fight hike in state-advised priceUP sugar mills seek govt help to fight hike in state-advised price
First Published: Mon,Dec 24 2012, 8:36 am IST
Also Read
Could You be Liable for an Internet Explorer Tax?
Updated:Mon, Dec 24 2012, 8:36 am IST
Lucknow: Hit hard by the steep hike in the state-advised price (SAP) of sugarcane for the current year, the Uttar Pradesh sugar industry is seeking some relief from the government. In a letter to CM Akhilesh Yadav, the Uttar Pradesh Sugar Mills Association (UPSMA) has asked the government to “extend a helping hand to the sugar industry at this critical juncture, so that the factories are able to discharge their obligation for the payment of cane price”.
“The UP Sugar Millers Association is greatly concerned about the steep hike in SAP for the current year by R40 per quintal, which has placed the entire sugar industry in Uttar Pradesh in a great financial stringency. However, in compliance with the state government's orders, we have advised our member factories to start marking cane price on purchases and start making payments for cane price, so that farmers’ interests remain protected. But the gap between the actual cane price and the cane price paying capacity of factories is more than R40 per quintal...” UPSMA chairman CP Patodia has written to the cM.
Saying that in 2011-12, too, there was a similar steep hike in cane price and sugar factories in Uttar Pradesh had incurred a net deficit of over R2,000 crore, the letter said that many factories are still reeling under great financial hardship.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

3 New Year s Tech Resolutions You Should Keep3 New Year's Tech Resolutions You Should Keep
First Published: Thu,Jan 3 2013, 1:38 pm IST
Also Read
5 Ways to Feel Less Isolated When Facing Change
Updated:Thu, Jan 3 2013, 1:38 pm IST
It's a new year, and along with losing weight or saving money, technology should also be on your list of resolutions. There are some very simple things you can do this week to make sure you start 2013 off with good tech practices that will serve you well throughout the year.
Change your passwords: If you haven't done it in the past three to six months, it's time to change all of those passwords you use online. I know it's a huge pain in the you-know-what, but it is critical to the security of your personal information. To help you keep track of all those passwords, consider using a password manager or storing them in a password vault.
Back up your data: If you've ever seen a frantic Facebook status from a friend saying that their phone was lost/stolen/broken and they've lost all of their contacts, then you should know how important it is to back up your data. Whether they're on your smartphone or computer, making sure your music, photos and contacts are protected can spare you the agony of years of lost information. If you have an Apple device, make sure iCloud Backup is turned on. But anyone can invest in an external hard drive for their computer, or research online backup services to protect valuable data.
Check your privacy settings: With social media sites changing their privacy policies almost daily, it's always a good idea to regularly check your settings to make sure that you're sharing information only with those you have designated. Even if you've done this in the past, policy changes could invalidate your previous choices. Instagram came under fire recently for a privacy policy that could allow your photos to be sold (they've since claimed to have retracted some of the language in the policy), so you also want to make sure you're reading those lengthy terms-of-service documents before you click "Join" as well.
As you take stock of new changes and lofty goals you'd like to tackle this year, don't forget about little things you can do as well. A few simple tech resolutions can prevent a lot of headaches later and are much easier to keep than going to the gym!
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Facebook stock has highest close since May 21Facebook stock has highest close since May 21
First Published: Mon,Dec 24 2012, 8:45 am IST
Also Read
Updated:Mon, Dec 24 2012, 8:45 am IST
[NEW YORK] Facebook closes at one of its highest prices since its initial public offering.
The stock rose $1.21, or 3.8 percent, to finish Friday at $33.05. It hasn't closed above that price since May 21, the second day of trading.
The stock finished the week up 10 percent, the second straight week of increase.
Facebook is still 14 percent below its IPO price of $38 a share.
Facebook's IPO has had a rocky ride. Its debut was delayed by trading glitches on the Nasdaq.
Investors have been concerned about its ability to increase revenue and make money from its growing mobile audience, though many analysts hold positive long-term opinions.
Facebook, along with investment banks that led the IPO, is the subject of dozens of shareholder lawsuits.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Protests Over Rape Turn Violent in DelhiProtests Over Rape Turn Violent in Delhi
First Published: Sun,Dec 23 2012, 8:17 pm IST
Also Read
MIT researchers discover a new kind of magnetism
Updated:Sun, Dec 23 2012, 8:17 pm IST
Angry protests escalated into violence in India’s capital on Sunday, after thousands of people gathered to demand justice for the victim of a recent gang rape in New Delhi and improved safety for women.
Protesters flocked to the India Gate monument throughout the day, despite police attempts to deter them and a hastily enacted ban on protesting in New Delhi, where they taunted the police and attacked the car of a member of Parliament. The police, in turn, fired tear gas and water cannons, beat protesters with bamboo sticks and arrested dozens.
By late afternoon Sunday, political parties had joined the crowd, increasing the number of confrontational encounters with the police. Protesters overturned a car, and clashes turned fierce.
The crowd, made up predominantly of young people, surrounded India Gate but was prevented from marching to Rashtrapati Bhavan, the palatial home of the president. Hundreds of police officers, many in blue helmets from the country’s “Rapid Action Force,” blocked their way.
The angry crowds jostled with the police, calling them “cowardly,” “corrupt” and “inept,” as they tried to push through the cordon. “Why don’t you come and join us?” one agitated protester asked a senior police officer. “Aren’t you angry at what happened?”
Sunday marked the seventh day of protests in India after medical student was raped Dec. 16 on a moving bus by several men, the latest in a series of violent crimes against women in northern India. The victim of the gang rape suffered severe intestinal injuries after being attacked with an iron rod during the assault and was battling for her life, doctors said last week.
“We are not happy with this piecemeal, drop-in-the-ocean, inane response of the government” to concerns about women’s safety, said Albeena Shakil, 36, an activist who helped mobilize the protests. “We want some big changes,” she said. “If the administration will not do it, who will?”
Another protester, Kulsoom Rashid, 27, said she had been tear-gassed Sunday afternoon.
“This is how they are responding,” she said, seething, as she rubbed her eyes vigorously. “Hundreds of rapists are running scot-free and the entire Delhi police is standing here to stop people like me?”
Women’s and students’ groups at the protests had compiled a list of four demands: They would like the courts to fast-track about 100,000 cases involving allegations of rape; for the Indian police to pledge to register complaints of rape when they happen; for Parliament to hold a special session to pass laws on rape, sexual harassment and child abuse; and for the Delhi police commissioner to be fired for his handling of the protests.
The police tried to prevent Sunday’s demonstration from taking place. Early in the morning, nearby subway stations were closed, and the roads leading to India Gate were blocked in an attempt to deter protesters.
Protesters who had camped in the area overnight were dragged away, and more than two dozen were arrested.
The police said in a statement on Sunday morning that they had also imposed Section 144, an emergency measure in the country’s criminal procedure code aimed at preventing riots, and had outlawed large gatherings of people in New Delhi. They asked protesters to go to the Ram Lila grounds, near the northern neighborhood of Old Delhi, instead.
Still, protesters poured into the India Gate area, which faces Delhi’s grand colonial-era government seat, throughout Sunday, arriving on foot. Several said that footage of the police dragging protesters away Sunday morning had inspired them to come.
“Many students who were protesting peacefully were attacked,” said Jayati Ghosh, a professor of economics at Jawaharlal Nehru University, who had joined the protest with her daughter. “These are patriotic and respectable citizens. You cannot respond to them in this ham-handed manner,” she said.
The emergency measure remained in effect in New Delhi on Sunday afternoon, said Rajan Bhagat, a public relations officer with the Delhi police, but would not be invoked at Ram Lila. If protesters moved there, “normal life of the city won’t be disturbed,” Mr. Bhagat said.
The protest Sunday paralyzed the Edwin Lutyens-designed center of Delhi, where top government officials live in grand homes set on acres of land.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Another Olympic record broken! 15 condoms for each athleteAnother Olympic record broken! 15 condoms for each athlete
First Published: Sun,Dec 23 2012, 11:14 pm IST
Also Read
Poonam Pandey Vows To Go Nude If India Wins Cricket World Cup
Updated:Sun, Dec 23 2012, 11:14 pm IST
London: Olympic organiser have ensured that athletes'off-field activities' will not take a beating during the ongoing London games.
A record 1.5 lakh condoms are to be distributed to the 10,500 athletes
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Google recognized as no #1 employer for the fourth time by FortuneGoogle recognized as no #1 employer  for the fourth time by Fortune
First Published: Sun,Jan 20 2013, 2:27 pm IST
Also Read
Could You be Liable for an Internet Explorer Tax?
Updated:Sun, Jan 20 2013, 2:27 pm IST
Internet search giant Google has been ranked as the best company to work for by management and engineering graduates by Fortune.
Larry Page upadted his status on G+ "Great to be recognized as employer #1 for the fourth time by Fortune (2007, 2008, 2012, 2013).  We've tried really hard to create a work place where Googlers feel part of a family and it's great to see that pay off."
Google was founded in 1997 by two Stanford University PhD students Larry Page and Sergey Brin whose initial company mission statement was
“To organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful”
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Proud to be most searched personality online: Sunny LeoneProud to be most searched personality online: Sunny Leone
First Published: Mon,Dec 24 2012, 9:40 pm IST
Also Read
Top 10 Honeymoon Destinations
Updated:Mon, Dec 24 2012, 9:40 pm IST
Sunny Leone has achieved a lot in the year 2012, and now she’s proud of being named the most search celebrity in India on the internet.
Indo-Canadian adult movie actress Sunny Leone is proud to learn that she is the most searched personality online, in India.
The actress was named the most searched celebrity in Google's annual Zeitgeist list.
The second position went to veteran actor Rajesh Khanna, who passed away in July this year.
"It is a very proud moment for me. Me and my husband Daniel Weber have worked really hard to get recognition and it is really overwhelming that people and my fans are searching me online," Sunny told IANS.
"I consider myself lucky. I am just one film old in Bollywood and despite that I have achieved so much," she added.
The actress made her Bollywood debut with Mahesh Bhatt's Jism 2 and will next be seen in Ekta Kapoor's Ragini MMS 2.
Sunny Leone said she always wanted to achieve such recognition, but thought it was impossible.
"I always wanted to be here but thought it is not possible. But after being here I feel anything is possible. It is so amazing. It is indeed a proud moment for me and my husband Daniel," she added.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Every cloud has a silver lining..Every cloud has a silver lining…..
First Published: Thu,Jan 3 2013, 3:03 pm IST
Also Read
Poonam Pandey Vows To Go Nude If India Wins Cricket World Cup
Updated:Thu, Jan 3 2013, 3:03 pm IST
Within umpteen records under his belt, the little master has now said good bye to the arena where he loved to stay the most. It leaves the Indian cricket with an invisible hiatus which has opened Pandora’s Box for the selectors to decide how to fill it. No doubt there are bright feathers in the camp to shoulder the responsibilities. Virat Kohli, Rahane, etc to name a few. However the bottom line of every success in life as rightly said is attitude which most of the young generation cricketers are lacking. To exemplify, during the Sarjah Cup of 1998,  a reporter  asked Srikanth  ‘ “ What is your plans for the series ahead. He readily replied “I want to end the series taking 15 wickets.” The same reporter asked Ganguly about his preparation. He responded saying, “ I want to hit at least four centuries. When the same question was thrown over to Sachin he said, “I just want to take the Sarjah Cup to my country and make my country Proud.” Here is an example from a man who strongly advocated that its always the attitude that will take you from one pinnacle of fame to the other and finally enable u reach the acme of success.
The entire Indian cricket history is filled with gamut of hysteric moments where the little master has single handedly paved the way for victory. In his two decades of career nothing has affected his path to excellence, be it the heinous cloud of match fixing or the blame for playing for records, etc. Tendulkar has once righlty said, “Sometimes your potentials are questioned, peoples throw stones at you but it depends upon you how you convert these stones into milestones.”
The entire cricket team performance in the past few months has been abysmal in nature. In the wake of this moment, young and budding cricketers needs to take lessons from the little master ideology and belief. So that, with their brilliant performance, they make the people feel that, Tendulkar has taken the   correct decision and has left the future of Indian Crickets in right hands.
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

Five great games like Temple RunFive great games like Temple Run
First Published: Sun,Dec 23 2012, 11:12 pm IST
Also Read
Poonam Pandey Vows To Go Nude If India Wins Cricket World Cup
Updated:Sun, Dec 23 2012, 11:12 pm IST
Gaming on smartphones has grown explosively over the past few years. These pocket sized-computers are capable of delivering intense graphics, more than enough to keep you busy when waiting in line at the supermarket. The kind of game that best suits time-killing scenarios are the ones that offer simple gameplay that can be turned off and then put away quickly.
One of the best examples for this king of pick-up-and-play gaming is Temple Run. You navigate through a maze by rapidly swiping your finger across the screen. Each time you play the game is fun and exciting, and allows you to put the phone away without hesitation if you need to. As great a Temple Run is, there are other games like it that are worth playing.
1. Temple Run: Brave

Top Tweets after Asaram Bapu controversial statementTop Tweets after Asaram Bapu controversial statement
First Published: Tue,Jan 8 2013, 10:48 pm IST
Also Read
Delhi Police plays low, files case against Zee TV for interviewing Male friend of Damini
Updated:Tue, Jan 8 2013, 10:48 pm IST
Barkha Dutt wants ASARAM BAPU diplomacy with Pakistan..Hey Pakistan we are brothers.Dont behead us.Dont rape us.Allah ke liye hume baksh do
So technically speaking (by his own logic), if his mother had addressed his father as "bhayyia", Asaram Bapu could have been avoided?!? LOL!
Dear Asaram bapu, This "Bhaiyya" trick doesn't even work with Auto-walas. "Bhaiyya, Juhu chaloge?" "No"
Raj Thackeray blames "Bhaiyyas" for rape. Asaram Bapu says calling rapists "Bhaiyya" might prevent rape. Yeh kya chu**yapa hain?
Battle of Lanka was avoidable. Only if Sita had addressed Ravan as 'Bhaiyya" while being kidnapped ~ Param pujya Asaram Bapu ji.
Teacher: Make a sentence with words beginning with A, B and C. Student: Asaram Bapu ....
What is the procedure for getting Asaram 'bapu' behind bars for saying this?
Monster - I am gonna rapeeee u !! Girl - noo please don't Bhaiya . Monster sheds a tear and hugs her. Rape averted . #Asaram Bapu rocks!
24x7 Reporting On Facebook

More In India BusinessFrom now you may have to pay Rs.55 to contact a stranger on Facebook
Facebook is testing a new feature in which people can pay $1 to send messages to the inbox of people they aren’t friends with.  The current system typically sends messages from people you don’t know to a separate messages folder called "Other."  But Facebook says people often don’t see those messages.  Facebook uses different methods to determine if the message should go to someone’s ....
Could You be Liable for an Internet Explorer Tax?
An Australian consumer electronics e-retailer, Kogan.com, has some strong ideas about socially acceptable web browser use. So strong, in fact, that customers who use Internet Explorer 7 to navigate the page are charged a tax of 6.8% of their total order-that's 0.1% for each month since the browser was first released-because the think it sucks and they're sick of your outmoded web use.   Chief exec....
Greedy Google spends $18.7 million for random domain names
Tech giant Google is attempting to buy a range of common internet addresses as part of a major push into an expensive type of online real estate called top-level domains, including .lol - the acronym for &quote;laugh out loud&quote;.   Generic top-level domains (gTLDs) allow bidders with enough money to buy the last part of internet addresses. This would mean replacing .com, .org or .gov wit....
UP sugar mills seek govt help to fight hike in state-advised price
Lucknow: Hit hard by the steep hike in the state-advised price (SAP) of sugarcane for the current year, the Uttar Pradesh sugar industry is seeking some relief from the government. In a letter to CM Akhilesh Yadav, the Uttar Pradesh Sugar Mills Association (UPSMA) has asked the government to “extend a helping hand to the sugar industry at this critical juncture, so that the factories are able to....

www.24x7reporting.comNarendra Modi meets President Pranab Mukherjee in New Delhi
Newsletter Subscription
Get latest news updates directly in your inbox. Enter your email address below. Your privacy and email address are safe with us!
Poll of the day

Washington Post Livewashington post live
Capital Weather GangWell, we can see more clearly now that the rain is gone, but it leaves a couple obstacles in our way in the form of cold and wind, even if today is a bright, bright, sunshiny day.
By Brian Jackson     | Forecasts | December 7
Bundle up for a chilly day, but sunshine should feel nice as well.
By David Streit     | SkinsCast | December 7

RSS Terms of ServicePrint Article
January 19, 2012
We encourage new and innovative uses of our content, and we want our readers to have access to our content in a wide variety of different ways.  We therefore make our content available through RSS feeds for personal use (e.g., in a news reader), for many commercial purposes, or for any other form of distribution to a third party.
However, all use of our RSS feeds is subject to our User Agreement and to the terms and conditions below.  If you have questions or concerns about any of these terms – or if you wish to use an RSS feed in a manner inconsistent with any provision below (e.g., on a mobile device for commercial purposes or redistribution, or with your own advertising) – please do not hesitate to contact us at rss@washpost.com.  We will be happy to discuss your ideas and to work with you to try to meet your requests.
a.       For any article, you may not display more text than we provide in the RSS feed.
b.       All text from our RSS feed must displayed in the manner in which we provide the text.  You may not edit, translate, or reformat the content that we provide.  You must retain all links to the original Washington Post article on washingtonpost.com, as well as any other hyperlinks or notices in the feed.
c.        You must ensure that all excerpts link directly to washingtonpost.com, and you may not insert interstitial, splash, intermediate pages or any other content or advertising in connection with our RSS feed, or between any display of our RSS feed and our website.
d.       Any photographs or other images that you display must be low-resolution and in a size no greater than 60x60.
e.        You must retain in original form the attribution and by-line provided in the RSS feed, and must prominently credit The Washington Post in connection with each RSS excerpt that you publish.
f.        Except for your own individual, personal use, you may not display our RSS feed on a mobile device, defined as any portable device using wireless technology to receive content, data, and/or other information (including within a mobile application or on a mobile website).
g.       You may not aggregate or otherwise use articles and/or excerpts from our RSS feed in a manner that could reasonably serve as a substitute for our original content or could otherwise diminish the value of the content of The Washington Post.  For instance, you may not publish a webpage that simply aggregate the RSS feeds of all Washington Post politics articles and sell advertising against that page.
h.       You may not strip advertising from our RSS feeds, nor serve your own advertising within or against our RSS feeds.
i.         You may not sell, lease, sublicense, redistribute or otherwise monetize our RSS feeds.
j.         You may not display the name, logo, trademark or other identifier of another person or entity in connection with our RSS feeds in a manner that could reasonably indicate that such other person or entity is affiliated with our RSS feeds.
k.       You may not display the RSS feeds on any website or in any other way that could reasonably damage the brand or reputation of The Washington Post.  For instance, you may not publish our RSS feed on or in connection with any website that infringes upon or violates the copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights of any person; is libelous or defamatory; is obscene, pornographic, or sexually explicit; violates a person's right to privacy; violates any local, state, national, or international law; contains or advocates illegal or violent acts; degrades others on the basis of gender, race, class, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, or other classification; or is predatory, hateful, or intended to intimidate or harass.
l.         You must provide us with complete and accurate registration information in order to use our RSS feeds.
m.    You will promptly remove our RSS feeds upon our request, and will not store or archive any of our feeds.
We are not liable for your use of our RSS feeds or any related activity.
We may limit, suspend, or terminate your access to and use of our RSS feeds at any time at our sole discretion.
We retain all ownership and other rights in the RSS content, and in any and all Washington Post logos and trademarks used in connection with the RSS feeds.
BY DOWNLOADING AN RSS FEED, YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.  WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE ANY OF THESE TERMS AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION.  YOUR CONTINUED USE OF OUR SERVICE CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF ANY SUCH CHANGES.
If you have questions about use of our RSS feeds, or to request our permission to deviate from the requirements set forth above, including using our feeds in mobile products or on any mobile platform, please contact us at rss@washpost.com.

Newspaper Advertising1 of 4
Washington Post Media is Powerful Reach and Results
Washington Post Media’s audience is comprised of high-earning consumers, educated citizens, business-decision makers, and leaders in government and politics who value our content over the content of innumerable others for the integrity, intensity and high standards it represents.
Our audience chooses how to view and interact with our content throughout their day, whether it is in print, online, at an event or via a mobile device – we are everywhere they need us to be.
Featured Opportunities

Energy & Environment(NASA / Reuters)
Darryl Fears
Sea-level rise from the melt will take centuries to reach peak, but prediction is higher than it once was.
Steven Mufson
The chairman of the NRC will leave in January for a teaching job at George Washington University.
Steven Mufson
With deficits growing and the economy shrinking, Ukraine faces a hard future as its conflict drags on.
Dropping oil prices squeeze Alaska’s budget
Steven Mufson
Crude at $70 a barrel is “a mixed bag” for a state that relies on revenue from oil production.
Latest Headlines

Digital Publishing GuidelinesCorrections and clarifications
Published: Sept. 1, 2011
The Washington Post always seeks to publish corrections and clarifications promptly after they come to our attention.
The process
Reporters, producers and editors should promptly relay reports about potential corrections to originating editors or via the reader correction-request form. Corrections and clarifications to online articles should be submitted and approved via the editor correction-request form.
When a correction is made online, the story editor is responsible for alerting universal, home-page and social teams to make the necessary changes to headlines and blurbs. The change should be made within the article and the correction should also be noted at the top of the item.
Articles
Clarifications and corrections should be clear, concise and direct. They must be comprehensible to anyone who reads them, including readers who may have missed the story that is being corrected. Anyone reading the correction should be able to understand how and why the mistake has been corrected.
EXAMPLE: Earlier versions of this graphic about Donald Trump’s political donations incorrectly said that the gifts listed had been made over the past 10 years. The gifts were made over 20 years. The total for contributions to Republicans and the total for all contributions were also incorrect. This version has been corrected. Donald Trump and his companies have favored the Democratic Party in campaign contributions to state and federal candidates and parties.
Blogs
Blog posts should be updated quickly and transparently to correct erroneous information. The placement of the correction should reflect the gravity of the error. Major corrections (e.g., when the headline or driving premise of the blog post is wrong) should be noted in the headline and at the top of the post as well as within the blog item.
EXAMPLE: Stevie Wonder delights, while John Boehner joins list of commencement speakers under fire “Correction: This post originally used information stating that Worcester Polytechnic Institute students planning to not attend the commencement speech given by Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson would reportedly not be allowed to return for their diplomas. Students who choose not to hear Tillerson speak will be allowed to join the ceremony once his speech is finished. The post has been updated to reflect this.”
Minor mistakes may be corrected and acknowledged within the blog post, using either strike-through text or parentheses. In many cases, commenters may alert bloggers to mistakes. When this happens, bloggers are encouraged to acknowledge the mistake and subsequent correction within the comment stream as well.
EXAMPLE: Update: A posting stated the depth of the Mariana Trench as 11,000 miles under the sea. BlogPost reader David writes, “Um, 11,000 miles below sea level? That would put the bottom of it somewhere in space above the southern Atlantic Ocean.” So either Branson is still sticking to space travel, or I stupidly mistook meters for miles. It’s actually only about seven miles below sea level. Thank you, David!
Alerts
If we have sent out incorrect information in an alert, we should send out an alert informing people that the news reported in the earlier alert was wrong and give readers the accurate information.
EXAMPLE: When the report of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords’s death was proved false, we should have sent out an alert informing people that the news reported in the earlier alert was wrong and given readers information about her condition as best that we knew it at the time.
Social media
When we publish erroneous information on the social Web, we should correct it promptly by publishing a new status or post acknowledging the error.
EXAMPLE: Correction: *Metrobus* ridership fell 7 percent, not rail. Rail remained flat. Overall decrease is 2 percent http://wapo.st/fUhQ24 #WMATA
If it is possible to edit the original post to note the error and correct the information, this is preferred. Once the information has been corrected, the incorrect post may be deleted.
Take-down ("unpublish") requests
Because of the ease with which our published content can be searched and retrieved online, even years after publication, we are increasingly being asked to take down (or “un-publish”) articles from our Web site. Typically, these requests come from the subjects of unflattering or embarrassing news articles who claim that they are being harmed by the articles’ ongoing availability.
As a matter of editorial policy, we do not grant take-down requests. If the subject claims that the story was inaccurate, of course, we should be prepared to investigate and, if necessary, publish a correction. And there may be situations in which fairness demands an update or follow-up coverage — for example, if we reported that a person was charged with a crime but did not report that the charges were later dismissed for lack of evidence. In short, our response will be to consider whether further editorial action is warranted, but not to remove the article as though it had never been published.
Digital guidelines compiled by:  Anjuman Ali, Milton R. Coleman, Jon DeNunzio,  Jane Elizabeth, Sara K. Goo, Cory Haik, Peter Perl , Mitch Rubin and Amanda Zamora. Additional newsroom contributors: Justin Bank, Melissa Bell, James Buck, Chris Cillizza, Tim Curran, Anne Ferguson-Rohrer, Jonathan Forsythe, Jenna Johnson, Marisa Katz, Nancy Kerr, Christine Ledbetter, Jesse Lewis, Steve Reiss, Eric Rich, Katie Rogers, Dan Steinberg, Dee Swann, Scott Vance and Katharine Zaleski.

Submissions and Discussion PolicyDiscussion and Submission Guidelines
Updated: February 25, 2014
We invite you to submit your videos, photos, articles, and comments in certain areas of our website. It is our hope that you'll take the opportunity to contribute to these interactive forums and share your original content with our community. In order to keep these interactive forums enjoyable and interesting for all of our users, we ask that you follow the rules outlined below.
By submitting content, you are consenting to these rules:
You agree not to submit inappropriate content. Inappropriate content includes any content that:
infringes upon or violates the copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights of any person
is libelous or defamatory
is obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit, or vulgar
violates a person's right to privacy
violates any local, state, national, or international law
contains or advocates illegal or violent acts
degrades others on the basis of gender, race, class, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, or other classification
is predatory, hateful, or intended to intimidate or harass, or contains derogatory name-calling
contains advertising
contains a solicitation of any kind
misrepresents your identity or affiliation
impersonates others
is in poor taste or is otherwise objectionable
You agree that you are fully responsible for the content that you submit. You will promptly remove any content that you have posted should you discover that it violates these rules or that it is otherwise inappropriate. You will indemnify The Washington Post and its affiliates and their subsidiaries, and its and their directors, officers, managers, employees, shareholders, agents, and licensors, from and against losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any claim brought by any third party relating to content you have posted.
You understand and agree that we are not responsible for any user submitted content. You further understand that we have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor submissions and we may remove content that we deem inappropriate for any reason whatsoever without consent. We further reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to remove a user's privilege to post content on our site. We may reject or remove any comment at any time, with or without notice to you.
You certify that you are at least 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any content to us. If you are under the age of 18 but at least 13 years of age, you may submit content only with the permission of, and under the supervision of, a parent or legal guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian agreeing to these rules for the benefit of an individual between the ages of 13 and 18, please be advised that you are fully responsible for his or her submissions and any legal liability that he or she may incur.
You certify that you have the permission of others who have contributed to or are featured in any content that you submit. If there are any individuals under the age of 18 in any photos, video, or other content that you submit, you must obtain the permission of each such individual's parent or legal guardian prior to submitting the content.
You acknowledge and agree any use and/or reliance on any information obtained through the interactive forums at your own risk. We are not in any manner endorsing the content of the interactive forums and cannot and will not vouch for its reliability.
By applying for Preferred Commenter status, you are consenting to abide by the overall discussion policy when submitting content . Preferred Commenters are directly involved in a particular story on washingtonpost.com. They are approved on a story-by-story basis and verified by a Post community manager. Once approved for Preferred Commenter status, users may submit content and share information relevant to particular stories onwashingtonpost.com for which they are approved. In all cases, users must still adhere to the Post Discussion and Submission Guidelines.
For any content that you submit, you give us permission to use such content. You hereby grant to The Washington Post a royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, exclusive, and fully sublicensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, incorporate into other works, distribute, perform, display, and otherwise exploit such content, in whole or in part in any form, media or technology now known or later developed.
You have read and agree to abide by our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
©

Digital SubscriptionFor your protection, this website is secured with the highest level of SSL               certificate encryption.
The Washington Post | www.washingtonpost.com © 1996-2014

Letters to the Editor(The Washington Post,  December 7, 2014; 6:03 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 7, 2014; 6:02 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 7, 2014; 6:01 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 7:07 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 7:06 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 7:05 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 7:04 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 7:04 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 7:03 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 7:02 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 7:02 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 7:01 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 7:01 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 7:01 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 7:00 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 5:22 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 5:22 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 5:21 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 5:21 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 5:20 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 5:15 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 5:14 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 5:13 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 5:13 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 5:13 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 5, 2014; 5:12 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 4, 2014; 5:41 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 4, 2014; 5:41 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 4, 2014; 5:41 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 4, 2014; 5:40 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 4, 2014; 5:40 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 3, 2014; 5:58 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 3, 2014; 5:24 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 3, 2014; 5:24 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 3, 2014; 5:24 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 3, 2014; 5:23 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 3, 2014; 5:22 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 2, 2014; 5:08 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 2, 2014; 5:07 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 2, 2014; 5:07 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 2, 2014; 5:06 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 2, 2014; 5:06 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 2, 2014; 5:06 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 1, 2014; 5:30 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 1, 2014; 5:30 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 1, 2014; 5:29 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 1, 2014; 5:29 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  December 1, 2014; 5:28 PM)
 
(The Washington Post,  November 30, 2014; 7:10 PM)
 

High School Cube NewsHenricksen: Chicago Elite Classic rewind
The Chicago Elite Classic has become a brand in the Chicago area and a circle-the-date event for prep basketball fans. There were plenty of thoughts and storylines that came out of the third annual basketball smorgasbord at the UIC Pavilion this past weekend.

SearchChicago - HomesIn a sellers' market: 3 ways for buyers to win a bidding war
Barely 12 months ago, buyers could confidently peruse piles of listing sheets before making a lowball offer and getting a nice discount off the list price. Not anymore. Last month, there were about 44% fewer homes on the market in Chicago than in February of … Read More

Cars for Sale - ToDrive.comCars for Sale, Car Dealers and Auto Buying Trends
Discover local auto trends and search both new & used cars currently for sale
Explore ToDrive:

2012 Illinois School Report CardsDirectories
2013 school report cards for all Illinois public schools
Each year, the State Board of Education releases school report cards for each   public school in the state. The 2013 report cards include student scores on   the Illinois Standards Achievement and Prairie State Achievement tests, and   ACTs, demographic information on students and teachers, and financial   information on school districts. Private and parochial schools do not take   state achievement tests.
How to use this search:
If you know what school you’re looking for, type part — or all — of the school’s name into the Quick Search field. Results will   automatically show up below as you type.
If you are unsure about which school you’re looking for, choose from one of the drop down menus in the Advanced Search box. You can select   either the
county

