Retail inflation slips to 6.46 %NEW DELHI, October 13, 2014
Updated: October 13, 2014 22:43 IST
Retail inflation slips to 6.46 %
PTI
economy (general)
Providing respite to common man ahead of Diwali, falling food prices pulled down September retail inflation to 6.46 per cent, the lowest since the new series of Consumer Price Index was released in January, 2012, although experts do not see a rate cut by the Reserve Bank any time soon.
Although retail inflation, which has been on decline since July, is below the RBI target of 8 per cent by January, 2015, experts said the central bank is expected to reduce interest in the next fiscal (2015-16) only.
The overall food inflation as measured by CPI fell to 7.67 per cent from 9.35 per cent in the previous month and 11.75 per cent in September, 2013.
Retail inflation was at 7.73 per cent in August, revised downward from the earlier estimate of 7.8 per cent.
As per the government data released on Monday, CPI inflation in the vegetable basket in September fell to 8.59 per cent from 15.15 per cent in the previous month.
Inflation in fruits slowed to 22.4 per cent from 24.27 per cent in August. The price rise in protein rich items like eggs, fish and meat was slower in September against August.
“...while the RBI has become more proactive in providing liquidity to the banking system, it seems that lowering the policy interest rate will likely take place only in 2015,” said Barclays Research.ICRA Senior Economist Aditi Nayar said CPI at a series-low 6.5 per cent in September provides some optimism in light of the near-stagnation in industrial output in July-August, 2014.
In its last monetary policy, RBI had maintained status quo on interest rate citing worries on the inflation front despite industry demanding reduction.

Continue with NREGA  economists urge ModiUpdated: October 14, 2014 09:43 IST
Continue with NREGA, economists urge Modi
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu FIGHTING FRAUD: Surveys point to a sharp reduction in the extent of embezzlement of NREGA funds in recent years, at least in the wage component of the programme. Picture shows desilting work in progress under NREGA at Kancheepuram district, Tamil Nadu. Photo: N. Sridharan
TOPICS
government
Several leading economists have appealed to Prime Minister Narendra Modi to continue with the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act amid apprehensions that the government might restrict the programme and not offer it adequate support.
In a letter to Mr. Modi, Dilip Abreu, Pranab Bardhan, V. Bhaskar, Ashwini Deshpande, Jean Dreze, Maitreesh Ghatak, Jayati Ghosh, Dilip Mookherjee, R. Nagaraj, Debraj Ray and others argued that despite numerous hurdles, the NREGA had achieved significant results.
The letter said: “We are writing to express our deep concern about the future of India’s National Rural Employment Guarantee Act .
“The NREGA was enacted in 2005 with unanimous support from all political parties. It is a far-reaching attempt to bring some much-needed economic security to the lives of millions of people who are on the margin of subsistence.
“Despite numerous hurdles, the NREGA has achieved significant results. At a relatively small cost (currently 0.3% of India’s GDP), about 50 million households are getting some employment at NREGA worksites every year. A majority of NREGA workers are women, and close to half are Dalits or Adivasis. A large body of research shows that the NREGA has wide-ranging social benefits, including the creation of productive assets.
“Recent research also shows that corruption levels have steadily declined over time. While corruption remains a concern, experience shows that it can be curbed, and the battle against corruption in NREGA has helped to establish new standards of transparency in other social programmes as well.
“No doubt, the programme could and should do even better. But the gains that have been achieved are substantial and amply justify further efforts to make it a success.
“Against this background, it is alarming to hear of multiple moves (some of them going back to the preceding government) to dilute or restrict the provisions of the Act… The Central Government appears to be considering an amendment aimed at restricting the NREGA to the country’s poorest 200 districts. This runs against a fundamental premise of the Act: gainful employment that affords basic economic security is a human right.
“The message seems to be that the new government is not committed to the NREGA and hopes to restrict it as much as possible. We urge you to reverse this trend and ensure that the programme receives all the support it requires to survive and thrive.”

Investment decision only after clarity on gas price: RILeconomy, business and finance
The government in September for the third time postponed a decision on raising natural gas prices. Now, it is looking at announcing a decision by November 15.
Reliance Industries has said it will make a final investment decision on producing gas from the R-Cluster discovery in the flagging KG-D6 block only after the government decides on gas price hike.
RIL and its partners BP plc of UK and Canada’s Niko Resources plan to produce about 13 million standard cubic meters per day of gas for 13 years from D-34 discovery, known as R-Cluster, in the KG-DWN-98/3 or KG-D6 block by 2017-18.
The planned output from D-34, which is estimated to hold an in place gas reserve of 2.2 Trillion cubic feet, is equivalent to the combined current production from Dhirubhai-1 and 3 (D1&D3) gas field and MA field in the KG-D6 block.
In a presentation to investors post announcing its second quarter earnings, RIL said it has completed Front End Engineering Design (FEED) as well as geo-mechanical studies for the R-Cluster development. Contracting activity was underway for long lead items.
However, “clarity on gas price (is) required for FID (final investment decision),” RIL said in the presentation.
The government in September for the third time postponed a decision on raising natural gas prices. Now, it is looking at announcing a decision by November 15.
For RIL, a revision in natural gas prices was due on April 1, 2014, when the USD 4.2 per million British thermal unit rate fixed for first five years of production expired.
A panel appointed by the previous UPA government had proposed a formula which would have at least doubled the rates but the same is under review with the new government looking at moderating the increase to keep the burden on consuming power and fertiliser industry minimal.
“Clarity on gas pricing to enable achieving goal of enhanced production towards ensuring India’s energy security,” RIL said in the presentation.
RIL has so far made 19 gas discoveries and 1 oil find in the KG-D6 block. Of these, D1&D3 gas fields were brought to production in April 2009 while MA oilfield began pumping oil in September 2008.
D-34 is part of what is known as R-Cluster of discoveries. R-Cluster comprises four discoveries-D-29, 30, 31 and 34. Of these, only D-34 has so far been declared commercially viable while the Declaration of Commerciality (DoC) of others has been refused in absence of DGH prescribed tests confirming the discoveries.
Last year, the government approved RIL proposal to invest USD 3.18 billion in bringing D-34 to production.
RIL estimates that output from KG-D6 can reach up to 60 mmscmd by 2019 when all of the satellite fields are put into production.
The government has already approved USD 1.529 billion investments in four satellite fields that can produce 10 mmscmd. Investment plans for rest are under consideration.

Indo-US business summit opens on Wednesdayeconomy, business and finance
The Indo-American Chamber of Commerce (IACC) will hold a two-day Indo-US Economic Summit in New Delhi from Wednesday.
Following Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s successful US visit, the Indo-American Chamber of Commerce (IACC) will hold a two-day Indo-US Economic Summit in New Delhi from Wednesday, to be attended by key policy makers and corporate leaders representing Indian and American companies.
“The theme for this year’s economic summit will be ‘Convergence and Connectivity in Indo-US Economic Relations’,” IACC said in a release here on the tenth edition of the summit.
“The focus areas would be services, cyber security, media and entertainment, e-commerce, hospitality, tourism and so on, that will lead the growth in business partnerships between Indian and American firms over the next decade,” it added.
“We are especially anxious to help in the government of India’s skill development mission. IACC has members and entrepreneurs with intense exposure to both US and Indian business and work ethos, so that we are as a team an ideal agency to facilitate this effort”, said Asoke K. Laha, the newly appointed national president of the chamber.
Get all the articles on Modi's visit to US here .

DLF shares tank 28%  loses 7439 cr after Sebi banStock tanks 28%, DLF may have to lower prices
Vandana Ramnani , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 09:31 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:37 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
DLF’s shares tanked over 28% Tuesday, a day after the market regulator barred India’s biggest realtor from selling shares for three years, triggering concerns about its ability to fund projects and repay loans.
Analysts said the Securities Exchange Board of India’s (SEBI’s) Monday ruling could force DLF to lower property prices, leading to an overall correction in the National Capital Region given the company’s market leadership in the region, analysts said.
“We expect this capital-market ban to result in a meaningful price correction as DLF liquidates unsold inventory in its completed projects to generate operating cash flows,” Ambit, a brokerage firm, said in a research report.
The company, credited with building Gurgaon, commands nearly 60% market share in the glitzy Millennium City that borders the Capital.
“If it ends up selling land and development projects and ongoing projects at a discounted rate, it will have an impact on the overall real estate-market sentiment,” said a real estate consultant, who did not wish to be identified.
“DLF’s inability to access capital markets could impact its fund-raising programme,” Macquarie research said. “DLF, in this case, would have to resort to large asset sales to reduce debt in the future.”
Buyers are worried, too. “We see our projects in danger now. We doubt that they will be completed on time. People who have invested all their savings in these projects are anxious now,” said Sanjay Jain, secretary of the Capital Greens Flat Buyers Association, a DLF residential project in Moti Nagar, New Delhi.
DLF had failed to meet the 2012 deadline for the handover of flats that were still incomplete, Jain said. They are now planning to take the company to court.
DLF is India’s most indebted property developer. As of June 30, its borrowings stood at Rs. 19,064 crore, higher than the market value of Rs. 18,701.33 crore.
The SEBI blow wiped Rs. 6,000 crore off its value Tuesday when its stock plunged 28.5 % to Rs. 104.15.
The company might need to dig deep into its commercial properties put out on rent, analysts said. “The only saving grace in its portfolio are assets that earn annual rentals of more than Rs. 2,100 crore. It can always — in the worst case scenario — sell these income-producing assets to generate more than Rs. 20,000 crore which is equal to their total debt,” said another consultant on condition of anonymity.
SEBI has barred the company and six top executives, including promoter-chairman KP Singh, from accessing the securities market, choking its options to raise fresh funds.
The move came after seven years of investigation into the charges that the realtor didn’t give complete information when it went public in 2007.
In recent years, DLF has faced a welter of problems including angry lawsuits by customers upset with project delays and political controversies surrounding its alleged links with Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi.
DLF has promised to “defend itself to the fullest extent” against the accusations and said it was “confident of the vindication of its stand”.

HPCL shuts down its refineryUpdated: October 14, 2014 23:05 IST
HPCL shuts down its refinery
Santosh Patnaik
Roof panels of sheds at a refinery torn away after Cyclone Hudhud made landfall over Visakhapatnam. Photo: By Arrangement Indian Navy
SLIDESHOW
economy, business and finance
Oil major Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited is assessing the damage caused to Visakh Refinery due to Cyclone Hudhud after shutting it down. “Inspection of various facilities is now going on by senior officials and technical experts. The refinery has been closed temporarily as a precautionary measure,” a senior official told The Hindu on Tuesday.
Most of the roofs of various facilities at the refinery had been blown away under the impact of gusty winds which lashed the coast at a speed reaching up to 210 km per hour on Sunday. The refinery has an installed capacity of 8.3 million tonne per annum and it is waiting for clearance from the Ministry of Environment and Forests for expanding to 15 million tonne.
After completion of assessment of damage, HPCL authorities will decide the date of reviving the operations. “Now the refinery is in a bad shape. We are hopeful that it will be revived at the earliest. Normalcy will be ensured within five to seven days of resuming the operations,” the official pointed out.

SCR: rail route to Visakhapatnam restoreddisaster and accident
It is estimated that SCR incurred a revenue loss of around Rs.15.6 crore during the last three days i.e,. from October 11 to 13. The authorities said commodities like imported coal, fertilizers, lime stone, cement and laterite could not be loaded due to inclement weather and disruption of rail services.
After cancelling and diverting a few trains since Saturday, the South Central Railway (SCR) has announced resumption of operations on the route to Visakhapatnam on Vijayawada-Rajahmundry-Visakhapatnam Section from Tuesday afternoon.
The track on the down line towards Visakhapatnam was opened for operations, and trains will be operated through this single line. SCR authorities said train No. 18520 (Lokamanya Tilak Terminus – Visakhapatnam Express) smoothly passed through the restored line at 3.45 p.m on Tuesday.
The authorities said that works on restoring the second line i.e., up line had been taken up on a war-footing, and that services were likely to be resumed on Wednesday.
Breaches occurred at several locations on the track between Elamanchili -Narsingapalli- Bayyavaram stations on this route owing to heavy rains. SCR General Manager P.K.Srivastava has been camping at the work spots since Monday and closely monitoring the progress.
Meanwhile, it is estimated that the SCR has incurred a revenue loss of around Rs. 15.6 crore during the last three days i.e., from October 11 to 13. It suffered a ridership loss of 5.6 lakh, including 5.04 lakh unreserved passengers and 54,000 reserved passengers in the last three days. This will result in a total loss of Rs. 4.6 crore passenger earnings, including Rs.1.4 crore from unreserved segment and Rs. 3.2 crore from the reserved passenger segment.
Freight operations hit
Owing to dislocation of train services, freight operations, too, suffered from October 11 to 13 During these days, goods loading activity was adversely impacted at various freight terminals such as Kakinada Port, Ravikampadu, Regupalem, Jaggayyapet and Karepalli.
The authorities said commodities like imported coal, fertilizers, lime stone, cement and laterite could not be loaded due to inclement weather and disruption of rail services. It resulted in a loss of loading to the extent of 33 rakes with 1.22 lakh tonnes of freight. The revenue losses incurred in freight segment amounted to around Rs. 11 crore in the last three days, they informed.

Sept WPI inflation dips to five-year low of 2.38%Comments
India’s wholesale inflation rate plunged to 2.38% in September, the lowest in five years, aided by a sharp drop in vegetable and petrol prices, data released on Tuesday showed, rekindling hopes that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will cut interest rates soon.
The more than one percentage point drop in wholesale inflation rates over August’s 3.74% should bring cheer to the NDA government, which rode to a landslide election victory promising to bring down prices of essentials as part of its poll pledge to usher in ‘Aachen din’ (good days).
“It is heartening to note that we have been able to bring food inflation under control. Growth in vegetable and protein prices that have been contributing to the recent increase in inflation rates have shrunk thanks to the steps taken by the government,” finance minister Arun Jaitley said.
Wholesale food inflation, a measure of how costly the platter has become, grew 3.52% compared to the previous month’s 5.15%. Wholesale vegetable prices fell 14.98% in September on a year-on-year basis, while onion prices plunged 58.12%.
“We are committed to continuing reforms in food markets that will improve supply responses and keep inflation low and stable. At the same time, fiscal consolidation and a new monetary policy framework will help bring down inflationary expectations. We are confident that soon we will be achieving a low and stable inflation rate,” he said.
It was also the lowest since 1.79% of October 2009, a period when demand for goods fell sharply battered by the worst global recession in 80 years.
Besides, with crude oil prices falling to below $90 a barrel, expect retail diesel prices to come down further.
On Tuesday, the government cut retail petrol prices by more than Rs. 1 a litre.
Manufactured products inflation — a broad index to gauge price movements of industrial goods — was lower at 2.84% in September compared to August’s 3.45%, but still higher than last September’s 2.36%.
Retail inflation also eased in September to 6.46% year-on-year from 7.73% in the previous month, data showed last week, although that is still above the central bank’s target of 6% by 2016.
The RBI, which has maintained status quo in interest rate since January, will review its monetary policy on December 2.
The RBI primarily factors in the retail inflation while framing the monetary policy.

Maharashtra  Haryana vote in high-stakes polls tomorrowComments
Some 10 crore people will vote to elect new governments in Maharashtra and Haryana on Wednesday, a major test as much of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s personal charisma as his party’s strategy to abandon long-standing allies in search of political majority in two key states.
An election official checks an EVM at a distribution centre on the eve of voting for assembly elections in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
A victory will not only reaffirm Modi’s appeal with voters but also silence detractors of his new party leadership, which was blamed for a string of defeats in assembly by-elections that tempered the euphoria of his Lok Sabha triumph.
 
For the Congress, a poor result will possibly stoke further murmurs against Rahul Gandhi’s leadership of the Congress.
Read: All you need to know about Maharashtra elections 2014
 
The vote will also test the mettle of some of the country’s most powerful regional parties such as the Shiv Sena, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) in the western state as well as the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) in Haryana.
 
Within a span of about two weeks, Modi addressed 27 public meetings in Maharashtra and 11 in Haryana, a rare staking of a prime minister’s personal prestige on a high-octane state campaign. He urged voters to hand the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) a clear majority for better governance and faster development.
Pre-poll surveys show that voters may be willing to heed that request, with the numbers putting the BJP slightly ahead in the race.
 
"The BJP is likely to get an absolute majority and in terms of number of seats it could be between 150 and 160, including 40 to 45 in Vidarbha region," said BJP leader and Union minister Nitin Gadkari.
 
In comparison, the Congress campaign appeared to lack steam, with Congress vice-president Rahul and president Sonia Gandhi addressing a few meetings towards close of electioneering in the two states.
 
In Maharashtra, where some 9.33 crore people are eligible to vote, the BJP snapped its 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena following differences over sharing of seats but also with hopes that Modi’s personal charisma will help it tap into growing anti-incumbency against the Congress-NCP’s 15-year rule.
The elections are the first for the Shiv Sena after the death of Bal Thackeray.
 
A pre-poll spat over seats also saw the curtains come down on the Congress-NCP alliance in the state, with political parties keeping their post-poll options open in a five-horse race.
 
Prominent candidates in the state include former Congress chief minister Prithviraj Chavan as well as former deputy CM Ajit Pawar and former ministers RR Patil and Chhagan Bhujbal of the NCP. For the BJP, state chief Devendra Fadnavis, Eknath Khadse, Vinod Tawde and Pankaja Munde are in the fray.
 
In Haryana as well the BJP called off its partnership with the Haryana Janhit Congress. The state is expected to see a three-corner contest between the BJP, Congress and the INLD which saw its jailed leader Om Prakash Chautala campaigning out on bail on medical grounds.
 
The Congress is seeking a third term there.
The main contestants in the state include chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and Randeep Surjewala of Congress, Chautala’s son Abhay, daughter-in-law Naina and grandson Dushyant (all INLD), former Union minister Venod Sharma and former MP Kuldeep Bishnoi and his elder brother and former deputy chief minister Chander Mohan.
 
The BJP has not named its chief ministerial candidate in either state.
 

Apple  Google to lose Irish tax breakIreland closes tax loophole for tech giants
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff October 14, 2014: 2:33 PM ET
Google is among the multinational companies that will be affected as Ireland moves to kill a tax loophole.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
For years, some of the world's biggest companies have set up shop in Ireland to dodge taxes. Now, Ireland is taking a key tax break away.
The move mostly affects big tech and drug companies, including Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ).
Companies currently using a special kind of tax loophole must stop by the end of 2020, and new companies will be barred from using this loophole starting in 2015.
Experts say the change is not particularly aggressive and is designed to placate the international community, which perceives Ireland to be using unfair tactics to attract outside investment from big companies.
"In many respects, I think this change of law is to improve public relations and inter-government relations with the United States," said Ryan Dudley, a partner specializing in international taxes at Friedman LLP in New York.
Dudley predicts the change won't ultimately mean any more tax revenue for the U.S., or even Ireland.
"The companies will restructure," he said.
Indeed, Ireland said it is considering new tax breaks. Details of this offer are still in the works.
Related: Guinness goes blonde for U.S. market
Ireland's move Tuesday is part of a broader effort to clamp down on tax avoidance by multinationals.
Google and Apple, for instance, are among the companies that have come under fire for shifting profit between international subsidiaries to take advantage of low tax rates in foreign countries.
The European Union's top regulator is currently investigating Apple's tax affairs in Ireland , claiming the company may have benefited from special treatment through a deal with Irish authorities.
Ireland's corporate tax rate -- at 12.5% -- is much lower than those offered in most other developed nations. But Apple has paid as little as 2% on profit attributed to its subsidiaries in Ireland .
Google responded to the Irish tax tweak by saying it would comply with the rules.
"As we've always said, it's for governments to decide the law and for companies to comply with it. We're deeply committed to Ireland and will work to implement these changes as they become law," the company said in a statement.
Apple maintained that it does not receive special treatment from Irish authorities, and would not comment directly on the latest Irish tax changes.
 
London's red phone boxes go green
First Published: October 14, 2014: 12:45 PM ET
Most Popular

Russian hackers exploit Windows to spy on WestRussian hackers exploit Windows to spy on West
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery October 14, 2014: 4:09 PM ET
 
28 years of Windows in :75
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Russian hackers have taken advantage of a bug in Microsoft Windows to spy on the Ukrainian government and a scholar living in the United States.
That's according to iSight Partners , a cybersecurity intelligence firm that contracts with governments. In a report Tuesday, the firm said it discovered the never-before-seen attack, which has been used by hackers in recent months.
The bug the hackers used exists in all modern versions of the Windows operating system: Vista, 7, 8 and 8.1. It's also present in 2008 and 2012 versions of Windows used by company servers. That means the vast majority of the world's computers -- nearly 68%, according to NetMarketShare -- are vulnerable to this unique type of attack.
Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ), which first learned of the bug from iSight Partners, released a patch at 1 p.m. EST.
 
Meet Microsoft Cortana, Siri for Windows
The Russian government did not respond to requests for comment. The Ukrainian government said it could not provide an immediate statement.
ISight, a Dallas-based intelligence firm, first spotted hackers using this attack in mid-August, sending phishing emails to Ukrainian government officials. The emails included a malware-laced PowerPoint attachment that claimed to be a terrorist watch list of pro-Russian separatists.
The malware had been tailored to spy on computers by quietly stealing emails and documents.
Related: FBI director says iPhones shield pedophiles from cops
The complexity and uniqueness of the attack led iSight to believe Russian hackers with government ties were responsible. Zero-day attacks (identified that way because they are brand new) are costly to develop, making them "typically the domain of cyber espionage teams and nation-states," said Stephen Ward, an executive at iSight Partners.
"The types of targets they were after relate to military, foreign policy and critical elements of the Russian GDP," Ward said.
That included a university researcher in the American Midwest who specializes in Russian culture, Ward said.
Investigators at iSight Partners were able to partially trace the attack, because hackers had made a mistake: A computer server sending messages to victimized computers was left openly visible on the Internet. On it were documents written in Russian language -- including instructions on how to use the malware.
The investigators believe the hackers are also responsible for spying attacks on a European government agency, a French telecom company and a Polish energy firm.
ISight dubbed the hacking group the "SandWorm Team," because the code it used was littered with references to the science fiction classic Dune . Sandworms are massive monsters that play a primary role in the novel.
This is only the latest cyberattack blamed on hackers in Russia. In the last year alone, Russia has been accused of attacking U.S. oil and gas companies , as well as placing a digital bomb in the Nasdaq and hacking JPMorgan and several other financial institutions .
CNNMoney is investigating recent hacks. Have you had money stolen from your bank account? Has someone stolen your identity? Share your story .

Tata Value homes launches new e-commerce platformreal estate
Tata Value Homes (TVH), a fully-owned subsidiary of Tata Housing Development Company, plans to launch three new 'Value Home’ projects in the Mumbai metropolitan area, Delhi NCR region and Kolkata. These projects, to be launched this financial year, will develop 12,000 flats and these will be ready in phases over a 7-8 year horizon.
Brotin Banerjee, MD & CEO, Tata Housing Development Company said two of these projects were under the joint venture model while one would be in a development management model.
Speaking on the sidelines of the launch of its e-commerce platform for home buying www.tatavaluehomes.com , he said the plan was to also add some international projects on the portal in this fiscal. TVH is working on projects in Sri Lanka and Maldives under the public-private partnership model and is also considering projects in Africa.
Tata Value homes sold more than 750 flats online in a year valued at over Rs 300 crore and has now launched the e-commerce portal following this success, Mr. Banerjee said adding that the new user-friendly platform allows buyers from anywhere in the world to book their flats in three easy steps including selection of location, reviewing the details and booking online.
The booking entails a non-refundable payment of Rs 30,000 and the inaugural offer is 'one price one nation' starting from October 15. Accordingly, buyers can buy units at a uniform price across projects in Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Mumbai, Pune and Chennai.
The flats are being offered at Rs 29.9 lakh for a 1 BHK, Rs 39.9 lakh for a 2 BHK, Rs 49.9 lakh for a large 2 BHK and Rs 59.9 lakh for a 3 BHK. TVH has around 10,000 flats across the locations and the overseas projects will be offered on the platform this fiscal.
Mr. Banerjee said online sales accounted for 20-25 per cent of the company’s total sales. "In less than two years, we expect that 45-50 per cent of our customers would prefer to buy online. Around 25 per cent of buyers were NRIs in 2014, doubling from 12 per cent in calendar 2013."

SEBI ban puts DLF in a spotMumbai/ New Delhi, October 13, 2014
Updated: October 13, 2014 23:06 IST
SEBI bars DLF, six top executives from markets for 3 years
Oommen A. Ninan
The Hindu DLF Chairman K.P. Singh. File photo: Ramesh Sharma
TOPICS
securities
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) imposed a ban on realty major DLF and its top executives from accessing the capital markets for three years, for suppressing information in its initial public offering (IPO) prospectus and for sham transactions.
PTI adds:
Those prohibited from the markets including Mr. Singh’s son Rajiv Singh (Vice Chairman) and daughter Pia Singh (Whole Time Director), SEBI said in its order.
“I find that the case of active and deliberate suppression of any material information so as to mislead and defraud the investors in the securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF in its IPO is clearly made out in this case,” SEBI’s Whole-Time Member Rajeev Agarwal said in his 43-page order.
“I am satisfied that the violations as found in this case are grave and have larger implications on the safety and integrity of the securities market. In my view, for the serious contraventions as found in the instant case, effective deterrent actions to safeguard the market integrity. It, therefore, becomes incumbent to deal with contraventions, digression and demeanour of the erring Noticees sternly and take appropriate actions for effective deterrence,” Mr. Agarwal said.
The company and its top executives are found to have violated various regulations including Sebi’s Disclosure and Investor Protection (DIP) Guidelines and the PFUTP (Prevention of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices) norms.
As per the order, those facing the ban include T.C. Goyal (Managing Director), Kameshwar Swarup and Ramesh Sanka. All of these persons, including K.P. Singh and his two children, were part of the top management at the time of filing IPO documents.
About G.S. Talwar, who was also a non-executive director at that time, Sebi said it could not be established whether he was involved in day-to-day operations of the company and therefore it was giving him “benefit of doubt”.
DLF had raised Rs. 9,187 crore through its IPO in 2007.

PCB says Ajmal ready for bowling testUpdated: October 14, 2014 16:59 IST
PCB says Ajmal ready for bowling test
Reuters
Boards (cricket)
Former Pakistan off-spinner Saqlain Mushtaq believes Saeed Ajmal has rectified his action to permissible limits and is ready to undergo a test to return to cricket, the country's board said on Tuesday.
The PCB will first send Ajmal, who was barred from bowling in international cricket for an illegal action, for an informal review, chairman Shaharyar Khan told reporters.
The board had hired Mushtaq on a short-term contract to help Ajmal correct his action, which breached the 15 degrees level of tolerance allowed by the International Cricket Council for bowlers to straighten their arm.
"Saqlain has given a positive report that Ajmal has managed to remodel his bowling action to within the permissible limits of the ICC. He and Ajmal are both ready to go for the informal tests," Khan said.
"Once he clears the informal test we will than ask the ICC to test out Ajmal so that he can be cleared before the World Cup."
Ajmal, who has been Pakistan's leading wicket-taker in all formats for the last three years, was first reported by match officials in August during the first Test against Sri Lanka in Galle.

Bajaj Auto Q2 net slides 29% to Rs 591 crBajaj Auto Q2 net slides 29% to Rs 591 cr
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 11:54 PM IST
Bajaj Auto, India’s third-largest two-wheeler manufacturer, posted a 29 per cent year-on-year drop in net profit for the quarter ended September. The Pune-based company reported a net profit of Rs 591 crore, compared with Rs 837 crore in the corresponding period last year.
The fall in profit was primarily due to a penalty imposed by the Uttarakhand High Court over non-payment of duties. Bajaj Auto said following the judgment, it was liable to pay Rs 340 crore as a one-time penalty and interest.
According to the order, the levy of National Calamity Contingent Duty (NCCD) is out of the purview of the exemptions granted to the company under the scheme of incentives provided to industries in Uttarakhand. The penalty has been calculated for the past seven and half years, since April 1, 2007.
“This is a one-time charge and going forward, the charge towards NCCD is expected to be about Rs 3 crore a month,” said a company release. But for the charge of this exceptional item, profit after tax would have been Rs 853 crore, the second-highest in the company’s history.
S Ravikumar, president (business development) Bajaj Auto, said, “We will consult our legal team on whether or not to appeal (against the high court ruling) in the Supreme Court. We have not received a copy of the final order yet.”
Other manufacturers operating in Uttarakhand, including Hero MotoCorp, have either appealed against the NCCD charge or have been paying this regularly. Other manufacturers, too, enjoy a tax holiday of 10 years in that state.
Analysts had expected a better performance by the company. According to a Bloomberg consensus, Bajaj Auto’s net profit for the September quarter was estimated at Rs 866 crore. The company’s net sales, however, beat expectations.
“Bajaj Auto’s second-quarter results were broadly in line with our expectations, after adjusting for the exceptional items. Strong growth in motorcycle exports (29 per cent year-on-year) and three-wheeler growth (40 per cent) offset the volume decline in the domestic motorcycle space (10 per cent). Realisation/vehicle grew five per cent year-on-year, largely on account of price rises. On the operating front, earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation margins (adjusted for a mark-to-market forex loss of Rs 67.4 crore), at 20 per cent, dipped by 190 basis points year-on-year on account of competitive pressure in the domestic market. The margins were broadly in line with our estimate of 19.6 per cent. Adjusted for an MTM forex loss (Rs 67 crore) and a one-time charge (Rs 340 crore), the adjusted net profit, at Rs 881 crore, was largely in line with our estimate of Rs 860 crore. Going ahead, we will like to seek clarity from the management on its strategy to regain share in the domestic motorcycle market,” said Bharat Gianani, research analyst (automobile), Angel Broking.
Currently, he has an ‘accumulate’ rating on the stock, with a target price of Rs 2,475.
The company’s net sales during the September quarter stood at Rs 5,827 crore, growth of 15 per cent compared with Rs 5,061 crore in the corresponding quarter last year. Helped by a robust pick-up in exports and incremental volumes from the newly launched Discover 150, the company clocked a 10 per cent rise in unit sales, at 1,055,582, compared with 961,330 units in the year-ago period.
This is the first time in six quarters that Bajaj Auto’s quarterly sales exceeded a million.
Exports, which accounted for about half the company’s unit sales, rose 29 per cent during the quarter and accounted for 45 per cent of the revenue. The company said export volumes exceeded 500,000 units, a first. “Mature markets continue to do well and new markets, seeded through the past few quarters, are yielding desired results,” the company said in a release.
“If it wasn’t for the foreign exchange dip, our operating margin would have been more than 21 per cent, against the reported 20.8 per cent. We are expecting the new Discover to continue its upward swing. The third quarter is expected to be even better; we are hoping to clock 1.1 million sales,” Ravikumar said.
At 23.1 per cent, the adjusted margin was in line with analysts’ estimate of 21.7 per cent.
Foreign exchange losses stood at Rs 67.4 crore, against a loss of Rs 39 crore in the year-ago period. While the company didn’t disclose expenses related to corporate social responsibility in the year-ago period, analysts say it is expected these have risen, impacting profits.
RACED DOWN
Rs 591 cr Net profit in the second quarter against Rs 837 cr reported in the same quarter last year
 
Rs 340 cr Amount Bajaj Auto is liable to pay as penalty
 

Chennai Marathon: 10 weeks to 10kImproved fitness levels, lessons on the track, dietary changes…our four runners on their third week of training for The Wipro Chennai Marathon
Padma Ram
I have been feeling fresh and energetic all week. I can now run continuously for 40 minutes. As per schedule, I ran three days, cross-trained for two and rested. My diet has been normal, my fitness levels have improved and I am sleeping better.
I ended up slightly injuring my ankle this week — this is because another runner crashed into me while I was training and I tripped. I learnt that one must be careful while training with someone else. I hope to continue with this schedule and do better next week.
Mangalamba Varma
I ran a temperature and was a little listless last week, so I took it easy. Apparently, viruses deposit protein at the joints, causing aches and pains. Rest and intake of plenty of fluids is the best way to deal with it. So I rested a couple of days and then got back to some stretches and Surya Namaskara. Some other interesting changes have taken place due to this new lifestyle. I’ve become an early-to-bed-early-to-rise person and my body clock is slowly adjusting to waking up at dawn. My body is feeling more comfortable with itself and I’ve learnt to pace and stretch it better.
However, I’m still getting used to all the sweating due to running outdoors. I’m not an outdoor person and running in the sun has given me a tan; so I had to look for sun block creams and sun protection home remedies.
After a slow week, I’m looking forward to picking up my training again. I want to build my muscle tone and strength. I realise I need to shop for the right running clothes, shoes, and accessories!
Girija
I had an interesting week. I learnt a lot, including some tips for effortless training and relaxing exercises. I had a bit of an ache but my sugar levels have drastically come down. I am eating pretty much the same and it seems to be keeping me fit and healthy. I really enjoyed myself at the run last Sunday. I plan to cover at least 7k continuously at each training session this week.
Ravi Kumar K
It has been an exciting journey so far. I tried a ‘6 k for 6 days’ challenge but stopped after two days as I didn’t want to get fatigued or injured. Instead, I ran twice, cycled twice and strength trained. I will also do a long-distance slow run. I have been eating the way I always do, except that I have added an extra egg white to my diet. I suffered from chronic headaches and fatigue but since I started running they have disappeared.
My sleeping patterns have improved and I am no longer an insomniac. There has been a bit of weight loss and though I haven’t checked my sugar levels yet, I am feeling much better. I learnt that one needs to listen to their body and not exert themselves while exercising. Next week, I plan to run three days, covering 24 kms, cross train, go cycling and do a couple of days of strength training. I really hope to improve my running pace and endurance levels.

Bitcoin  inventor  plans to sueThe guy Newsweek called the 'inventor' of Bitcoin plans to sue
By James O'Toole   @jtotoole October 14, 2014: 12:50 PM ET
A screenshot of Dorian Nakamoto's website, which is soliciting donations for a lawsuit against Newsweek.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The man Newsweek called the "inventor" of Bitcoin wants the magazine to pay up.
Dorian Nakamoto, the subject of a March Newsweek cover story entitled "The Face Behind Bitcoin," is soliciting donations online to fund a lawsuit against the publication. He claims he had nothing to do with the creation of the digital currency, and says Newsweek "must be held accountable for its reckless reporting."
Nakamoto is accepting donations via credit card, check, money order or -- of course -- bitcoins.
Bitcoin was created in 2009, but its founder has always been shrouded in secrecy. While its creator was identified as "Satoshi Nakamoto," the popular assumption was that the name was only a pseudonym.
Related: What is Bitcoin?
That changed following the publication of Newsweek's article, the result of a lengthy investigation and interviews with Nakamoto's family members. But Nakamoto's website says he and his family members were misquoted, and that he was "victimized by a reckless news organization."
Newsweek did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
 
Writer who named 'Bitcoin guy': Right man
Nakamoto acknowledges that a number of details in the Newsweek article are correct, including his background as an engineer and the fact that he once worked for a defense contractor. But the basic premise about his role in creating the currency, he says, is completely false.
"Newsweek's article terrorized both Dorian and his family, all of them private citizens," the website says.
But Nakamoto could have a difficult time winning his case, given the extensive free speech protections granted to the press.
Related: PayPal now lets shops accept Bitcoin
"The First Amendment and Supreme Court decisions protect the news media in their reporting on matters of public interest, so you really have to show actual malice and disregard for the truth that would be very blatant and very provable," said Gene Policinski, senior vice president of the First Amendment Center .
First Published: October 14, 2014: 12:48 PM ET
Most Popular

Modi arrives in Vizag to review Hudhud damageUpdated: October 15, 2014 00:21 IST
Modi arrives in Vizag to review Hudhud damage
Special Correspondent
PTI Cyclone Hudhud, which battered several districts of Andhra Pradesh on Sunday, left a trail of destruction in its wake. Photo shows a damaged boat in Visakhapatnam.
TOPICS
cyclones
The PM, accompanied by Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu, left in a convoy for an on-the-spot assessment of some of the affected areas.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Visakhapatnam onTuesday to review the damage wrought by Sunday’s Very Severe Cyclonic Storm Hudhud.
He was received at the airport by Andhra Pradesh Governor ESL Narasimhan, Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu, Union Ministers Venkaiah Naidu and P Ashok Gajapathi Raju, Ministers Yanamala Ramakrishnudu and Kamineni Srinivas and Visakhapatnam MP and BJP State president K Haribabu.
The Prime Minister was briefed about the damage to the superstructure of the Visakhapatnam Airport Terminal by Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief Eastern Naval Command Vice Admiral Satish Soni.
Mr. Modi, accompanied by the Chief Minister, left in a convoy for an on-the-spot assessment of some of the affected areas. He is scheduled to return to New Delhi by this evening.
RELATED NEWS

APEPDCL damages up to Rs. 500 croreUpdated: October 15, 2014 00:20 IST
APEPDCL damages up to Rs. 500 crore
Sumit Bhattacharjee
Tweet
The Hindu Teams of AP Eastern Power Distribution Company Limited repairing power lines that were damaged due to Sunday's Very Severe Cyclonic Storm Hudhud in Visakhapatnam on Tuesday. Photo: C.V. Subrahmanyam
The initial assessment of damage by cyclone Hudhud for AP Eastern Power Distribution Company Limited (APEPDCL) is said to be the tune of Rs. 500 crore.
This is only a rough estimate and it will take some time to get to the correct figure, said Director (Operations) of APEPDCL P. Rama Mohan Rao. Since Sunday, there is no power in the three districts of Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam. And restoration work is in full swing to bring back power at the earliest.
An estimated 12,000 electric poles and 7,500 distribution transformers have been damaged in the three districts. The good news is that AP Transco has been able to restore power to the 33kv substations at Payakaraopeta and Srirampuram, sourced from the 132 kv substation in East Godavari. AP Transco has also been able to restore power at the 132 kv and 33 kv substations at Gajuwaka from the 220 kv Visakha Switching Station, and hopefully power will be restored at the 33 kv substation in BHPV by Monday night, said Mr. Rama Mohan Rao.
But the difficult part would be restoring power to the substations at Port, Nakavanipalem and Naval Wharf, as the high-tension poles have snapped.
According to Chairman and Managing Director of APEPDCL, M.V. Seshagiri Babu, there is sufficient stock of material, which includes poles, transformers, conductors and other spare parts.

9 stocks bound with beautiful bounce-backs9 stocks bound with beautiful bounce-backs
By: Matt Krantz October 14, 2014 12:21 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
When there’s panic on Wall Street, there’s serious money to be made by cool-headed investors. It’s not just an adage. Look at some stocks delivering a heck of a bounce to investors.
There’s a group of nine stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 1500, including miner Cliffs Natural (CLF) , surfwear maker Quiksilver (ZQK) and airline Southwest Airlines (LUV) , that have delivered 7% gains just today, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. These are some of the power players as the market tries to shake off its October funk.
Investors are carefully watching what kinds of stocks bounce back the strongest — for clues to whether the market’s mood is taking a new turn. If there’s a sudden upturn in defensive stocks, that might be a clue that investors are digging in for a tough slog. But that doesn’t appear to be the case.
Of the nine stocks, all but one, Southwest, are either midsized or small-sized companies. This shows in  that area of the market, riskiest smallish companies are seeing the rebound. If more large-cap stocks were seeing a rise that might indicate investors are looking for safety by clinging to bigger stocks.
The biggest winner is Cliffs Natural. The stock, up 17% just today, has been absolutely crushed this year. It’s still down 63% this year — even after Friday’s gain. The company produces coal and iron ore — and has been clobbered this year on a variety of concerns. Most recently, Canadian steel company Essar Algoma — one of Cliffs’ top customers — filed for bankruptcy protection. But Tuesday, investors are just looking for a bargain.
Some of the bounce-back stocks are simply a case of low per-share prices. Surfwear company Quiksilver is the best example. The stock was up 13% Friday, but that gets it back to $1.78. The stock is still down 80% this year.
Perhaps more interesting is the strong recovery in airline stocks. Both JetBlue (JBLU) and Southwest are among the biggest gainers Tuesday — as new data on Ebola has cooled the panic not just about the disease, but the stocks. Shares of Southwest are up 7.3% and Jetblue stock is up 8.7%.
S&P 1500 STOCKS BOUNCING BACK THE MOST TUESDAY
Company

Man Wants $150 000 for Ebola.com  Compares Self to a DoctorThree cheers for disaster capitalism.
Photo by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) via Getty Images
Because no calamity is complete without a little bit of small-time profiteering, the Washington Post reports that the owner of Ebola.com now wants $150,000 for the URL. Jon Schultz is a "merchant of disease domains," according to the Post, who also owns such properties as birdflu.com and H1N1.com. He bought Ebola.com in 2008 for $13,500, and now, with thousands of infections in Africa and the entire U.S. beside itself about a few cases in Dallas, he thinks it's time to cash out. “We’re getting inquiries every day about the sale of it," he told the Post. "I have a lot of experience in this sort of domain business, and my sense is that $150,000 is reasonable."
Is there anything inherently wrong with making a little money off a public health crisis in a way that probably won't cause any lasting harm? Investors make far more money betting on the misfortune of others all the time—think about the hedge funders who made bank shorting the housing market before its collapse. But Schultz isn't his own best advocate. When asked how he felt profiting off a disease that had already killed thousands, he offered up this dazzling analogy:
But you could say the same thing about doctors. ...They can become very well-off treating very sick patients. Besides we have sacrificed a couple of thousands in  parking page income  to put up links about Ebola on the site. And people can also donate to Doctors Without Borders at the site.
Advertisement
Yes, Mr. Schultz, you are just like a doctor.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

Internet can t be managed as private property: India tells UNInternet can t be managed as private property: India tells UN
Police and protesters battle for control of Hong Kong roadsPolice and protesters battle for control of Hong Kong roads
ED notice to Flipkart on discount saleED notice to Flipkart on discount sale
Nitin Desai: Children firstNitin Desai: Children first
Nitin Desai |  Oct 14, 2014 09:50 PM IST
The award of the Nobel Peace Prize to Kailash Satyarthi is a tribute to a very special set of social activists. They are the ones who believe in Gandhiji’s idea that political action must combine “sangharsh” and “rachna” — agitational politics and constructive work. Many of them are in their early 60s and were influenced in their youth by Jayaprakash Narayan. They have focused attention on problems that are ignored by politicians who cannot look beyond tomorrow’s headlines.
Mr Satyarthi’s non-governmental organisation has campaigned for decades against child labour. But it is a problem on which there is ample scope for confusion. The first source of confusion is in the very definition of the term “child”. The United Nations definitions, to which India is a party, vary. The International Labour Organization’s Convention 138 states that the minimum age for employment “shall not be less than the age of completion of compulsory schooling and, in any case, shall not be less than 15 years”. But the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child states: “A child means every human being below the age of 18 years unless, under the law applicable to the child, majority is attained earlier.” In India, the age specified in the legislation dealing with the prohibition of child labour is 14 years, which is also the limit specified in the Factories Act and the Apprentices Act. But there are other implicit definitions of the term “child” in the laws dealing with child marriage, juvenile justice and the age of criminal responsibility.
The second source of confusion is the variation in the estimated number of child workers. According to the 2001 Census, 12.7 million children were working in various sectors across the country. This almost certainly excluded unpaid labour. The National Commission for Enterprises in the Unorganised Sector (2007) suggested the much higher figure of 45.2 million children. According to the National Family Health Survey-III (NFHS-III, 2005-06), nearly one in every eight (11.8 per cent) children aged 5-14 years works either for his/her own household, or for somebody else, and this works out to about 30 million. But it could be argued that all the children between five and 14 years of age who are not in school must be presumed to be working as unpaid help at home, or in the family’s economic activity, or as paid workers elsewhere. On this assumption, roughly 50 million children were at work in 2005-06. Some non-governmental organisations estimate the number of child labourers to be 60 million.
The statistics from the NFHS-III suggest that roughly 80 per cent of the age group 5-14 attended school. The big drop is seen in the 15-17 age group, where school attendance is just 37 per cent in rural areas and 51 per cent in urban areas. One suspects that most of the children shown as employed in paid labour come from this age group. Enforcing an age limit of 17 or 18 years seems quite impractical, and we should focus on those below the age of 14 so that they can complete their education at least to the elementary level. This is necessary both to enforce the child’s right to education and to ensure that the future workforce is literate and numerate to an acceptable level.
The laws to prohibit the employment of children under 14 years are in place. But implementing them is a different story. Precisely because it is illegal, these children work in small enterprises in the unorganised sector, where neither they nor the adult employees have any sort of legal protection. Moreover, more than half the children deemed to be at work in surveys such as the NFHS-III are working in family businesses, or are engaged in household chores. These children are also school dropouts; the reasons given for this in surveys include economic pressures and the perceived irrelevance of the education on offer. The law should be enforced, and organisations, such as Mr Satyarthi’s non-governmental organisation are doing good work there. But the real answer is to improve the quality of education to a point where parents and children see economic value in staying in school.
This focus on the quality of education is easier now that the problem of rising numbers is behind us. The numbers in the 0-6 age range showed an absolute decline between 2001 and 2011, and this will show up as a decline in the school-going age group now. But to get an improvement in quality we have to move away from centralised control of syllabuses and textbooks, and of teacher recruitment and postings in government schools.
Parents want quality education for their children, and expenditure surveys show them spending a substantial proportion of their income for this purpose and a growing move to poorly regulated private schools. Decentralise control over government schools and give parents the right to shape their children’s education. Open the textbook business to competition with only the syllabus being set by some central board. Bring in a system of performance evaluation in terms of writing, comprehension and mathematical skills.
Focusing our efforts just on child labour and education will not be enough. The problem starts from birth. The NFHS data show that more than 50 per cent of mothers received no pre-natal or post-natal care from any health practitioner. Infant mortality has declined, but remains high by international standards even when compared to our neighbours such as Bangladesh. Only 44 per cent of the children in the 12-23-month age group had received the full set of childhood vaccinations. The nutritional status of children below three years shows little improvement between the NFHS-II (1998-99) and the NFHS-III (2005-06): the percentage of stunted children (measured by height for age) has moved from 51 per cent to 45 per cent; of undernourished children (measured by weight for age) from 43 per cent to 40 per cent; and of children with anaemia has gone up from 77 per cent to 79 per cent. This is not for lack of trying. But the anganwadi, which is the front end of the main scheme, the Integrated Child Development Services, reaches only 28 per cent of the target group.
We need a national health policy for children that provides an effective universal health and nutrition safety net from pre-natal support till at least the age of five years. We need an education system run by parents and not by patronage-dispensing politicians. We need to give back our working children their childhood. We need this because a society that fails to nurture its young is destroying its own future.
nitin-desai@hotmail.com

Venture capital firm Lightbox closes 2nd fund at $100 mnVenture capital firm Lightbox closes 2nd fund at $100 mn
Ranju Sarkar | New Delhi Oct 15, 2014 12:46 AM IST
Venture capital (VC) firm Lightbox Ventures has closed its new fund at $100 million (Rs 600 crore). The newly-formed VC firm was initially looking to raise $90 million.
However, it raised the target when it saw good demand from foreign institutional investors, including from endowments and fund of funds. Lightbox said the non-disclosure agreements prevent it from disclosing the identity of these investors.
The second fund known as Lightbox Fund II will deploy the money in just eight technology start-ups. ''We plan to invest a lot more in each company and get operationally engaged with eight boards, instead of say, 20 boards,'' says Prashant Mehta, partner, Lightbox.
The fund will invest in heath care and e-commerce companies that have a strong technology and mobile component. The fund had a first close at $25 million in April and made a debut investment of Rs 12 crore in Embibe.com, an online test preparation portal focusing on engineering entrance exams.
Lightbox was founded by Sandeep Murthy and four others earlier this year when the venture fund acquired six investments made by Sherpalo Ventures and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers in India namely, Zoomin, PayMate, GreenDust, Kotak Urja, MapmyIndia, and Futurebazaar.com.

President invites Norwegian investment in Indias infrastructureUpdated: October 14, 2014 13:38 IST
President invites Norwegian investment in India’s infrastructure
IANS
Tweet
PTI President Pranab Mukherjee inspects a guard of honour with King Harald V during his ceremonial reception at Royal Palace in Oslo, Norway on Monday.
PTI President Pranab Mukherjee with Olemic Thommessen, President of Storting (Parliament of Norway) during his visit in Oslo, Norway on Monday.
VIDEO
diplomacy
Visiting Indian President Pranab Mukherjee has invited Norwegian businessmen to invest in India and to participate in “India’s growth story”.
In a speech at a banquet on Monday night in his honour by King Harald V and Queen Sonja, Mr. Mukherjee said business sentiments in India were “positive and strong” and the new government was taking a number of measures to “encourage investments, revive the manufacturing sector in India, promote skill development, develop smart cities and engage closely with all interested partners and investors in India and abroad” to make this happen.
He said the government invited investors and entrepreneurs from Norway, an oil and gas-rich nation with one of the world’s highest per capita incomes, to explore possibilities of investment in India’s infrastructure sector.
“We welcome foreign direct investments in our railways, roads and ports, power and communications sectors; we invite Norwegian companies to join Indian counterparts in the ‘Make in India’ initiative of the new government and we are presently simplifying the procedures to facilitate their participation in India’s growth story,” said the President who is making the first state visit from India to Norway.
He said India welcomed the ‘India Strategy’ launched in 2009 by Norway and looked forward to new partnerships and collaborations in areas of common interest.
Mr. Mukherjee also lauded Norway’s role in the “recognition of exceptional human endeavour”, particularly through the institution of the Nobel Peace Prize, and said it was an “outstanding example of the lead taken by you in advancement of human and civilisational values”.
The prize, announced last week in Oslo by the Nobel Prize committee, jointly awarded the peace prize to Kailash Satyarthi of India and Malala Yousufzai of Pakistan, both activists for the cause of children.
He said India appreciated Norway’s endorsement of “India’s rightful claim to Permanent Membership of the United Nations Security Council” and “for your proactive efforts that helped India achieve Observer status in the Arctic Council”.
The Arctic Council is becoming strategically very important as major nations jostle for a toehold there because of its latent reservoirs of oil and gas and because the Arctic Ocean could open in the foreseeable future to an alternate international navigational route because of the melting of the polar icecaps due to global warming.
“Our bilateral co-operation has been no less fruitful. We have a very rewarding partnership in oil exploration and scientific research and are both keen to expand the scope of our collaborative efforts in earth sciences, bio-technology, clean energy, fishing and healthcare.
“I would like to thank the government of Norway for the assistance and support extended to India in establishing our Polar Research Station in Svalbard,” he said.
India attaches great importance to its long standing friendship with Norway, the President said, underlining that “though our two nations are geographically distant from each other, we are bound by our common commitment to democratic values and practice and are both open, pluralistic societies”.
Several bilateral agreements are scheduled to be signed on Tuesday before the President leaves on the second leg of his North Europe trip to Finland where he is scheduled to cross the Arctic Circle.

Five men held guilty for Dhaula Kuan gang rapeNew Delhi, October 14, 2014
Updated: October 20, 2014 16:07 IST
Five convicted in 2010 Delhi rape case
Akanksha Jain
The Hindu This November 29, 2010 file photo shows people from north-eastern states staging a demonstration demanding arrest of the culprits in the Dhaula Kuan rape case, at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi. Photo: Rajeev Bhatt
TOPICS
criminal
A fast-track court here on Tuesday held all five accused guilty for the 2010 Dhaula Kuan gang-rape of a 30-year-old Northeast woman in a pick-up truck.
Additional Sessions Judge Virender Bhat convicted the five accused, all natives of Haryana, for kidnapping, gang-rape and criminal intimidation relying on the testimony of the victim, medical evidence including the DNA report.
“The scrutiny of evidence lead by the parties inevitably demonstrates that the prosecution has succeeded in proving charges under Sections 365/34 IPC (kidnapping and common intention), 376 (2) (g) (gang-rape) and 506/34 (criminal intimidation) against all the five accused,” the court said in a 131-page judgement
The case had forced the Delhi Police to issue an order to all BPOs in Delhi and NCR to drop women employees home safely and provide them security during night.
Usman alias Kale, Shamshad alias Khutkan, Shahid alias Chhota Billi, Iqbal alias Bada Billi and Kamruddin alias Mobile, all aged between 24 and 29 years, were cattle thieves from Haryana’s Mewat region. The court will hear the argument on awarding sentence on October 17.
One of the convicted Usman had told the police that he and other accused had come to Delhi to lift cows. On the night of the incident, they consumed liquor after which they felt the desire to satisfy their lust.

Maharashtra  Haryana vote in high-stakes polls todayComments
Some 10 crore people will vote to elect new governments in Maharashtra and Haryana on Wednesday, a major test as much of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s personal charisma as his party’s strategy to abandon long-standing allies in search of political majority in two key states.
An election official checks an EVM at a distribution centre on the eve of voting for assembly elections in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
A victory will not only reaffirm Modi’s appeal with voters but also silence detractors of his new party leadership, which was blamed for a string of defeats in assembly by-elections that tempered the euphoria of his Lok Sabha triumph.
 
For the Congress, a poor result will possibly stoke further murmurs against Rahul Gandhi’s leadership of the Congress.
Read: All you need to know about Maharashtra elections 2014
 
The vote will also test the mettle of some of the country’s most powerful regional parties such as the Shiv Sena, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) in the western state as well as the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) in Haryana.
 
Within a span of about two weeks, Modi addressed 27 public meetings in Maharashtra and 11 in Haryana, a rare staking of a prime minister’s personal prestige on a high-octane state campaign. He urged voters to hand the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) a clear majority for better governance and faster development.
Pre-poll surveys show that voters may be willing to heed that request, with the numbers putting the BJP slightly ahead in the race.
 
"The BJP is likely to get an absolute majority and in terms of number of seats it could be between 150 and 160, including 40 to 45 in Vidarbha region," said BJP leader and Union minister Nitin Gadkari.
 
In comparison, the Congress campaign appeared to lack steam, with Congress vice-president Rahul and president Sonia Gandhi addressing a few meetings towards close of electioneering in the two states.
 
In Maharashtra, where some 9.33 crore people are eligible to vote, the BJP snapped its 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena following differences over sharing of seats but also with hopes that Modi’s personal charisma will help it tap into growing anti-incumbency against the Congress-NCP’s 15-year rule.
The elections are the first for the Shiv Sena after the death of Bal Thackeray.
 
A pre-poll spat over seats also saw the curtains come down on the Congress-NCP alliance in the state, with political parties keeping their post-poll options open in a five-horse race.
 
Prominent candidates in the state include former Congress chief minister Prithviraj Chavan as well as former deputy CM Ajit Pawar and former ministers RR Patil and Chhagan Bhujbal of the NCP. For the BJP, state chief Devendra Fadnavis, Eknath Khadse, Vinod Tawde and Pankaja Munde are in the fray.
 
In Haryana as well the BJP called off its partnership with the Haryana Janhit Congress. The state is expected to see a three-corner contest between the BJP, Congress and the INLD which saw its jailed leader Om Prakash Chautala campaigning out on bail on medical grounds.
 
The Congress is seeking a third term there.
The main contestants in the state include chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and Randeep Surjewala of Congress, Chautala’s son Abhay, daughter-in-law Naina and grandson Dushyant (all INLD), former Union minister Venod Sharma and former MP Kuldeep Bishnoi and his elder brother and former deputy chief minister Chander Mohan.
 
The BJP has not named its chief ministerial candidate in either state.
 

Tesco  the U.K.s Biggest Supermarket Chain  Faces Operational ParalysisThe Tesco supermarket in Anglesey, Wales; Will and Kate probably aren't shopping there, though.
Photo by Andrew Yates/AFP/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Business Insider.
Gigantic U.K. retailer Tesco faces “operational paralysis” over the busy Christmas shopping season as a forensic investigation into how the company overstated its profits by £250 million ($316 million) would require executives to hand over their laptops and be interrogated.
Advertisement
In addition, 10 of the company’s most senior staff have been suspended, have been asked to leave, or have stepped down from the company.
In a note, Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Mike Dennis said:
The forensic investigation could, in our view, create operational paralysis for Tesco ahead of the very busy Christmas build up. We believe the investigation requires all commercial department personnel to hand over communication systems (laptops) to be interrogated and all supplier meetings to be postponed then, we believe Tesco’s ability to operate could be compromised at a critical period ahead of the start of the build up to Christmas trading.
Tesco is the U.K.’s biggest supermarket by a long way, and the world’s second-largest retailer. Its share price is down 1.91 percent on the latest news today, and has been slashed by more than 50 percent in the past year.
There has already been an implosion within Tesco’s management. Today, three more execs were suspended, according to the Times : Dan Jago, head of beers, wines, and spirits; Sean McCurley, a category director for convenience foods; and William Linnane, who oversees impulse purchases.
Seven senior directors have previously been kicked out of the company. The most recent pair left yesterday : company secretary Jonathan Lloyd and chairman of the audit committee Ken Hanna. Before them, commercial director Kevin Grace left, preceded by Chris Bush, managing director for the U.K.; Carl Rogberg, who worked with him in Tesco’s business in Thailand and is UK finance director; John Scouler, food commercial director; and Matt Simister, who is responsible for sourcing.
Company chairman Sir Richard Broadbent is regarded as another exec who may be required to leave the company. One of Tesco’s directors is searching for a replacement, according to Sky .

U.S. chicken exports to India more likely after WTO rulingU.S. chicken exports to India more likely after WTO ruling
Price Deregulation Encourages Reliance Industries to Consider Restarting  Leasing Fuel PumpsPrice Deregulation Encourages Reliance Industries to Consider Restarting  Leasing Fuel Pumps
DLFshares hit record low  m-cap falls below its debtDLFshares hit record low  m-cap falls below its debt
Powerless farmers seethe in angerUpdated: October 15, 2014 00:42 IST
‘Powerless’ farmers seethe in anger
Telangana Bureau
economy, business and finance
Take to streets to protest erratic power supply that has led to their crops withering away. It is over a month now that farmers have been protesting the short supply of power. Protests have come mostly from Bhainsa, Dilawarpur, Nirmal, Kuntala, Sarangapur, Laxmanchanda, Mamda, Kadem and Khanapur mandals.
Farmers took to streets in several parts of Telangana on Tuesday protesting severe power cuts and failure of the officials to ensure quality power.
They are a worried lot with their standing crops on verge of withering away as the erratic power supply was taking a heavy toll. Reports from Adilabad, Warangal, Karimnagar, Medak, Nalgonda and Khammam said that farmers came on to the roads and protested the cuts.
Nirmal Revenue Division in Adilabad district is the hardest hit due to severe power shortage as it has a large area under paddy cultivation. The power cuts have put farmers on tenterhooks and no day passes without them staging protests near the electricity sub-stations.
On Tuesday, the ryots staged protests at four different places demanding improvement in power supply to save their crops, which are nearing the harvesting stage. Farmers of Palsi in Bhainsa mandal and Khanapur mandal headquarter village gheraoed sub-stations at respective places on Tuesday, while farmers from Dandepalli and Luxettipet staged rasta rokos on the Jannaram-Luxettipet road and Utnoor cross roads respectively.
It is over a month now that farmers have been protesting the short supply of power. Protests have come mostly from Bhainsa, Dilawarpur, Nirmal, Kuntala, Sarangapur, Laxmanchanda, Mamda, Kadem and Khanapur mandals.
The farming community is agitated over the fact that the four-hour supply for agriculture sector is also besotted with problems. The situation is no different in Medak district where protests were reported. The Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS) held a day-long protest before the Superintendent Office in the district headquarters on Monday demanding power supply to save the crops. The Telangana Rytu Rakshana Samithi (TRRS) has also held a protest with the same demand before the Collectorate. Both these agitations were supported by the district unit of the TDP.
In Karimnagar, farmers staged a massive dharna and a rasta roko in Jammikunta town under the aegis of the Congress. They also set fire to an effigy of Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao protesting the erratic power supply. In Mustabad mandal headquarters, farmers demanded that the government fulfil its promise.
A Khammam report said farmers from Enkur mandal laid siege to the electricity sub-station. Farmers, mainly comprising paddy and cotton growers from across the mandal, took part in the dharna organised by the farmers’ wings of various opposition parties, including the Left parties.
The protesters squatted on the main road in front of the sub-station for nearly an hour. They demanded that the government should procure electricity from other States to ensure assured power supply to the agriculture sector to save the standing kharif crops.
In Warangal district, farmers held rasta rokos at Illanda and Nandanam villages in Wardhannapet mandal and at Md Ghousepalli in Mulug mandal.

Axar Patel included for remaining ODIsUpdated: October 15, 2014 00:34 IST
Axar Patel included for remaining ODIs
Special Correspondent
cricket
Left-arm spinner Axar Patel has been named by the National selectors in the 15-member India squad for remaining two one-dayers at Dharamshala (October 17) & Kolkata (October 20) and the lone T20 at Cuttack (October 22) against West Indies. He had played three ODIs when India toured Bangladesh earlier this year. Karnataka’s Manish Pandey is the other notable inclusion for the one-off T20 international.
The selection committee also chose Rohit Sharma for the three-day match between the Board President’s XI and the West Indies. The India middle-order batsman is recovering from a finger injury suffered during the first ODI in England. Suresh Raina will lead Board President’s XI.
The squads:
One-dayers: M.S. Dhoni (capt.), Shikhar Dhawan, Ajinkya Rahane, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ambati Rayudu, Ravindra Jadeja, Amit Mishra, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Ishant Sharma, Umesh Yadav, Murali Vijay, Kuldeep Yadav and Axar Patel.
T20: Dhoni (capt.), Dhawan, Rahane, Kohli, Raina, Stuart Binny, Jadeja, Patel, Karn Sharma, Bhuvneshwar, Shami, Sanju Samson, Manish Pandey and Umesh Yadav.
Board President’s XI: Raina (capt.), Jiwanjot Singh, K.L. Rahul, Naman Ojha, Rohit Sharma, Manoj Tiwary, Wriddhiman Saha, Karun Nair, Parvez Rasool, Pankaj Singh, Ishwar Pandey, Jasprit Bumrah, Karn Sharma and Kuldeep Yadav.

Rally over: Stocks turn negative in late tradingTuesday, 14 Oct 2014 |  4:00  PM ET
CNBC.com
Volatility about fear not fundamentals: Strategist
Discussing market volatility across sectors, with James Liu, JPMorgan Funds global market strategist.
U.S. stocks mostly advanced on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite halting their worst three-day rout since 2011, with the energy sector slammed along with the price of oil, as investors considered earnings from banking powerhouses JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup and Wells Fargo and waiting to hear from Intel.
"Today was a transition day, it was important to show some sort of a gain after a strong start. But what you're seeing is fear about the Fed going away at the end of the month, this is a lot about trying to see true valuations of these stocks," said JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade.
JPMorgan Chase edged lower after reporting earnings that missed and revenue that beat estimates; Citigroup rose after topping expectations on both the top and bottom lines; Wells Fargo declined after matching profit estimates and reporting revenue just above expectations. Johnson & Johnson erased gains that came after with the diversified health-care company's earnings.
"After the unrelenting selling pressure we've seen over the last few weeks, in the near term we are very oversold. It's hard to know how long a bounce from an oversold position can hold," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities.
"Earnings are coming in reasonably good, but the market is a forward-looking mechanism, so it is really a reaction to the outlook for fourth-quarter earnings and 2015," said Jim Russell, senior equity strategist for US Bank Wealth Management.
"We're hopeful that this is more than a technical bounce, as of the open, the S&P 500 was 6.9 percent from its high, but it feels like more than that because of the violence of the decline and the volatility associated with it," said Russell.
After ending at its highest level since June 2012 the prior day, the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), a measure of investor uncertainty, on Tuesday fell 7.5 percent to 23.79.
"If in fact we have a deflationary global slowdown trade, it's only exacerbated by weak data out of Germany," added Hogan of a gauge of investor confidence in Germany, which fell to a two-year low in October. The German government also cut is 2014 economic-growth outlook for the euro-zone's largest economy.
Symbol

Broad-based fall in wholesale inflationBroad-based fall in wholesale inflation
Govt invites Bhagwati to discuss structural reformsGovt invites Bhagwati to discuss structural reforms
Vrishti Beniwal | New Delhi Oct 15, 2014 12:45 AM IST
Noted economist Jagdish Bhagwati, who has lauded Prime Minister Narendra Modi and squabbled with Nobel laureate Amartya Sen over the Gujarat model of growth, has been invited by the government to speak at the Delhi Economics Conclave.
The theme of the Conclave, to be held here on December 10-11, is ‘Structural reforms and growth’. After the economy grew below five per cent in 2012-13 and 2013-14, investors have built high hopes on the current government, to introduce reforms and push both growth and employment.
“There will also be other eminent economists and speakers from India and abroad, including Eswar Prasad from Cornell University, to discuss various aspects of structural reforms,” said a government official who did not wish to be identified.
Bhagwati, professor of economics and law at Columbia University, was scheduled to give a plenary lecture at last year’s programme under the previous government but cancelled his visit on health grounds. The theme of the December 2013 conclave was ‘Agenda for the next five years’. A debacle for the ruling Congress in five legislative Assembly elections just three days before the conclave made the topic a little irrelevant for the then government and invitees. Those results gave early indications that the rival National Democratic Alliance, now in power, might form the next government at the Centre after the Lok Sabha elections in May 2014.
It is learnt the government had invited Bhagwati in 2012 as well but he had declined to be a part of the Conclave at that time.
His visits always evoke interest in India. Before the general elections last year, Bhagwati had said he would not vote for Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi or for Modi. However, he has expressed admiration for Gujarat's development under Modi, which had led to an argument with Sen on the subject. It was widely believed he'd get a role in the Modi government.
Recently again in a TV interview, the New York-based economist had praised Modi for a practical approach to trade and investment.

Beware of Scam Newspaper Subscription NoticesBeware of scam newspaper subscription notices
Herb Weisbaum NBC News contributor
Oct. 13, 2014 at 3:03 PM ET
BBB
Can you spot the typo in this fraudulent newspaper subscription notice?
Don't believe everything you read in the paper. And don't believe it every time you think you get a paper's subscription renewal notice.
Newspapers across the country are warning readers to be on the lookout for fraudulent renewal notices in the mail. The scammers have targeted readers at dozens of newspapers, including The New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Arizona Republic, Dallas Morning News, Denver Post and Seattle Times.
According to the Better Business Bureau , the fraudsters are using a variety of names and addresses, including Publisher’s Billing Exchange, Reader’s Payment Service, Associated Publishers Network and Platinum Subscription Services, just to name  a few. The bogus renewal notices ask for checks to be made out to the company and not the newspaper, and sent to a P.O. Box in Oregon or Nevada. Credit card payments are also accepted online.
BBB
The fake “renewal/new order” notices are for significantly more, sometimes hundreds of dollars more, than the actual subscription rate. 
“Even if you do pay up, don’t expect to see your subscription renewed. It’s likely scammers will just pocket your money,” warns a BBB scam alert.
When in doubt, contact your newspaper’s customer service department before sending any money. The U.S. Postal Service is investigating.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
Tags:

Supreme Court to hear Jayalalithaas plea on October 17NEW DELHI, October 13, 2014
Updated: October 17, 2014 16:18 IST
Supreme Court to hear Jayalalithaa’s plea on October 17
Krishnadas Rajagopal
DIPR A file photo of AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa.
TOPICS
judiciary (system of justice)
Jayalalithaa sought relief from incarceration on the grounds that she is a woman, 66-years-old and suffers from ailments.
The Supreme Court will on Friday hear a special leave petition filed by three-time former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa challenging the Karnataka High Court order refusing to suspend the execution of her sentence and grant of bail in a disproportionate assets case.
A three-judge bench led by Chief Justice of India H.L. Dattu agreed to an urgent plea made by Jayalalithaa's counsel and senior advocate Fali S. Nariman for an early hearing of her petition.
“My Lords, this is an urgent matter on suspension of sentence,” Mr. Nariman submitted.
The bench held a brief consultation, after which the Chief Justice posted the case for hearing to October 17.
Senior advocate Sushil Kumar also sought a hearing on suspension of sentence of the other three co-accused in the case to Friday. The court granted his plea.
Jayalalithaa, who was Tamil Nadu Chief Minister at the time of her conviction , was sentenced to four years’ simple imprisonment and ordered to pay a fine of Rs. 100-crore for offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act. Her co-accused — Sasikala Natarajan, V. Sudhakaran and J. Elavarasi — were sentenced to four years’ imprisonment and a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.
Cites age, ailments
Jayalalithaa sought relief from incarceration on the grounds that she is a woman, 66-years-old and suffers from ailments.
The petition contended that the Karnataka High Court would take the next four years to finally decide her pending appeal, during which she would have to suffer in prison. One of the main grounds of the petition is that once an appeal against conviction is admitted by an appellate court, granting of bail and suspension of sentence follows naturally, otherwise it renders the appeal irrelevant.
It said that she has been sentenced to a term of 'simple' and not 'rigorous' imprisonment, and in such cases grant of bail is the norm. The petition argued that bail is the rule and this relief can only be denied in exceptional circumstances, of which there is none in the present case.
The High Court had termed corruption as a violation of human rights quoting the 2012 Supreme Court judgment in State of Maharashtra through CBI versus Balakrishna Dattatrya Kumbhar.
However, Jayalalithaa's lawyers are likely to plead that this verdict quoted by the Karnataka High Court was delivered in a matter seeking stay on conviction. In the current matter, only suspension of execution of sentence is sought.
The petition has challenged the October 8 order of the Karnataka High Court, which had dismissed Ms. Jayalalithaa's contentions that she should be granted bail on the ground that the accused has no past record of misusing her liberty to hamper proceedings in the case.
Rejecting arguments by Mr. Jethmalani that Jayalalithaa is “entitled” for bail, the high court had observed that suspension of sentence and bail prescribed under Section 389 Cr.PC rests entirely on the discretion of the Appellate Court.

World View: Friends and collaboratorsinternational relations
One area in particular in which India and Canada can work together is our efforts to end child, early and forced marriage
The film that opened the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF) last month captured the imagination of Canadians from all walks of life. “Mary Kom” tells the story of a passionate and determined village girl from Manipur, portrayed by Priyanka Chopra, who defeated all expectations to become a five-time world boxing champion. Bollywood’s strong presence at TIFF should be no surprise. Its films are regularly shown in theatres throughout Canada, not least because more than one million Canadians can trace their roots to India. This is a personal relationship. The Indo-Canadian community contributes hugely to our multicultural society and our economic, academic and political life. The community has also brought with it a rich Indian cultural heritage.
We value the long-standing friendship between our nations. Visiting Delhi this week has reaffirmed to me that it is also a friendship based on common values. We value freedom, pluralism and respect for human rights and the rule of law. We have the same type of government — a Westminster-style parliamentary democracy, experiencing both majority and minority governments. We believe that all members of society have a role to play and a stake in the future.
Of course, the future starts with our youth. Canada is proud to host a great number of Indian students at our universities and colleges. These students are part of an exchange of knowledge, and their contributions and innovations are world-class. Together, our investment in this generation is stimulating new and creative ways of making our world better. This includes partnerships on cleaning up the historic, sacred Ganges River. It includes potential partnerships on issues ranging from the waters of Asia to ensuring Internet freedom and cooperation in space.
But this potential will always be limited if one half of a generation has fewer opportunities than the other. As someone once told me, “you cannot run on one leg.” This was a central theme of the International Day of the Girl Child on October 11. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is committed to improving access to education for girls and providing equal opportunities for women. Canada appreciates India’s leadership on this, and we are keen to collaborate in achieving these goals. In this regard, I would like to congratulate Kailash Satyarthi, this year’s joint recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize, for his tireless efforts in favour of children’s rights.
Ending child marriage
One area in particular in which we can work together is our efforts to end child, early and forced marriage. These widespread practices threaten the lives and futures of girls and young women around the world, denying their rights, disrupting their access to education and severely jeopardising their health. They also hinder development. When girls are not able to reach their full potential, everyone suffers — girls, their communities and all of society.
We are encouraged that international momentum is building to address this issue, including promising efforts within India through state government programmes like Apni Beti, Apna Dhan, which has led to tangible progress on child marriage in Haryana. Global action is required to end these practices — not just from governments, but also civil society, community and religious leaders, men and boys, and of course, women and girls themselves.
Focus on trade
Another focus of this visit is trade. You can feel a real sense of momentum in India’s economy, and I especially welcome the renewed economic development efforts in Jammu and Kashmir, despite the constant threats of terrorism and natural disaster. My colleague, International Trade Minister Ed Fast, is leading a trade delegation here this week. Canada is a trade-intensive nation, with 60 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) and one in five jobs tied to exports. But while our traditional trading partnerships have been with the United States and Europe, we are increasingly becoming a bridge from Asia to those countries. We are at the centre of a unique Venn diagram of trade — with North America on one side through NAFTA, and Europe on the other side through the new Canada-EU Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement. Not only this, but our Pacific and Atlantic coasts are poised to be reliable ports for stable energy that will continue to unleash economic opportunity in India.
Trade opportunities remind us that both our countries are dependent on an interconnected and interdependent global society. Global trade and prosperity ultimately depends on global stability and security, both of which are feeling more fragile in 2014 than in previous years. I believe the struggle against terrorism is the biggest test of our generation, so I very much welcome the leadership shown by Prime Minister Modi on this issue at the United Nations. I am eager that we work together more on confronting our common challenges in international security. I am very aware that as the world’s largest democracy in a strategically important region, India already plays a leadership role on these issues. For example, Canada and India are both key players in supporting Afghanistan in its establishment of a stable and democratic society. The establishment of a government of national unity is another milestone in Afghanistan’s transition to becoming more secure, prosperous and self-sufficient. Canada recognises the important and constructive role that India, as a regional leader, has taken to help Afghanistan integrate into the region and to increase security and prosperity for all.
Whether it’s values, trade or security, I have high hopes for this relationship between our nations. I'm ambitious for the leadership that Prime Minister Modi has already demonstrated toward paving a path toward a more prosperous future. If we can channel the indomitable spirit of Mary Kom, I’m sure we can take that relationship to even higher heights in the years ahead.
(John Baird is Canada’s Foreign Affairs Minister.)

Tomorrow  begin your day with a partyBigg Boss 8
Skip the gym and party instead!
Morning Gloryville is an immersive musical and creative experience, rewriting the rules of both raving and fitness. Join the party tomorrow and start your day with energy!
Print
On Wednesday 15th October, Morning Glory Experiences Ltd, a London (UK) based events company will host its second, unique early morning dance experience entitled Morning Gloryville ~ Rave Your Way Into The Day!’ in Bangalore.
Morning Glory Experience Ltd is an events company that is a trailblazer in conscious clubbing, creating monthly sober early morning dance experiences, entitled ‘Morning Gloryville ~ Rave Your Way Into the Day! encouraging its community to lead a conscious, joyful and inspired life.
Now Morning Gloryville is live in Bangalore —the home of self-expression and passionate open-minded people who love to try new things. Bangaloreans are rejigging their usual morning routines by experiencing a brand-new — sober! — style of clubbing between 6.30am and 10.30am, before heading to work.
On arrival attendees—who are named ‘citizens’— are welcomed by Morning Gloryville ‘Wake Up Angels’ offering free massages, alongside fresh smoothie and coffee bars, a line-up of world-class DJs, a motivational dance team, and a pumping dance floor.  There are yoga teachers leading small group classes that attendees can dip into at their will. ‘Dress to sweat’ is the general dress code, but anything goes. Color and fun festival gear is encouraged. The only rules are sobriety and authenticity –allowing for the mask to come off and that raw inner you to be unleashed!
 
“Our primary aim in creating these events is to infuse connectivity, energy and wellbeing into the city”, says founder Samantha Moyo.  “Besides being a vigorous workout, Morning Gloryville offers city-dwellers from all backgrounds, ages and professions a fun and healthy way to relax their minds, shake off their inhibitions and plug into the energy of ‘oneness’.  The overwhelming response from our attendees is that the positive energizing experience leads to them being more enthusiastic, productive, creative and empowered at work. Go to an interview after Morning Gloryville and you will get the job. If not, money back guarantee.
Founder of  Morning Gloryville - Samantha Moyo, On going live in Bangalore “We are excited that Bangalore is the first city in the east to join the movement, the glory agents that we are working with are fantastic and humble ambassadors of India- There is no doubt that Bangalore is gonna start off with a Bang!! Thank you India for Welcoming us.. we can’t wait to see you dancing yourselves into bliss!!! FREE YOUR MINDS AND GO WILD”.
Morning Gloryville (formerly named ‘Morning Glory’) was born when Samantha Moyo, an experienced event producer and creative, and Nico Thoemmes, a professional body-worker, came together to create an experience for London city-dwellers that would shift their perceptions of mornings, and clubbing, and increase their wellbeing. Morning Gloryville has since evolved, and received worldwide media acclaim hailing its unique concept that demonstrably boosts the positivity, happiness and productivity of its attendees, and the community as a whole. Morning Gloryville has become a worldwide movement and is live in London, Amsterdam, Barcelona, Brighton, Dublin, NYC, Paris, San Francisco, Sydney, Tokyo, Zurich, Bangalore and is set to launch in more cities across the globe by the end of this year.
To find out more visit their Facebook page .
Yahoo ed @anishaoommen will be live-tweeting from the event tomorrow. If you're attending, drop by and say hello!
 

Amit Shah works day in and day out to ensure victory for BJPAmit Shah works day in and day out to ensure victory for BJP
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Oct 15, 2014 12:39 AM IST
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) President Amit Shah did not address many Assembly election rallies in Maharashtra. Instead he focused on implementing the party's poll strategy in the past 40 days.
He visited Mumbai on alternate days for meetings with workers.
Shah’s key team members were party general secretaries Om Prakash Mathur, Rajiv Pratap Rudy and Sunil Bansal, who had handled the BJP's campaign in Uttar Pradesh. Rudy, in Mumbai for the last 40 days and involved in the organisation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s 27 rallies across Maharashtra, told Business Standard: "Shah's organisational skills are unparalleled. His review meetings used to start in the midnight and go to 4 am even after addressing poll rallies and his scheduled programmes. After that we all used to be on the job from 9.30 am. He had booth-wise information and guided state and district leaders to be proactive.'' According to him, Shah was involved in detailed poll preparations in Maharashtra and Haryana. ''On Monday, the prime minister was to address five meetings in the state. But in the morning he had his contingency plan ready as cyclone Hudhud had hit Odisha,'' Rudy said.
Rudy said the party is quite confident to get a majority and form the government in the state.

Maharashtra parties fret over post poll alliances due to sour relationsMaharashtra parties fret over post poll alliances due to sour relations
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Oct 15, 2014 12:35 AM IST
Even as Maharashtra gears up to vote, major political parties and senior politicians admit that the bitterness between rivals has taken such deep roots that post-poll alliance would be a difficult affair. The BJP on Tuesday declared that it would get an absolute majority and a possible alliance with former ally Shiv Sena was irrelevant as of now. The Sena, too, ruled out any agreement after the election, calling the estranged friend their enemy number one.
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray had attacked the BJP for its “betrayal and back-stabbing” after the party severed their ties. He also criticised Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his team for devoting too much attention to a state assembly election instead of focusing on national security.
Uddhav’s son and Shiv Sena youth wing chief Aditya Thackeray said there was no question of striking a post-poll alliance with the BJP.
Both Uddhav and Aditya alleged that the BJP was pursuing a ploy to reduce the importance of regional and smaller parties. BJP president Amit Shah, on the other hand, compared the Shiv Sena to a rat. Uddhav rejoined by reminding the BJP that it grew in Maharashtra with Shiv Sena’s help.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has appealed to the voters to give a complete majority to the BJP to provide a strong and stable government and thereby end coalition politics in Maharashtra.
The relationship between the Congress and its former friend the NCP has also soured beyond repair, ruling out any reconciliation.  The Congress has blamed the NCP for breaking the 15-year-old alliance. Former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has targeted his former deputy Ajit Pawar, alleging that the latter’s ambition to become the chief minister led to the split.
State Congress president Manikrao Thakre hoped that the party would be in a position to form the government for the fourth time in succession. Thakre told Business Standard: “Congress has not given any thought on a post-poll alliance with the NCP.”
The NCP, too, does not seem too keen to repair the relationship. Its president, Sharad Pawar, said his party is concentrating on winning a majority and forming the government. “Post-poll alliance with the Congress is not under NCP’s consideration at this point of time,” he said.
Pawar and his nephew, former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, have put the onus on the Congress for breaking the alliance. They also criticised Prithviraj Chavan for police paralysis, and said that Chavan should have taken quick decisions as soon as he took over in November 2010 instead of clearing crucial files before the announcement of the assembly poll. Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, too, is going solo this time.
Raj admitted yesterday that he had forwarded his hand for a pre-poll alliance with his estranged cousin and Shiv Sena chief Uddhav.
However, he said, the alliance could not be formed because of a lukewarm response from Uddhav. Raj said time will decide on an alliance between them.

Petrol price cut by Re 1/L | Cut in diesel price likely after electionsYou are here: Home > Collections
Petrol price cut by Re 1 per litre
PTI Oct 14, 2014, 09.54PM IST
Tags:
Indian Oil Corp
(State-owned oil firms,…)
NEW DELHI: Petrol price was today cut by Re 1 a litre, but the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years will have to wait till completion of assembly polls.
State-owned oil firms, which cut petrol price by 54 paisa on October 1, reduced rates by another Re 1 per litre, excluding local sales tax or VAT , with effect from midnight tonight, Indian Oil Corp (IOC) announced here.
The price revision was due tomorrow evening but was announced today ahead of polling in Maharashtra and Haryana.
After accounting for the incidence of local sales tax, petrol rate in Delhi was reduced by Rs 1.21 a litre to Rs 66.65 per litre, according to Indian Oil Corp (IOC), the nation's largest fuel retailer.
In Mumbai, petrol price was cut from Rs 75.73 to Rs 74.46 per litre.
"Since last price change, international petrol prices have continued to show a downward trend. However, the INR-USD exchange rate has depreciated. Despite INR-USD depreciation, the fall in international oil prices warrant a decrease in selling price of petrol in the domestic market.
"Thus a downward revision in selling price of petrol by Re 1.00 /litre (excluding state levies) is being effected from midnight of 14th/15th Oct'14. With this price revision, Retail Selling Price at Delhi shall decrease by Rs 1.21/litre (including VAT), with corresponding decrease in other states," IOC said.
A Rs 2.50 per litre cut in diesel prices, the first in over four years, is likely after results of assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana are announced on Sunday.
Diesel, the nation's most consumed fuel that has a direct bearing on prices of essential commodities as it is the preferred fuel for the transport sector, is regulated or controlled by the government.
The fall in international oil rates last month led to situation where state-owned oil firms started making profit on diesel sales, the first time in history.
However, the benefit could not be passed on to consumers as the model code of conduct had come into place with the announcement of elections to Maharashtra and Haryana assemblies.
Since reduction in rates would have been a new policy, a revision was deferred.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&J beats forecasts  helped by hepatitis drugJ&J beats forecasts  helped by hepatitis drug
Sebi fines Glaxo for delayed disclosure on Indian armSebi fines Glaxo for delayed disclosure on Indian arm
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 10:46 PM IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Tuesday slapped a fine of Rs 25 lakh on Glaxo Group, a promoter entity of drug maker Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals, for failing to make timely disclosures about its aggregate shareholding to the company and the stock exchanges.
Sebi came across the violations by Glaxo Group while examining a draft letter of offer filed by Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals along with UK-based Glaxo SmithKline Plc and Glaxo Group, to acquire 24.33 per cent stake in the India-listed group entity.
As on quarter ending September, 2014, Glaxo Group held 35.99 per cent stake in Glaxo Smithkline Pharmaceuticals as the largest promoter shareholder.
Penalties totalling to Rs 25 lakh which need to be paid within 45 days have been imposed by the regulator for violating various provisions of Sebi’s Takeover Regulations.
Under these norms, a promoter of a listed company has to, disclose, together with persons acting in concert with him, the aggregate shareholding and voting rights as on March 31, in the firm, within a prescribed time period, to the relevant stock exchanges as well as the company.
Sebi found that Galxo Group, as a promoter group entity, was under an obligation to disclose the aggregate shareholdings to the BSE and NSE as well as to Glaxo Smithkline Pharmaceuticals India for the year 2007.
However, the said disclosures were admittedly made by the entity with an aggregate delay of 60 days.
The market watchdog also noted that Glaxo Group was required to disclose its shareholdings for the year 2012 and 2013, but made the same with an aggregate delay of 158 days.

The man whose love for life spread beyond needs of businessThe man whose love for life spread beyond needs of business
Siddharth Shriram |  Oct 15, 2014 12:35 AM IST
Bharat Ram was born in the fabled old city of Delhi to Lala Shiram and Lady Shriram on October 15, 1914. Bred in a Spartan strict regimen under his world famous father, his education was in a Madrasa, in Modern School (Kashmere Gate) and St Stephen's College. A genuine all-rounder at Delhi University, he excelled in academics, represented Delhi University in Hockey and Tennis and captained St Stephen's at Cricket. He took these interests further with him when he started the DCM Hockey and the DCM Football tournaments both of which quickly developed an All India flavour and even went beyond with contenders from Iran and South Korea playing in these tournaments. He also started the first Indian professional golf tournament entitled the DCM Open.
Lala Bharat Ram was instrumental in the rescue of the Delhi Golf Club from being converted into a Government housing colony (which is what happened to the second 18-hole that comprised the golfing facilities built by the British - Kaka Nagar!). He played golf to a virtual scratch handicap, and his acutely competitive temperament at sports, led him to lose his otherwise amiable countenance when he lost. Sometimes, a poorly executed shot would render the offending club having to be retrieved from high up in the wilderness, to the amusement of the caddies. Nonetheless his love affair with golf and the Delhi Golf Club was unique in that it was selfless. As a founder member of the club, he supported the club financially in the early days and led it as captain and president several times. He invited Peter Thompson to visit India to re-design the course to meet with modern requirements; that course design, in its essential elements, is what we play on even today.
He apprenticed in DCM Ltd when it was on its way to becoming one of the foremost companies in India. Aside from business where, as a doyen of Indian Industry, he played a prominent role in nation shaping industry associations and linking up with similar bodies in other parts of the world which he subsequently chaired, he made immense contributions to the development of education, culture and sports in India.
In the grand home of his father at 18/22 Curzon Road, he interacted with an eclectic set of luminaries including industry leaders, powerful bureaucrats, writers, poets, politicians, statesmen, educationists and great names in the field of Indian classical music and dance, all of which had their subtle beneficial influence on him.
His love for life spread beyond the needs of business and the joys of sporting activities to the creation of beautiful gardens. He won huge praise for his role in developing the Rose Society of India and in creating the national rose garden in central Delhi. His keen gardening instinct caused his home and his farm to have the best gardens in Delhi.
He succeeded his father as chairman of DCM Limited and also the chairman of the family firm of Madan Mohan Lal Shriram Limited. In the latter, the Shriram family, which managed the businesses, was in a minority and, owing to family pressures, much valuable real estate was disposed at what would be called trifling prices today.
He carried forward the famous Shankar Shaad Mushaira started by his elder brother Murli Dhar and his uncle Shankar Lal, and made it famous through the region.
Indeed, it was said that if a poet was invited to participate in this Mushaira, his future was already made (and this is said by none other than Javed Akthar). When India and Pakistan were one, the DCM textile operations extended into Pakistan and excellent family relationships were formed with many families. Sadly, after partition, Murli Dhar, who was responsible for running those factories in Pakistan, expired in an air crash. Pretty soon, the relationship between the countries soured sufficiently for DCM to lose effective control of those entities. Nonetheless, because of his loving and poetical nature, he maintained his rishtaa with those families and friends in Pakistan, which survive till date.
Bharat Ram also had his weaknesses and none was greater than his love for cigarettes. He was never without a lit cigarette, which he smoked only half way. The onset of related cancer in the later stages of his life caused him to give up this cherished habit and one which he always regretted giving up. In addition to this, he enjoyed some gambling at the bridge tables; never a great player he was often a favourite with opponents because they could skin him for some easy bucks.
The rigours of business, the pleasures of philosophy and poetry, the exhilarating joys of sports, the closeness to nature through gardens, the vicissitudes of life, grew Bharat Ram into a warm, compassionate and trusting human being.
As the families of individual members grew, inevitable sibling rivalries cropped up. These became quite acrimonious and it was left to the next generation to really sort out these differences. Thus, in 1984/5 he ceded the chairmanship of the DCM Board to the next generation and indeed they were able to organize a systematic and friendly family separation. Throughout all of this, he kept a benign eye on the proceedings. The result is that while the family of Lala Shriram is separate in business, they are lovingly together at festivals and social occasions, and times of need.
Finally, he succumbed to illness following an unfortunate and clearly avoidable accident, but maintained his cheery good nature to the very end.
His funeral was just as his life had been; full of friends and family, industry leaders, diplomats and educationists, politicians of various hues, and always the people who gave him considerable joy, the gardeners of his estates, the caddies at his beloved Delhi Golf Club, and the workmen of DCM Ltd.
The author is the nephew of Bharat Ram

New Converse Lawsuit Says There Can Only Be One All-StarThe genuine articles pose with a Nike high heel.
Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images
Will the real Converse All Star please stand up? First popularized as iconic basketball sneakers and inextricably linked to counterculture figures and the high-schoolers who imitate them, the Chuck Taylor All Star is one of the world’s most famous sneakers. It’s no surprise that imitators have cropped up over the years, and now Converse is trying to knock imposters off the racks with a lawsuit against 31 companies including Walmart, Skechers, and Kmart.
The New York Times reports that Converse is accusing the companies of trademark infringement and seeking monetary damages; Converse is also pursuing a complaint with the International Trade Commission to bar look-alike counterfeits from entering the country.
Advertisement
The design infringements include one or two black stripes and, probably most importantly, the rubber cap above the toe, which have led the company to write more than 160 cease-and-desist letters, according to the Times, which also stresses how difficult trademark infringement cases can be in the fashion world—functional designs can’t be protected, and the attributes in question must be directly linked to the company in consumers’ minds.
In short, Converse needs to prove that when people see the black stripes on the soles and the rubber toe cap, they actually think “Converse.”
I have no legal degree, admittedly, but I did spend many years as a counterculture-obsessed teen, and when I purchased off-brand rubber-toed footwear with black stripes and flat laces, it was solely to supplement my one legitimate pair of worn-in, white canvas Chucks. In other words, I wanted more Converse, but could not afford the real thing, so I purchased an imitation.
My nonlawyer's opinion, therefore, is that the imitation evident in, say, the Faded Glory Women's Canvas Lace to Toe available at Walmart or in Skechers' Bobs Lo-Topia is borderline undeniable. The smoking gun? I found both of those shoes by searching the sites for the word "Converse."
Laura Bradley is a Slate intern.

Nobel laureate Jean Tirole calls for tough rules for banksNobel laureate Jean Tirole calls for tough rules for banks
Rise in indirect tax collections well below year s 26% targetRise in indirect tax collections well below year's 26% target
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 15, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Indirect tax collections rose 12.3 per cent in September over a year earlier, to Rs 48,012 crore as compared to Rs 42,738 crore in the same month last year, due to a big rise in customs duty collection.  
Even so, the September growth was lower than the 26 per cent target for the current financial year. The excise duty collections also fell indicating manufacturing is yet  to gather steam. Collections from customs duty were Rs 18,116 crore in September, compared with Rs 13,644 crore in September 2013, marking a rise of 32.8 per cent. Service tax collections rose 5.8 per cent to Rs 15,608 crore.
The data, issued by the finance ministry on Tuesday, indicated manufacturing activity is yet to pick up. Excise duty collection dropped 0.4 per cent to Rs 14,288 crore in September, compared to the same month last year. Manufacturing output had declined 1.4 per cent in August, after a fall of one per cent in July.
In the first six months of the current financial year (April-September), indirect tax collections rose 5.8 per cent to Rs 241,811 crore, against Rs 228,619 crore in the corresponding period a year before.
Total indirect tax collections in these first six months were only 38.8 per cent of the Budget Estimate of a 26 per cent rise for the full year, of Rs 623,244 crore.
Excise collection contracted 0.6 per cent during April-September to Rs 75,021 crore. While Customs collection rose 5.5 per cent to Rs 89,324 crore in these six months, Service tax collection grew 13.1 per cent, to Rs 77,466 crore.

Chris Brown calls Ebola a  form of population controlChris Brown calls Ebola a 'form of population control'
PTI  Los Angeles, October 14, 2014
First Published: 13:25 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:44 IST(14/10/2014)
R&B singer Chris Brown tweeted that Ebola, which has killed more than 4,000 people in West Africa, is a kind of population control.
The 25-year-old singer took to Twitter to make the controversial statement about the disease.
Also read: India ramps up Ebola screening at airports
"I don't know... But I think this Ebola epidemic is a form of population control. It is getting crazy bruh," he wrote. He instead shared his own conspiracy theory, suggesting that the pandemic has been deliberately manufactured to combat the world’s rising population.
Singer Chris Brown (Photo Courtesy: Facebook)
I don't know ... But I think this Ebola epidemic is a form of population control. Shit is getting crazy bruh.
— Chris Brown (@chrisbrown) October 13, 2014
Brown received backlash after sending out the tweets.
"He has obviously ignored Twitter's key rule: Think before you tweet. This is a global emergency about three countries struggling with a deadly disease, countries whose health systems are under immense strain," Jane Moyo, a spokesperson for British charity Action Aid, said.
He followed up his musings with another tweet, perhaps acknowledging his comment was ill-advised, which read: “Let me shut my bl*** *** up!”
The first person who was diagnosed with Ebola in the US died last week and a Dallas nurse who had "extensive contact" with him during his treatment was also infected.

In pics: AP  Odisha reel under the aftermath of HudhudTwo days after cyclone Hudhud battered the coast, residents of Visakhapatnam continue to live in darkness. Communication networks are down too.
To add to their woes, there is acute shortage of drinking water, milk and other essential commodities.
Andhra Pradesh and Odisha have been severely hit, despite thousands of people finding solace in storm shelters and relief camps.
Here are some photos that bring out the plight of those who are recuperating from the damage that Hudhud wrecked upon them.
 
The damaged roof of the Visakhapatnam airport terminal. (AFP Photo/Andhra Pradesh state government)
People rush to a relief camp at Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh. (PTI Photo)
Food packets being prepared for the cyclone affected people in Vishakapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Upturned boats and damaged buildings are pictured along the coast after Hudhud made landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP Photo)
 
A view of Kailashpuri costal area at Visakhapatnam. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
A long queue at petrol pump in Visakhapatnam. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu visits the Hudhud cyclone affected areas in Vishakapatnam. (PTI Photo)
An uprooted tree is pictured across a road in Visakhapatnam. Workers rushed to restore communication and power links and clear roads. (AFP Photo)
An eroded road and boardwalk in Vishakhapatnam. (AFP Photo)
People pass by damaged electric pole in Vishakapatnam on Monday. (PTI Photo)
A picture of the swathe of destruction caused by cyclone Hudhud in Vizag. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
People crowd at a petrol pump to get fuel in Vishakapatnam. (PTI Photo)
People during a cremation ceremony of a 47-year-old man who died in cyclone Hudhud at R K Beach in Visakhapatnam. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
A fisherman walks near the anchored fishing boats as strong winds blow a day after Hudhud pounded the Bay of Bengal coast in Gopalpur, Orissa. (AP Photo/Biswaranjan Rout)
A house in Visakhapatnam that gave way under the storm. (PTI Photo) 
Children of Ramaya Patna village taking cooked food at a shelter center (school building) in Odisha. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)

BJP zeroing in on CM candidates for Haryana  MaharashtraAnil Jain
(BJP has shortlisted a…)
NEW DELHI: Even as Maharashtra and Haryana are set to vote tomorrow to choose their state governments, BJP has started the exercise of zeroing in on its chief ministerial candidates for the two states.
According to sources, BJP has shortlisted a few leaders in both states to lead it after the polls, although party leaders say that any final call would be taken by the elected MLAs and its parliamentary board.
In Maharashtra, BJP state unit president Devendra Fadnavis and Leaders of Opposition in Maharashtra Assembly and Legislative Council, respectively, Eknath Khadse and Vinod Tawde, are tipped as being in the race for the chief ministership in case the party wins majority seats.
In Haryana, state unit chief Rambilas Sharma , BJP legislature party leader Anil Vij and its young face, Capt. Abhimanyu, are among those who are said to be the prominent contenders for the top post.
However, BJP leaders are maintaining that no names for chief ministerial candidates have been discussed so far.
"BJP has neither projected anyone nor decided on a particular leader to be the party's CM candidate in Maharashtra. The party has not taken any conscious call on it.
"Since the party was contesting polls in an alliance with Shiv Sena that was broken at the last minute, BJP got barely any time to discuss the issue. The names doing the rounds in the media are (being circulated) by certain vested interests aiming to harm the party's interest," said BJP General Secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy , the in-charge for party affairs in Maharashtra.
BJP national secretary and co-in-charge of Haryana affairs, Anil Jain , said, "It is the elected MLAs and BJP Parliamentary Board which will take a call on who will be the chief ministerial candidate. No such decision has been taken yet and the names being floated are being done by some vested interests."
Both Rudy and Jain, however, claimed that the party would get a clear majority in Maharashtra and Haryana and form the governments in the two states on its own.
"The campaign has been good and received an encouraging response that could lead to a landslide victory for BJP," Rudy said.
Party leaders in both states, meanwhile, held separate meetings to make last-minute arrangements ahead of the polling tomorrow.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt efforts brought down inflation: Jaitley |  RBI unlikely to cut ratesArun Jaitley
( Finance Minster Arun Jaitley today…)
NEW DELHI: Attributing the fall in inflation to initiatives taken by the government, Finance Minster Arun Jaitley today exuded confidence that the country is on the way to achieve a low and stable price regime.
"It is heartening to note that we have been able to bring food inflation under control. Growth in vegetable and protein prices that have been contributing to the recent increase in inflation rates have shrunk, thanks to the steps taken by the government," he said.
The wholesale price inflation in September dipped to five-year low of 2.38 per cent, while the retail inflation eased to 6.46 per cent, the lowest since the government started releasing the new series of Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) data in January 2012.
"We are confident that soon we will be achieving a low and stable inflation rate," Jaitley said.
The government, he added, was committed to continuing reforms in food markets to improve supply responses and keep inflation low and stable.
At the same time, Jaitley hoped, "fiscal consolidation and a new monetary policy framework will help bring down inflationary expectations".
The government is working on a new monetary policy framework under which it will fix the inflation target for the Reserve Bank to achieve.
Inflation, both wholesale and retail, came down largely due to fall in prices of the essential food items and fuel.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Real estate-led per capita wealth grows to ...Credit Suisse
("In rupee terms, the wealth…)
MUMBAI: Real estate-led the per capita wealth creation of the country's adult population has grown at 8 per cent per annum in the past 14 years to $4,650 (approx Rs 283,650) in mid-2014, says a report.
"In rupee terms, the wealth per adult has grown quite steadily, averaging an 8 per cent on annual basis during 2000-14," Credit Suisse said in its global wealth report 2014.
The report said household wealth in the country is heavily skewed towards property and other real assets, which make up 86 per cent of estimated household assets.
According to the report, the per capita personal debt is only $315 in the country per adult population, even when adjustments are made for the significant underreporting that is believed to affect the household survey used to estimate personal debt.
Credit Suisse said until the global financial crisis, wealth in the country also rose strongly in dollar terms, from $2,040 in 2000 to $5,100 in 2007.
"After falling 25 per cent in 2008, it rebounded, reaching $5,400 in 2010, but then fell 13 per cent in 2011 due to adverse exchange rate movements," the report said.
Depreciation of the rupee has continued since, at a slower rate, so that wealth per adult has not regained its previous peak and was just $4,650 in mid-2014, it said.
The report said while wealth has been rising strongly, and the ranks of the middle class and wealthy have been swelling, not everyone has shared in this growth and there is still a great deal of poverty.
"This is reflected in the fact that population has wealth below $10,000," it said.
The report said the country has 2,38,000 households in the top 1 per cent of global wealth holders, which equates to a 0.5 per cent share.
It estimates that 1,000 adults have wealth over $50 million and 650 own more than $100 million.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Belgian doctor says she  drank vodka  before fatal caesareanBelgian doctor says she 'drank vodka' before fatal caesarean
AFP
print
A Belgian anaesthetist has admitted she drank vodka before assisting at a Caesarean in which a woman of British origin died in France last month, a French court heard Tuesday.
The 45-year-old doctor, who has been in custody since being charged with involuntary manslaughter for her role in the woman's death, appeared in court in the southwestern French city of Pau.
"The night of the incident, I drank half a 50cl (500 ml) bottle of a mixture of vodka and water. I was not drunk, I was at 70 percent of my capacities," investigating judges quoted Helga Wauters as saying during a recent hearing.
"I need vodka so that I don't shake." On September 26, Wauters was called to duty when the 28-year-old went into labour in the town of Orthez near Pau.
She told judges she gave the woman an epidural and went to drink "a glass of rose" with some friends. However the labour did not go as planned and it became clear the woman would need a Caesarean. The medical team called the anaesthetist, who arrived on foot and smelled of alcohol.
While preparing the anaesthetic, the woman's behaviour was reported as "weird" by her colleagues, the court heard. "I was in a daze, overwhelmed, my perception was certainly changed," Wauters said.
Things quickly took a dramatic turn in the operating room. While trying to ventilate the patient, Wauters inserted a tube into her oesophagus instead of her windpipe. Emergency services were called and found "a patient in cardiac arrest, cyanotic (blue) and people present who were doing nothing," according to witnesses quoted by the court.
The patient was taken to a hospital in Pau where she died four days later. The baby survived. When the anaesthetist reported to police a day later she had 2.4 grammes of alcohol per litre of blood, nearly five times the legal limit in France.
She admitted to suffering "a pathological alcohol problem." At her home, investigators found 17 empty bottles of vodka. Wauters has been an anaesthetist since 1994, and had been employed in a clinic near the Orthez hospital for two weeks when the incident took place.

State of govt finances to weigh on bond yield trajectoryState of govt finances to weigh on bond yield trajectory
BS Reporter |  Oct 15, 2014 12:14 AM IST
A decline in inflation, as well as excess liquidity, has resulted in the yield on the benchmark 10-year government bond falling about 10 basis points in the past four weeks. While the yield might continue to fall, it is expected the state of government finances — tax collections and whether or not the disinvestment target is met — will also weigh on its direction.
On Tuesday, the government securities market opened on a strong note, following lower-than-expected retail inflation for September and a strong opening for the rupee. The market largely remained positive, as data on wholesale inflation, released later, showed it had fallen in September.
In intra-day trade, the yield on the 10-year benchmark bond touched 8.36 per cent. However, the market shed its gains due to profit-booking by market participants. At close, the yield stood at 8.4 per cent.
“We have seen the benchmark bond yield softening in the past few sessions due to lower inflation and surplus liquidity. Going forward, tax revenues and the performance on the disinvestment front will influence bond markets,” said Aditi Nayar, senior economist at rating agency Icra.
A senior treasury executive at State Bank of India said the yield would fall further in a gradual manner, reflecting the market sentiment on inflation, liquidity and the macroeconomy. To avoid excess volatility, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)might not allow sharp movements in either direction.
In a note, STCI Primary Dealer said a dovish stance by RBI, coupled with status quo on key policy rates, could keep the yield on the benchmark 10-year government bond at 8.35-8.45 per cent in the near term.
The next couple of readings on the wholesale and retail inflation fronts are likely to be markedly benign. As such, RBI will want to await further data points for clarity on whether its target of six per cent retail inflation by January 2016 will be met.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch said it continued to expect the yield on the 10-year bond to stand at 8-8.25 per cent in March, adding the unexpected open market operations sale by RBI signalled its intent to keep the yield at about 8.5 per cent for now.

DLF an example of why realty needs a watchdogDLF an example of why realty needs a watchdog
IndiGo could place big aircraft order by early 2015  say sourcesIndiGo could place big aircraft order by early 2015, say sources
Reuters |  Oct 15, 2014 12:35 AM IST
Low-cost carrier IndiGo is close to placing a large order worth billions of dollars for a variety of aircraft and could reach a decision as early as 2015, according to industry sources.
IndiGo, India's largest airline by market share, could pick up a combination of regional planes that can seat up to 100 passengers, narrowbody aircraft such as the Airbus Group A320s that it already operates, and wide-body jets for launching medium- to long-haul services, said Binit Somia, the director of South Asia at industry consultancy Capa, at a conference on Tuesday. He added that an order was imminent. Two other industry sources familiar with orders by Indian airlines confirmed that the airline was actively looking for aircraft and could make a decision by early 2015. Both sources declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak to the media. Officials from IndiGo, India's only profitable carrier, and Airbus could not be reached for comment. Any plans for widebody aircraft would mark a switch in IndiGo's business model, which has so far focused on domestic and international flights of up to five hours, and make it the first Indian long-haul, low-cost airline.

Be mindful of your conduct  says Modisports event
‘A mistake by one sportsperson can bring a bad name to the country’
Felicitating the Incheon Asian Games medal winners over breakfast at his residence here on Tuesday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that sportspersons bring pride to the country and should be mindful of their conduct.
The Prime Minister said no country could go forward without self-respect and pride. He said when Mangalyaan successfully reached Mars, it was the achievement of the scientists, but a matter of pride for all Indians and brought global recognition for India.
Respect and pride
Similarly, a sportsperson’s achievements bring respect and pride for all Indians. A mistake by one sportsperson can bring a bad name to the country, the Prime Minister said.
Modi appreciated the efforts of boxing icon M.C. Mary Kom and cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar in the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan’ and said they had much greater visibility than a Prime Minister wielding the broom.
He said sportspersons do as much for the country as political leaders.
Modi suggested that top sportspersons who could speak well should deliver talks in universities as this would inspire the youth.
The Prime Minister urged the assembled sportspersons to feel free to give their suggestions to him and call on him personally if they had anything specific to talk about. He said they should consider him their ‘friend’.
Modi said he wanted to see India excel in sports and hoped that the enthusiastic and spirited athletes would bring good results for the country.
Referring to sports being part of Indian culture, the Prime Minister cited the instances of a stadium being discovered by archaeologists in Dholavira near Kutch and texts of Ramayana and Mahabharata stressing physical activity as part of education.
“But we have not geared ourselves up to compete globally so far,” he said, adding that the situation was slowly changing.
Modi said India was tying up with other countries for development of sports. He was happy that the corporate world was coming forward to promote sports.
Additional grant
Union Sports Minister Sarbananda Sonowal said the Prime Minister was always keen about the performance of the athletes and provided an additional grant of Rs. 450 crore, “which was unheard of in the past”.
Sonowal, however, admitted that India’s medal tally of 11 gold, 10 silver and 36 bronze in the Asian Games was “below our expectation”.
“This only shows that the competition in the international arena is getting tougher every day and we have to work harder. No athlete can rest on his laurels and we have to put extra effort to achieve excellence in sports,” said Sonowal.
Sharing photos with the athletes. Do identify athletes from your states & share your good wishes with them. pic.twitter.com/0aI2x9fdtu

India loses WTO dispute over curbs on US poultryIndia loses WTO dispute over bird flu curbs on US poultry
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 14, 2014
First Published: 21:13 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:17 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
The World Trade Organization (WTO) on Tuesday handed India a major setback ruling against its ban on US poultry products, calling it “inconsistent” with international norms and lacking scientific basis.
The ruling has the potential to significantly destabilise Indian poultry industry, and domestic producers fear they will be at grave risk against their better organised Americans rivals.
By US estimates American poultry produces are losing close to $300 million in annual business because of the ban India imposed seven year ago to check against avian influenza.
“India's Avian Influenza measures are inconsistent with (several articles)....of the SPS (sanitary and phyto-sanitary) Agreement because they are not based on the relevant international standard,” a WTO panel ruled in Geneva.
Indian officials said they will “study and review the ruling”, but the government they will be under pressure to appeal, or announce additional steps to protect domestic producers.
Poultry Federation of India Chairman JS Dhull said that the order would have a major impact on the domestic industry if the government does not take some other remedial measures like anti-dumping duty or increase in import duty.
The US was quick to welcome the ruling. “This is a major victory for American farmers,” said US trade representative Mike Froman in a statement.
“The WTO panel agreed with the US case that India lacks any scientific basis to restrict US agricultural products, including US poultry products.”
The US took the issue to WTO in 2012, challenging the ban.
“The United States, however, has not had an outbreak of high pathogenic avian influenza (HPAI) since 2004, while during that same interval India has had over 90 HPAI outbreaks,” the US said.
(with PTI inputs)

Up  down  up  down: Dow closes slightly lowerTuesday, 14 Oct 2014 |  4:00  PM ET
CNBC.com
Volatility about fear not fundamentals: Strategist
Discussing market volatility across sectors, with James Liu, JPMorgan Funds global market strategist.
U.S. stocks mostly advanced on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite halting their worst three-day rout since 2011, with the energy sector slammed along with the price of oil, as investors considered earnings from banking powerhouses JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup and Wells Fargo and waiting to hear from Intel.
"Today was a transition day, it was important to show some sort of a gain after a strong start. But what you're seeing is fear about the Fed going away at the end of the month, this is a lot about trying to see true valuations of these stocks," said JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade.
JPMorgan Chase edged lower after reporting earnings that missed and revenue that beat estimates; Citigroup rose after topping expectations on both the top and bottom lines; Wells Fargo declined after matching profit estimates and reporting revenue just above expectations. Johnson & Johnson erased gains that came after with the diversified health-care company's earnings.
"After the unrelenting selling pressure we've seen over the last few weeks, in the near term we are very oversold. It's hard to know how long a bounce from an oversold position can hold," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities.
"Earnings are coming in reasonably good, but the market is a forward-looking mechanism, so it is really a reaction to the outlook for fourth-quarter earnings and 2015," said Jim Russell, senior equity strategist for US Bank Wealth Management.
"We're hopeful that this is more than a technical bounce, as of the open, the S&P 500 was 6.9 percent from its high, but it feels like more than that because of the violence of the decline and the volatility associated with it," said Russell.
After ending at its highest level since June 2012 the prior day, the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), a measure of investor uncertainty, on Tuesday fell 7.5 percent to 23.79.
"If in fact we have a deflationary global slowdown trade, it's only exacerbated by weak data out of Germany," added Hogan of a gauge of investor confidence in Germany, which fell to a two-year low in October. The German government also cut is 2014 economic-growth outlook for the euro-zone's largest economy.
Symbol

Revealed: Why Jean Tirole won this year s economics NobelWhy French economist won Nobel Prize
Recommend
Link
1 month 13 days ago, Reuters Videos
This year's Nobel Prize for Economics is awarded to French economist Jean Tirole, for his work on the regulation of powerful firms and markets. Joel Flynn reports.
More on Reuters Videos:
ET NOW - 13 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Maharashtras most hotly contested electionUpdated: October 15, 2014 03:42 IST
Maharashtra’s most hotly contested election
Priyanka Kakodkar
regional elections
Mr. Uddhav Thackeray’s estranged cousin Raj Thackeray, who leads the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, sought space in the political spotlight by sharpening his anti-migrant stance
Right until the eve of Maharashtra’s most hotly contested election, there was no let-up from the principal players. The Shiv Sena took its tirade against former ally, the BJP, to a new low in an interview by party chief Uddhav Thackeray to the party newspaper, Saamna, referring to Prime Minister Narendra Modi as a “chaiwalla” (tea-seller). “He has said that if a chaiwalla can be the Prime Minister, then why can’t I be the Chief Minister?” Saamna editor and party MP Sanjay Raut told the media. The interview will be published on Wednesday.
Mr. Uddhav Thackeray’s estranged cousin Raj Thackeray, who leads the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, sought space in the political spotlight by sharpening his anti-migrant stance. In an exclusive interview to The Hindu, he said he would not apologise to the Election Commission which has sent him a notice charging him with violating the Model Code of Conduct in his poll rallies in Mumbai. Mr Thackeray had said that if he came to power, only local Marathis would get jobs in Maharashtra.
Former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan sparked a major controversy after an interview to an English daily in which he declared that he did not act against former Congress Chief Ministers Ashok Chavan and Vilasrao Deshmukh in the Adarsh scam to save the party from being “decimated.” He later claimed his comments had been distorted.

Birla in race for Holcim  Lafarge units up for saleBirla in race for Holcim  Lafarge units up for sale
Photos: Cyclone Hudhud rips off airport roofCrime
Photos: Hudhud rips through Visakhapatnam airport
Cyclone Hudhud severely damaged Visakhapatnam airport, blowing the roof top. Airport authorities cancelled all flights from and to the city as a precaution. The extent of the damage to the facility may delay the restoration of the overall operations. The Visakhapatnam airport is the most important and biggest in Andhra Pradesh, with major domestic and international flights operating in and out of the facility.
This Monday, Oct. 13, 2014 photo shows the Vishakapatnam airport building that was damaged by Cyclone Hudhud in Vishakapatnam, India. Rescue workers and soldiers cleared uprooted trees and electrical ... more 
This Monday, Oct. 13, 2014 photo shows the Vishakapatnam airport building that was damaged by Cyclone Hudhud in Vishakapatnam, India. Rescue workers and soldiers cleared uprooted trees and electrical poles blocking roads in eastern India after a tropical cyclone killed at least 24 people and demolished tens of thousands of mud huts. (AP Photo/Press Trust of India) INDIA OUT less 
1 / 30
Associated Press | Photo by Press Trust of India
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 1:18 PM IST

There is a sign of optimism in India:PranabThere is a sign of optimism in India:Pranab
Rise in gold  crude imports lifts trade deficit to $14.2bRise in gold  crude imports lifts trade deficit to $14.2b
How Hackers Got Your Passwords for Snapchat and DropboxSomeone's looking where they shouldn't be.
Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Business Insider.
On Monday an anonymous hacker claimed to be in possession of 7 million passwords to Dropbox accounts. While that claim was probably false, it demonstrates the increasingly common way that hackers are using to gain access to your passwords.
Advertisement
The hacker posted around 400 usernames and passwords on anonymous note site Pastebin in a series of "teasers" for the main list. Some Reddit users were able to successfully log into Dropbox using the information posted before the company deactivated all of the leaked passwords. 
But Dropbox was quick to cast doubt on the claims , denying that it had been hacked and claiming that many of the usernames and passwords were not even related to Dropbox accounts.
So where do the passwords come from? After all, they worked, for a time.
The most likely source of the information is a third-party site that had poor security. Hackers know that most internet users re-use their passwords, so they often target smaller apps made by amateur developers. These easy targets have poor security — so usernames, passwords or files may be stored in a way that's easy for hackers to steal them.
The recent Snapchat hack , which saw nearly 100,000 private photos and videos posted online, happened because an amateur developer hadn't securely set up his website. In a post on the Snapsaved Facebook page , the site's anonymous founder explains that a mis-configured Apache server left the files vulnerable to hackers.
Hackers don't need to try and target the tech giants anymore. Why bother trying to hack into Google, Apple or Facebook's servers when you can simply take advantage of a poorly built website to get the same information?
We're now seeing hackers use a new approach. Instead of spending months finding vulnerabilities in large sites, they re-use login information stolen from amateur third-party apps. Chances are that the information works for several sites, so compiling these caches of data together can quickly create a list of millions of passwords.
In September, Russian hackers published a list of 5 million passwords to a variety of different email providers, including Gmail. It wasn't a new leak, but a collection of older password leaks compiled together to seem new. Sure, many of the email accounts had closed, but the information could still be downloaded and used by hackers to break into other accounts.
So why are hackers re-using old information? There's rarely evidence that they actually use the passwords to log into sites. Instead, it seems like they just post the information online. Or at least, they post some of the information online. As we mentioned before, hackers leak partial collection of passwords as "teasers." This is often accompanied by a request for Bitcoin donations.
We can use the public nature of Bitcoin addresses to see just how much hackers gain for posting passwords online. It's often less than they expect to receive. The hacker who shared the collection of Dropbox passwords received just 8 cents . Similarly, OriginalGuy, the anonymous forum poster behind the first wave of hacked iCloud celebrity photos, expressed dismay at the small trickle of donations that came his way, remarking:
Sure, I got $120 with my Bitcoin address, but when you consider how much time was spent acquiring this stuff (I'm not the hacker, just a collector), and the money (I paid a lot via Bitcoin as well to get certain sets when this stuff was being privately traded on Friday/Saturday) I really didn't get close to what I was hoping for.
We're seeing more and more passwords leak online. Amateur developers aren't stepping up password security, and existing leaks continue to resurface. While the information made public is often several years out of date (many of the emails posted along with the Dropbox passwords were deactivated in 2012), it's still valuable to hackers compiling large lists of email addresses and passwords to be used in attacks against other sites.
And, just in case it isn't clear, this is your fault, too: If you're using the same passwords over and over with different apps then hackers don't need to get into Apple or Facebook's servers to find them. They simply identify the smaller apps with the weakest password security.

Sept WPI hits 5-year low on decline in food & fuel pricesSept WPI hits 5-year low on decline in food & fuel prices
Two more SAP buddies join Sikka at InfosysTwo more SAP buddies join Sikka at Infosys
From the Third pole to the North PoleUpdated: October 15, 2014 02:12 IST
World View
From the Third pole to the North Pole
Børge Brende
conservation
India would be an ideal partner in international efforts on integrated ocean management and environmental protection
Climate change is a global challenge. But the impacts of climate change are also local. The effects of climate change were first seen in polar regions such as Svalbard, and the effects there are more radical than anywhere else. There are strong indications that changes in the Arctic could have direct impacts on the Indian monsoon. This highlights the importance of Indian research in Svalbard, which dates back to 2008.
Research in Svalbard
Science is the backbone of Indo-Norwegian cooperation in the Arctic. Indian scientists are conducting important research at the Himadri Station in Svalbard, a Norwegian archipelago situated halfway between mainland Norway and the North Pole. For example on July 23 this year, Indian scientists deployed India’s first sub-surface ocean moored observatory 192 metres below sea level in the Arctic waters of Svalbard. Through the activities at the Himadri Station, and drawing on their experience from both Antarctica and the “third pole” in the Himalayas, Indian polar researchers are contributing significantly to scientific advancements in this field. Norway and India have benefited from scholarly exchanges for many years. One example is the close collaboration between the National Centre for Antarctic and Ocean Research and the Norwegian Polar Institute in Tromsø and the Fridtjof Nansen Institute in Oslo. Further, Norway’s Institute for Defence Research and Analysis is a key partner in the research project AsiArctic. Our well-established Joint Working Group on Science and Technology is also discussing new opportunities for increased scientific cooperation.
The melting of the polar ice cap has opened new possibilities for commercial activity. With oil, gas, and mineral fields becoming accessible, and shipping lanes opening up from Europe to Asia, offshore traffic in the Arctic is already growing. It is crucial that shipping in the Arctic Ocean complies with the highest safety and environmental standards. Norway has played an active role in the International Maritime Organization in promoting the development of a mandatory polar code. We would welcome the active participation of India in these efforts. It is in our common interest to work towards international standards and sound management of one of the planet’s most fragile ecosystems.
In recent decades, Norway’s maritime industries have developed cutting-edge knowledge and technology, which is being used by Indian yards building ships for Norwegian owners. Innovation and technology development in this sector may well make it possible to address the offshore challenges ahead. Working together, Norway and India are well positioned to make substantial contributions in this area.
Although Norway’s oil industry is accustomed to operating in cold climates, a broader orientation towards the north makes it necessary to take a more integrated approach. Environmental concerns, as well as the need to safeguard the health and safety of personnel and ensure adequate search and rescue systems, are posing new challenges to the industry. This is already driving technological innovation.
We need to strike a balance between exploiting economic opportunities and meeting our environmental responsibilities. In Norway, we have developed an integrated management framework for sustainable use of natural resources that ensures that the cumulative effects of various activities do not threaten the marine environment. Norway is willing to share its experience of developing and implementing integrated ocean management plans with other nations facing similar challenges in their waters. India, with its impressive coastline and substantial coastal shipping, would be an ideal partner in international efforts on integrated ocean management and environmental protection.
The age of the Arctic
With strong Norwegian support, India made a successful bid for permanent observer status to the Arctic Council last year. In June 2013, India was the first of the new observer states to make a ministerial visit to Svalbard and the Arctic Council in Tromsø, which was headed by the former Minister of External Affairs, Salman Khurshid. The Arctic Council has become the most important political arena for discussions of shared challenges in the Arctic. It is the only body that brings together all the Arctic states as well as representatives of indigenous peoples. Cooperation in the Arctic Council needs to develop in line with the changes taking place in the Arctic, changes that could have potentially dramatic consequences for both our countries. Norway looks forward to Indian scientific participation in the working groups on climate change under the Arctic Council. Norway is very pleased that President Mukherjee is visiting Norway, and proud to be India’s trusted partner in Arctic matters. The ongoing cooperation between our countries will be presented to the President during his visit. In addition, he will open a research and business seminar for Indian and Norwegian scientists, academics, business representatives and government officials. The President also met the Indian researchers and students in Svalbard on video link.
It will be important to bring the results of our joint climate research efforts to the global stage. Cooperation between two countries that lie thousands of miles apart underlines the truly global reach of climate change. Our collaboration in the Arctic could be a crucial contribution to the global effort to address these global challenges.
(Børge Brende is Foreign Minister of Norway.)

Samsung launches Note 4  Gear SSamsung launches Note 4  Gear S
Webcast Alert: Usinas Siderurgicas de Minas Gerais S.A. - USIMINAS Announces Third Quarter 2014 Results WebcastWebcast Alert: Usinas Siderurgicas de Minas Gerais S.A. - USIMINAS Announces Third Quarter 2014 Results Webcast
UPDATE 8-Oil rout unrelenting  hits $86 on dim demand view  rising shaleUPDATE 8-Oil rout unrelenting  hits $86 on dim demand view  rising shale
Sultan of Brunei in frame as troubled India group unloads assetsSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Ebola suit maker s stock rockets 274%SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Ebola fears are spreading across the globe. Most people try to protect themselves. Investors look for stocks connected with the disease.
There’s no cure for Ebola. Hopefully one is in the works. Currently, the best way to not die from Ebola is not getting it. That’s why a big winner is Lakeland Industries (LAKE) . The company makes hazmat suits. The stock is one of the biggest winners on the market. Shares were up 274% this year before Tuesday’s trading began. Shares fell $7.57, or 26%, to $21.43 Tuesday as Ebola fears cooled a bit.
Investors see demand growing for face masks, too. And that’s why Alpha Pro Tech (APT) , a maker of protective gear such as facemasks, is up. Shares are up 245% this year.
But the end game is to wipe this disease off the face of the earth. There’s a long list of companies working on a cure. Hopes were high for shares of Chimerix (CMRX) . The company’s Ebola treatment was given to the first patient in Dallas. But after the patient died, investors backed off. There’s a long list of public companies working on the problem. Companies like Tekmira (TKMR) , Hemispherx (HEB), Newlink (NLNK) , BioCryst (BRCX) , Inovio (INO) and Sarepta (SRPT) .
And there are some other less obvious plays. The ZMapp drug is considered by some to be promising. It’s being developed by a private company called Leaf. It’s made from the tobacco plant. A unit of publicly traded Reynolds American (RAI) makes the drug.
These are almost all speculative plays — and not appropriate for investors other than those that can tolerate great risk.
Whether or not you make money on Ebola – let’s hope it gets cured. Soon.

After Posting a Profit Rise  RIL Plans to Invest $9 BillionAfter Posting a Profit Rise  RIL Plans to Invest $9 Billion
Bandekar Brothers losses rights on iron ore inventoryBandekar Brothers losses rights on iron ore inventory
UN s Ban urges probe into Gaza school shellingUN s Ban urges probe into Gaza school shelling
JPMorgan: No absolute protection from cyberattacksSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
JPMorgan Chase, the banking giant hit by one of the largest cyberattacks in corporate history, can’t guarantee total protection from losses caused by data breaches, CEO Jamie Dimon said Tuesday.
The New York City-based bank will invest on “any and all things we need to do” to combat the attack and repair the breach, Dimon said during a conference call with Wall Street analysts to discuss JPMorgan’s third-quarter earnings. That includes a likely doubling of spending on cybersecurity safeguards over the next four to five years, he said.
But there’s no “absolute,” he cautioned.
“We do think that, unfortunately, there are going to be some wins and losses in this,” said Dimon. “We don’t want to be sitting here saying you will absolutely be protected because it would put you in a false sense of security.”
The comments followed JPMorgan’s Oct. 2 disclosure that the attack, first announced in July, compromised user contact information for 76 million households and seven million small businesses. That information included name, address, phone number, email address and internal JPMorgan information, the bank said in the disclosure.
“To date we have not observed elevated levels of fraud related to his matter,” Marianne Lake, the bank’s chief financial officer, told analysts during Tuesday’s conference call.
However, Lake warned that JPMorgan faces “relentless, constant and evolving” waves of cyberattacks.
Potential safeguards being weighed by the bank include so-called tokenization — a procedure in which a unique identifying number assigned to each transaction is transmitted electronically, rather than a credit card number or bank account data.
Tokenization “avoids a certain type of fraud but not other types of fraud,” Dimon cautioned.
“It’s going to be a long battle,” he said.

These tech company employees are on a missionUpdated: October 15, 2014 02:51 IST
These tech company employees are on a mission
Shankar Bennur
Tweet
Reuters The team from Infosys, not only reaches patients through dedicated bimonthly blood donation camps but also takes the opportunity to drum up awareness on the importance of blood donation.
The team’s first blood donation drive seven years ago witnessed a registration of 50 donors. Now, the count is anywhere between 600 to 700 donors.
Seven years, 5,523 units of blood and thousands of beneficiaries. This has been possible owing to a group of Infosys employees from the Mysore campus whose mission is blood donation.
The team from Infosys, in association with Rotary Mysore, Chandrakala Hospital, Mysore, and Rashtrotthana Blood Bank, Bangalore, not only reaches patients through dedicated bimonthly blood donation camps but also takes the opportunity to drum up awareness on the importance of blood donation.
First donation drive
The team’s first blood donation drive seven years ago witnessed a registration of 50 donors. Now, the count is anywhere between 600 to 700 donors.
“Not just mainstream employees, even support staff are inspired to actively participate in our campaigns,” said Avinash Puranik of the team, in a release here.
The team, the release added, had been spreading the message that donating blood once in three or four months would reduce the chance of heart attack by 80 per cent, a healthy person regained the amount of blood donated in 24 to 48 hours, and 25 per cent of the extracted blood at a blood donation camp went to the nearest government hospital free of cost.
In the release, Sridhar, president, Rotary Mysore, said: “Because of the awareness created amongst the Infoscians, it has become easy to reach out to donors during emergencies when blood is needed.”
Narasimha Shastri of Rashtrotthana Blood Bank also lauded the efforts of the Infosys employees. “Thalassemia patients need blood refill every month or once in 20 days. Infosys volunteers are also there to count on, whenever required,” Mr. Shastri said, in the release.

WPI inflation nears five-year low; trade deficit widensWPI inflation nears five-year low; trade deficit widens
Trade Deficit Widens to $14.2 Billion in September; Exports Up 2.73 Per CentTrade Deficit Widens to $14.2 Billion in September; Exports Up 2.73 Per Cent
Government s intervention on pricing by e-tailing firms a welcome move: CEAMAGovernment s intervention on pricing by e-tailing firms a welcome move: CEAMA
Northrop Grumman Unveils High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle Modernization SolutionNorthrop Grumman Unveils High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle Modernization Solution
IFCI Invokes 1 Lakh Shares of Bhushan SteelIFCI Invokes 1 Lakh Shares of Bhushan Steel
Sebi ruling negative for DLFSebi ruling negative for DLF
Won t allow anti-India activities from our s...Bangladesh
(In 131st Assembly of IPU,…)
GENEVA: Bangladesh today assured India that it will not allow its territory to be used for extremist activities against India.
The assurance was given by Bangladesh Speaker Shirin Sharmin Chaudhury during her meeting with Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan on the sidelines of the 131st Assembly of the Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) here.
Mahajan took the opportunity to express India's readiness to take Parliamentary cooperation to a higher level through greater exchanges among Parliamentarians and offered training to members and officers of Bangladesh Parliament.
"The Bangladesh Speaker assured her (Mahajan) that the people and government of Bangladesh would never allow any extremist activity against India to take roots on the Bangladeshi soil," a Lok Sabha Secretariat release said.
Thanking India for its support during elections for the post of chairperson of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association, Bangladesh also said that it would extend all support to India in the Commonwealth.
Mahajan said that India gives utmost importance to its relationship with its neighbours.
"While assuring her Bangladesh counterpart that India supported the government and people of Bangladesh in addressing the common challenges confronting the two countries, Mahajan said that the Indian Parliament will be happy to offer training to the Members and officers of the Bangladesh Parliament ," the official statement said.
She (Mahajan) also expressed her desire to take parliamentary cooperation to a higher level through greater exchanges among Parliamentarians.
She highlighted that in India, legislations and policies have helped in creating a conducive environment for empowering women economically and socially.
Mahajan said that India was proactively working for providing one third reservation for women in Parliament and Legislative Assemblies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Citigroup says goodbye to 11 countriesCitigroup says goodbye to 11 countries
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 October 14, 2014: 12:10 PM ET
 
Bank earnings: Good but not great
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Citigroup, the U.S. bank with the broadest global reach, isn't so keen on globalization these days. It's pulling out of 11 countries.
The global retreat is occurring in Citi's ( C ) consumer banking division and impacts the Czech Republic, Egypt and Japan. The moves are aimed at narrowing the bank's focus to the markets where it has a competitive advantage.
Citi did not announce plans to scale back its significant presence in Russia despite recent tensions between the U.S. and Moscow.
"I am committed to simplifying our company and allocating our finite resources to where we can generate the best returns for our shareholders," Citi CEO Michael Corbat said in a statement.
Related: JPMorgan trims legal costs, returns to profit
Citi said its consumer banking division will still serve nearly 57 million clients in 24 markets that capture 95% of its existing revenue base.
The bank expects to complete its global slim down by the end of 2015, subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals.
The other markets impacted by the move are Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guam, Guatemala, Hungary, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru and the consumer finance business in Korea. Citi previously shut down its operations in Greece, Spain and Turkey.
Citi's decision to narrow its global footprint is a positive, but the bank needs to reveal more details about how it could reinvest in strategic growth areas, analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods wrote in a note.
Related: Extreme fear grips the stock market
Not so sunny Mexico: Citi also revealed plans to pull the plug on a division of its Banamex unit in Mexico that provided personal security services.
The company said an independent investigation uncovered illegal conduct, including fraud in the range of $15 million, the "unauthorized providing of security services to outside parties" as well as the "use of intercepted telecommunications."
It's not clear what communications were intercepted and New York-based Citi declined to provide further comment. Citi did say that it is working with authorities in the U.S. and Mexico to hold the individuals who have conducted the illegal activities accountable.
"While the fraud is not financially material, the conduct of the individuals involved is appalling," Corbat said.
Related: Abigail Johnson becomes Fidelity CEO
Trading revenue bounces: Citi's shares ticked about 2% higher on Tuesday after reporting third-quarter numbers that surpassed Wall Street's expectations.
Profits increased and revenue jumped 9% to $19.6 billion, driven in part by a steady increase in trading revenue, especially on the equity side.
Citi also benefited from increased IPO and merger activity. Investment banking revenue jumped 32% thanks to a 90% surge in advisory revenue and a 51% rise in equity underwriting revenue.
First Published: October 14, 2014: 9:30 AM ET
Most Popular

Haryana: Parties nervous about future alliancesHaryana: Parties nervous about future alliances
Two more SAP execs Ritika Suri & Abdul Razack join Vishal Sikka at InfosysYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Two more SAP executives Ritika Suri & Abdul Razack join Vishal Sikka at Infosys
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Oct 15, 2014, 01.26AM IST
Tags:
Abdul Razack
(With the addition of Ritika…)
BANGALORE: Two more former colleagues from SAP have joined Vishal Sikka , becoming part of a team that is seen helping him implement a plan to transform Infosys into what the new CEO has described as a "next-generation IT services company."
With the addition of Ritika Suri and Abdul Razack , five senior executives from SAP have switched loyalties to Infosys since August 1, when Sikka took over as the first non-founder CEO of India's second-largest software company.
Suri and Razack, both senior vice presidents , will be stationed in Palo Alto, California. Sikka, the main architect of SAP's blockbuster HANA platform for realtime data analytics, is also based in there. All five will report to the former SAP board member , who has been tasked with returning Infosys to industry leadership after three years of lagging competitors such as Tata Consultancy Services and Cognizant .
"The move by the SAP executives conveys that they have confidence in Vishal's prospects to achieve a turnaround," said Rod Bourgeois, Founder and Head of Research at US-based DeepDive Equity Research.
When Sikka announced Infosys' second quarter results last week, the company maintained its revenue growth forecast of 7-9 per cent for the year, but investors have been cheered by a generous interim dividend and a share bonus. On the other hand, Nasscom expects the industry to grow by 13-15 per cent, meaning Infosys and Sikka have a lot of ground to cover.
Srikantan Moorthy, executive vice president and head of human resources, said Infosys attracts top-level talent from all organisations and that its relationship with SAP is "very, very strong." The Bangalore-based company will "continue to build on that relationship in different forms, whether it is on the human resources side in terms of their processes or the products they have built," he said.
Earlier in September, Sanjay Rajagopalan, Navin Budhiraja and Michael Reh joined Infosys from SAP. Rajagopalan is helping Infosys implement Design Thinking, a user-centric problemsolving approach, while Reh has been tasked to revive the company's core banking product Finacle, whose revenue shrank 5.4 per cent in the second quarter.
Although the company has not announced Budhiraja's role yet, the former chief architect at SAP's SuccessFactors is expected to help in the roll-out of new technologies, including adoption of artificial intelligence and automation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Petrol price cut by Re 1/L | Cut in diesel p...You are here: Home > Collections
Petrol price cut by Re 1 per litre
PTI Oct 14, 2014, 09.54PM IST
Tags:
Indian Oil Corp
(State-owned oil firms,…)
NEW DELHI: Petrol price was today cut by Re 1 a litre, but the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years will have to wait till completion of assembly polls.
State-owned oil firms, which cut petrol price by 54 paisa on October 1, reduced rates by another Re 1 per litre, excluding local sales tax or VAT , with effect from midnight tonight, Indian Oil Corp (IOC) announced here.
The price revision was due tomorrow evening but was announced today ahead of polling in Maharashtra and Haryana.
After accounting for the incidence of local sales tax, petrol rate in Delhi was reduced by Rs 1.21 a litre to Rs 66.65 per litre, according to Indian Oil Corp (IOC), the nation's largest fuel retailer.
In Mumbai, petrol price was cut from Rs 75.73 to Rs 74.46 per litre.
"Since last price change, international petrol prices have continued to show a downward trend. However, the INR-USD exchange rate has depreciated. Despite INR-USD depreciation, the fall in international oil prices warrant a decrease in selling price of petrol in the domestic market.
"Thus a downward revision in selling price of petrol by Re 1.00 /litre (excluding state levies) is being effected from midnight of 14th/15th Oct'14. With this price revision, Retail Selling Price at Delhi shall decrease by Rs 1.21/litre (including VAT), with corresponding decrease in other states," IOC said.
A Rs 2.50 per litre cut in diesel prices, the first in over four years, is likely after results of assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana are announced on Sunday.
Diesel, the nation's most consumed fuel that has a direct bearing on prices of essential commodities as it is the preferred fuel for the transport sector, is regulated or controlled by the government.
The fall in international oil rates last month led to situation where state-owned oil firms started making profit on diesel sales, the first time in history.
However, the benefit could not be passed on to consumers as the model code of conduct had come into place with the announcement of elections to Maharashtra and Haryana assemblies.
Since reduction in rates would have been a new policy, a revision was deferred.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ban on Thappattam strikes a blow to Dalits livelihoodUpdated: October 15, 2014 03:39 IST
Ban on “Thappattam” strikes a blow to Dalits’ livelihood
Special Correspondent
'Thappattam' performers at the Ramanathapuram Collectorate. Photo: L. Balachandar
TOPICS
social issue
Playing ‘thappattam’ was a profession of Dalit youths in more than dozen villages and the ban had virtually rendered them jobless
The decision by the administration and police to ban the use of ‘thappattam’ and ‘Vadipatti melam’ during religious and temple festivals in Ramanathapuram district has spelt doom to about 2,000 Dalit families, which eked a living by playing drums during festivals.
Playing ‘thappattam’ was a profession of Dalit youths in more than dozen villages and the ban had virtually rendered them jobless, said Nila Selvam, president of Nila Kalaikuzhu Ilaignar Narpani Mandram.
‘Thappattam’ was not just drum-beating but part of the tradition and culture practised by the Dalit community and the ban sought to abolish the culture,” Mr. Selvam, who has petitioned the Collector to lift the ban, said.
They were seen as untouchables on the one side, but invited by the caste Hindus to perform ‘thappattam’ during various religious and temple festivals.
They also perform at cremation ceremonies, he said, adding their performance was also called ‘paraiattam,’ ‘Vadipatti thappu’ and ‘piper thappu’.
He said the Madurai Bench of the Madras High Court had banned playing of ‘Vadipatti melam’ and ‘Chendai melam’ during Vinayaka Chathurthi procession, but allowed the melams at the start and end of the procession.
However, the district police banned all kinds of melams and the Dalits could not visit any village, carrying the drums, Mr. Selvam said. When the police banned the ‘melam’ in functions organised by communal outfits, they welcomed the same and cooperated with the police, but they paid a heavy price when the police banned their performance at religious and temple festivals, he said.
He said the Mandram headed by him has about 2,000 members, mostly youngsters who depend fully on ‘thappattam’ for their livelihood. A group of six persons got about Rs. 5,000 for a performance lasting about six to eight hours.
For religious festivals, they performed for two days and got payment of Rs. 10,000, he said.
Pointing out that ban was in force only in this district, Mr. Selvam urged the Collector to lift the ban and save the lives of 2,000 families. “Thappattam being our livelihood, the district administration should protect our livelihood,” the performers said.

Oil prices tumble 4% on lower demand outlookCrude oil tanks again, drowning oil producer stocks
By: Gary Strauss October 14, 2014 5:05 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
AFP/Getty
Another slump in crude oil prices pummeled the energy sector Tuesday.
Benchmark West Texas sank 4% to $82.32 a barrel – a 28-month low – while Brent Intermediate lost 3.4% to $85.12, a fresh four-year low. The slide came after the International Energy Agency cut its outlook for oil demand growth by more than 20% while reporting that September oil production had jumped.
“It’s really a perfect storm or negativity,” says Nasdaq energy analyst Tamar Essner. “There’s a lot of data that’s really bearish – the strengthening dollar and the sense that Saudi Arabia is not going to cut production to support prices. It seems like the market is trending lower from here. It doesn’t seem like were bottoming.”
Before Tuesday’s selling spree, oil futures had already fallen more than 20% from mid-June 2014 peaks, due to surging production in North Americ and price-cutting by key exporters Iraq, Iran and Saudi Arabia.
The carnage in crude spilled over to wholesale gasoline prices, which dropped  7 cents to $2.18 a gallon. That’s likely to continue putting pressure on retail prices, now averaging $3.18 a gallon. Price tracker gasbuddy.com says pump prices could drop another 20 cents or more by early November.
While consumers may have more money in their pockets, slide energy costs mean less profits for energy producers stocks. Drillers, suppliers and other energy producers experienced a fresh round of selling Tuesday.
Among the losers:
Chesapeake Energy CHK , down 6% Monday, fell 2% to $17.49.   ConocoPhillips COP  fell 3% to $66.20. Midstates Petroleum MPO sank 27% to $2.35. Hercules Offshore HERO dropped 16% to $1.47 and Hess, HES down 6% Monday, lost another 2.4% to $75.91. But Goodrich Petroleum, GDP   down 29% Monday, recovered 6% to $8.10.
Follow stocks on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

Petrol price reduced by Rs 1 per litrePetrol price reduced by Rs 1 per litre
Quantum Dots: Global Market Growth and Future Commercial Prospects 2014Quantum Dots: Global Market Growth and Future Commercial Prospects 2014
India s large firms look abroad to raise revenuesIndia s large firms look abroad to raise revenues
Modi govt does a u-turn on FDI in multi-brand retailModi govt does a u-turn on FDI in multi-brand retail
DLF slides 29% on banDLF slides 29% on ban
Ultrasonics: Technologies and Global MarketsUltrasonics: Technologies and Global Markets
Shah Rukh Khan s new marketing mantra for  Happy New Year  eyes box office collections magicShah Rukh Khan s new marketing mantra for  Happy New Year  eyes box office collections magic
Look whom we spotted with HrithikShe can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look
Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Sun 18 Sep, 2011 3:54 PM IST
What do you prefer? Katrina and Kangna's (fake) pout or the fuller natural lips of Kareena and Madhuri? Take a look More » Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Celebrity pets
Tue 16 Sep, 2014 5:30 PM IST
Paris Hilton has gotten a new pooch for herself, which reportedly is said to be the world's smallest Pomeranian, and could even fit in a purse for $13,000. And she isn't the only one with pets. Bill Clinton, had a cat; and MJ had a pet snake! These celebrity pets are as famous as their masters. Take a look More » Celebrity pets
Designer Manali Jagtap gets engaged to Vicky Soor
Mon 8 Sep, 2014 1:59 AM IST
What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Fri 5 Sep, 2014 9:16 AM IST
Deepika was so excited that she gave our photographer a series of funny moments. Arjun was not far behind and the event was a fashion night out. More » What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Today on Yahoo

Retail inflation dips to 6.46% in Sept  but EMIs may stay highRetail inflation dips to 6.46% in Sept, but EMIs may stay high
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 18:08 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:49 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
India's retail inflation slumped to a nearly three-year low in September, reinforcing the argument for lowering interest rates, although the central bank may prefer a status quo for a few more months.
Consumer inflation tumbled to 6.46% in September, down from August's revised 7.73% and far better than a consensus market forecast of 7.1%.
The inflation fall was helped by bountiful rains in the final stages of a patchy monsoon that lowered food prices.
The fall in global crude oil prices to below $90 a barrel will likely lead to price cuts in diesel and petrol, but patchy monsoon this summer could keep vegetable and food prices high.
But a status quo on interest rates would imply your EMIs are unlikely to fall anytime soon even as high prices, despite recent moderation in inflation rates, continue to eat away large chunks of household incomes.
Ahead of the festival season, high loan rates could influence people's decision to buy houses, cars and other consumer goods that are mostly bought through loans.
The more than one percentage point drop in retail inflation rates over August's figures should bring cheer to the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government that rode to a landslide election victory promising to bring down prices of essentials as part of its poll pledge to usher in "achche din (good days)".
It was also the lowest since January 2012, the month since the government launched a new price series with revised weights to various basket of goods.
The time to open the bubbly, however, may be still some months away as part of the fall in retail inflation, is also because of a high base effect - a statistical phenomenon that magnifies small changes, although the real fall may not be very large.
Last month, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan kept lending rates unchanged, withstanding mounting pressure from industry leaders and belying the government's hopes that he would lower borrowing costs to aid an incipient economic recovery.
"The RBI will find some comfort in these numbers," said global consultancy Deloitte India senior director Anis Chakravarty. But "it's important to see whether this trend continues", he added.
Rajan's aggressive policies to curb price rises appeared to be paying dividends, AFP reported, quoting economists.
"One shouldn't read too much into one set (of numbers) but it's looking increasingly likely the  bank will meet its inflation targets," the agency quoted Capital Markets chief Asia economist Mark Williams as saying.
"As a result, the RBI could start loosening monetary policy earlier than expected, especially with industry essentially still on its back," Williams added.
Rajan, who has declared he wants to "break the back of inflation", a persistent problem in India, has set a goal of wrestling down consumer inflation to six percent by January 2016.
Meanwhile, there are predictions that petrol and diesel prices could come down further as early this week, aided by plunging crude oil prices that touched $88 a barrel for the Indian crude basket.
India imports two-thirds of its energy need, making oil prices a key factor for inflation.
Lower oil prices will also help the Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government deliver quickly on its electoral promises to cool inflation and revive the economy.
The inflation reading was the lowest figure since the government introduced the current consumer price index in January 2012.
But economists also cautioned the September figure was flattered by last year's high inflation and that statistical effect could wear off toward year-end, pushing inflation higher again.
India's economy has posted two years of sub-five-per cent growth, the longest slowdown in a quarter century.
But foreign investors have poured money into Indian stocks in hopes the new right-wing government's moves to clear infrastructure projects and create a more favourable business climate will lift growth and help India emulate China's economic ascent.
The data for inflation based on Wholesale Price Index (WPI) will be released on Tuesday.
(with AFP and PTI inputs)

Clicks steal customersNEW DELHI, October 14, 2014
Updated: October 14, 2014 04:10 IST
Clicks steal customers
The Hindu The furore over online sales, including Flipkart’s Big Billion Day sale, has triggered a new fight between online and offline retail models. File photo
TOPICS
retail
Online sales hurt electronics retailers as e-commerce soars
The furore over online sales, including Flipkart’s Big Billion Day sale, has triggered a new fight between online and offline retail models.
As customers are getting hooked to the convenience and discounts that online shopping offers, many have pronounced the end of brick and mortar stores.
E-commerce has soared in India in the past three years. Though it accounts for just about one per cent of the total retail market in India, it has dented offline sales of electronics, books and music. While the impact on malls is still miniscule, individual retailers are calling for government intervention.
“There is no doubt that e-commerce is here to stay, but brick and mortar stores will not go away. The two will co-exist. While there might be a few ripples, it is not impacting the business so much,” Senior Vice President and Mall Head of DLF Promenade and DLF Emporio, Dinaz Madhukar said.
She added the impact is mainly in the electronics market where consumers know the brands and are getting good deals online. For fashion (apparels, accessories), however, offline remains the preferred medium. “Customers want touch and feel what they buy. Also, in India there are no standard sizes for clothing and shoes, which tilts the graph in favour of offline stores,” Ms Madhukar said.
Pacific Mall, Executive Director, Abhishek Bansal agrees, “A lot of hoopla is being created over online shopping. Sales in certain categories such as electronics and books may exceed offline sales, but fashion is a big no-no. People prefer brick and mortar stores for that.”
Ms. Madhukar pointed out, “When we go out, we move in families, we are not loners. So, in malls there is balance between entertainment and shopping. It is about giving an experience and not just about shopping and e-commerce can not touch that.”
However, retailers of electronic goods, particularly mobile phones, paint a dismal picture.
“Electronics, particularly the mobile phone segment, has been heavily impacted. Our sales have declined by 20-30 per cent. This Diwali has been a shocker, sales are down by 70 per cent…of this how much is because of the overall sentiments and how much due to ecommerce is hard to say,” Ashok Kashyup, who runs mobile phone store in Karol Bagh said.
Likewise, a dealer in Noida, said there is an impact of 15-20 per cent on sales due to online shopping. “When Flipkart’s Big Billion Day sale went online, we saw a massive drop in sales for the next 2-3 days.”
These retailers believe government should intervene to create a level playing field for their survival in the long-term.
Harprit Kohli, who runs Kay Dee Electronics that sell a range of products, including home appliances, washing machines, TV and air conditioners, said the impact for them is about 10-15 per cent.

Realty firm DLF  executives barred from market for 3 yearsRealty firm DLF, executives barred from market for 3 years
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi  Mumbai, October 13, 2014
First Published: 16:32 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:46 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
Stock market regulator Sebi cracked down Monday on India’s biggest realty company DLF by barring six top executives, including promoter-chairman KP Singh, from accessing the securities market for three years, choking its options to raise fresh funds.
The move, linked to disclosure lapses in 2007 when DLF went public and listed on exchanges, is the latest in a series of setbacks for the company credited with building Gurgaon as a corporate and residential hub on the barren Aravallis, just outside the Capital.
“I find that a case of active and deliberate suppression of information to mislead and defraud the investors in the securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF in its IPO is clearly made out,” Securities and Exchange Board of India’s (Sebi's) whole-time member Rajeev Agarwal said in his 43-page order.
A file photo of DLF chairman KP Singh. Sebi has cracked down on the biggest real estate player of the country by barring the company and its top executives, including Singh, from accessing the securities market for three years.
In 2007, DLF went public in a record-breaking initial public offering of Rs. 9,187 crore, India’s largest at the time.
The real estate giant has faced a number of problems in recent years, including angry lawsuits by customers upset with project delays and political controversies surrounding the company’s alleged links with Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi, whose party lost power earlier this year.
Responding to the order, the company said, “DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the order passed by Sebi. DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future.”
It was unclear how the firm’s lenders, often the real estate industry’s lifeline, would react to the investigation that looked into charges of failure by the company to properly disclose its relationship with subsidiary firms.
“It can be very damaging for the company,” said lawyer Hiroo Advani. “This could lead them to struggle to complete ongoing projects. Also, if banks start calling in their loans, it would further compound the adverse impact.”
The ruling could also have an adverse impact on the firm’s stock. News of the Sebi ban broke after trading had closed on Indian stock exchanges, when DLF shares were down 3.7% at  Rs. 146.70 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
The order came after a four-year probe into the process of share transfer by three DLF subsidiaries in three other allegedly related firms -- Sudipti, Shalika and Felicite.
In April 2010, the Delhi high court had asked Sebi to look into the complaint of one Kimsuk Krishna Sinha on the dealings. Calling the share transfer process a “sham transaction”, Sebi said the banned executives employed “a plan, scheme, design and device to camouflage the association” of DLF with these three entities.
This is the second setback for the Delhi-based developer in two weeks. Last week, the Delhi HC dismissed the company’s petition seeking a stay on investigations by the anti-trust regulator Competition Commission of India into allegations of anti-competitive practices.
DLF executives barred by Sebi include KP Singh’s son Rajiv Singh (vice-chairman), daughter Pia Singh (whole-time director),   TC Goyal (managing director), Kameshwar Swarup and Ramesh Sanka. All these people, including KP Singh and his two children, were part of the top management at the time of filing IPO documents.
About G S Talwar, also a non-executive director at that time, Sebi said it could not be established whether he was involved in day-to-day operations and was therefore given the “benefit of doubt”.
In a statement, the company, however, reassured “investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise”.
“DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advice of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its offer documents,” the release said.

Special  Rose Day  in the Bigg Boss houseCelebrity
Bigg Boss 8: 'Rose Day' in the house
'Rose Day' was celebrated in the Bigg Boss house and contestants were asked to present roses to fellow housemates, who they thought had saved them from elimination and as expected, the event became a controversial one.
Contestants during a task.

RIL can return upto 46% in a year  say brokeragesYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Global brokerages see up to 46% upside in RIL in next 12 months
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 04.54PM IST
Tags:
JPMorgan
(UBS has the most aggressive…)
NEW DELHI: Most global brokerages see limited upside on RIL stock, at least in the short term, despite the company reporting better than expected results for the quarter ended September 30.
JPMorgan has a 'neutral' rating on the stock, and says that the stock lacks positive catalysts in the near term. Sluggish refining and petchem outlook, uncertainty around gas prices and profitability in the telecom business remain an overhang for the company, it adds.
"Our target price is based taking only 50 per cent of the book value of the telco business and assuming that D6 gas prices will remain at $4.2 for the rest of FY15," adds the report.
Reliance Industries reported a 1.7 per cent rise in quarterly net profit to Rs 5,972 crore, helped by strong refining margins and growth in US shale business.
Among brokers, UBS has the most aggressive target price of Rs 1,400 on RIL. The brokerage firm expects the firm's core petrochemical, refining and domestic E&P businesses to improve over the next two years.
"We think a gas price hike is likely soon, and the government's focus to encourage domestic production and problems with KG-D6 should be resolved shortly and gas production should improve," adds the UBS note.
The company earned $8.3 for each barrel of crude oil it turned into fuels in the second quarter of the current fiscal year, rising from a gross refining margin (GRM) of $7.7 in the same quarter a year ago.
The US shale business, where RIL has invested $7.7 billion so far, reported revenue of Rs 1,619 crore, up 34% from the year-ago period; however, EBIT dropped 17% due to lower gas prices.
RIL is investing heavily in its core businesses to increase its capacities over the next few years. In its refining division, it is setting up a petcoke gasification plant at an estimated cost of $4 billion.
"We expect the refining business to face headwinds going forward on account of higher capacity additions compared to the demand. Lack of demand growth has weighed on RIL's other key business vertical, that is petchem," LKP Securities says in a report.
"This, to our mind, would maintain pressure on RIL's petchem margins. RIL's upstream foray has been reeling under uncertainty with gas production from KG-D6 falling to 12.5 mmscmd," adds the report.
The outperformance in quarterly results could help support the stock in the near term, especially given the 18 per cent YTD under-performance; but the expected gas price hike on November 15 will be the next catalyst for the stock, say analysts.
RIL has been trading with a declining bias since June 2014 (down nearly 10%); and has retraced from the Rs 1,100 levels to monthly support area of around Rs 920 in September 2014. Analysts are of the view that the stock has the potential to touch Rs 1,100 in the next six months. However, the short-term trend still remains sideways.
"Investors can hold their positions as Reliance has the potential to retest 1,100 in the next six months and it also has strong support around 900-920 zone; so, the profit to loss ratio is quite favorable for investment at current juncture," says Ajit Mishra, AVP - Equity Retail Research, Religare Securities Ltd.
Long-term support level for RIL is at around Rs 950-960; and in the long run, the stock would be able to sustain this level.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall Street bounces after 3-day slump on earnings hopeThe benchmark S&P had fallen in five of the prior six sessions as investors are concerned about the impact of global weakness on US earnings.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks were higher on Tuesday, rebounding after the S&P 500's worst three-day drop since November 2011, as bullish investors hoped a solid earnings season would ease global growth concerns.
Citigroup, up 3.2 per cent to $51.48, was among the top boosts to the benchmark S&P index after the bank posted better-than-expected quarterly results and said it would pull out of consumer banking in 11 markets.
But JPMorgan Chase shares lost 1.1 per cent to $57.54, after the biggest US bank posted third-quarter earnings. Wells Fargo, the fourth largest US bank, lost 1.6 per cent to $49.39 after its results.
The S&P financial index gained 0.7 per cent.
Johnson & Johnson shares lost 1.3 per cent to $97.82 even after the diversified healthcare company reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings on the back of strong sales for a new hepatitis C drug.
"Hopefully earnings will take people's minds off erratic and high volatility," said Frank Davis, director of sales and trading at LEK Securities in New York.
"As the market moves down, we fully expect that to happen."
The benchmark S&P had fallen in five of the prior six sessions as investors have become concerned about the impact of global economic weakness on US earnings and the potential spread of Ebola.
The index closed below its 200-day moving average for the first time since Nov. 16, 2012, on Monday and is now down 6.1 per cent from its record closing high on September 18.
S&P 500 companies are expected to show earnings growth of 6.4 per cent in the third quarter, according to Thomson Reuters data, with revenue growth expected at 4 per cent. After the close, Dow component and chipmaker Intel is set to post results.
At 10:58am, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 84.83 points, or 0.52 per cent, to 16,405.9, the S&P 500 gained 12.45 points, or 0.66 per cent, to 1,887.19 and the Nasdaq Composite added 39.84 points, or 0.95 per cent, to 4,253.50.
The largest per centage gainer on the S&P 500 was Delta Air Lines, up 5.6 per cent, while the largest per centage decliner was ONEOK Inc, down 3.3 per cent.
The largest per centage gainer on the Nasdaq 100 was NXP Semiconductors, up 5.1 per cent, while the largest per centage decliner was Autodesk, down 2.1 per cent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Bank Of America , up 0.67 per cent to $16.51; Petrobras, up 0.23 per cent to $17.31; and Advanced Micro Devices, down 1.09 per cent to $2.71.
On the Nasdaq, APPLE , up 0.3 per cent to $100.08, and Facebook, up 0.5 per cent to $73.34, were among the most actively traded.
Advancing issues were outnumbering declining ones on the NYSE by 2,020 to 953, for a 2.12-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,862 issues were rising and 690 falling for a 2.70-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 6 new 52-week highs and 23 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 16 new highs and 121 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Siemens to set up Centers of Excellence in G...You are here: Home > Collections > Siemens
Siemens to set up Centers of Excellence in Gujarat at Rs 1,200 crore
PTI Oct 14, 2014, 10.31PM IST
(Siemens will spend Rs 119 cr while…)
AHMEDABAD: German engineering giant Siemens will invest Rs 1,200 crore to set up eleven Centers of Excellence in Gujarat, state's Finance Minister Saurabh Patel announced today.
"Recently, we have signed an MoU with Siemens to set up Centers of Excellence in six engineering colleges in Gujarat. Similar MoUs had been signed with them for five such colleges in the past. Siemens will spend Rs 119 crores while government will spend Rs 17 crore on each of these institutes. In total, they will spend Rs 1,200 crore on eleven engineering colleges," said Patel.
The announcement was made during the inauguration ceremony of Gujarat Power Research and Education Institute, an engineering college came up at Mevad village of Mehsana district at a cost of Rs 60 crore.
"This is Gujarat's first college that came up under Public Private Partnership (PPP) model," said an official press release.
Speaking on the occasion, state Roads and Buildings Minister Nitin Patel said that the Centers of Excellence will churn out 69,000 trained professionals in the field of auto industry, aero space, defence industry and ship building.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US launches review of India s IPRUS launches review of India's Intellectual Property Regime
PTI Oct 14, 2014, 10.23PM IST
Tags:
Indian Government
(The Obama administration…)
NEW YORK: The US today launched a review of India's Intellectual Property Regime, in which the focus is to measure the engagement that New Delhi has pursued in terms of intellectual property.
The USTR's 'Out-of-Cycle' (OCR) Review follows the 2014 Special 301 Report that came out in April, in which the US Trade Representative (USTR) had placed India on the 'Priority Watch List'.
It had noted that it would conduct an OCR of India focusing in particular on assessing progress made in establishing and building effective, meaningful, and constructive engagement with the Government of India on IPR issues of concern.
"Specifically, the out-of-cycle review is focused on engagement, what type of engagement has India pursued in terms of intellectual property," a USTR official said.
The move comes soon after Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a high profile to the US last month.
The official said that from the US government side, there has been "a good deal" of engagement, including three trips since July to India one of which was specifically focused on Intellectual Property.
The official added that in the joint statement released following Prime Minister Modi and President Barack Obama's meeting also had a reference to intellectual property.
"Agreeing on the need to foster innovation in a manner that promotes economic growth and job creation, the leaders committed to establish an annual high-level Intellectual Property (IP) Working Group with appropriate decision-making and technical-level meetings as part of the TPF," the joint statement had said.
The official added that while the USTR is aware that India is pursuing a new IP policy and there is certainly "some track record" for engagement, "we need this engagement to reach to substantive results. And that is what this out-of-cycle review is going to measure."
The Obama administration had been strongly critical of India's investment climate and IPR laws, especially in the pharmaceutical and solar sectors.
The US industry had raised the matter of India's rejection of patents for Bristol-Myers Squibb's Sprycel and Novartis AG's Glivec.
India has always maintained that its IPR regime is fully complaint with WTO norms and it would drag the US to the global trade body if any adverse unilateral step is taken against the country in IPR-related matters.
The USTR official said the review would measure what type of engagements have the public and stakeholders been seeing and it will be an "opportunity for the Indian government themselves to provide an input through the federal register notice process.
"Unlike other out of cycle reviews, this one is really focused on just on trying to build that engagement between India and the US on IP," she added.
The start of the review would give an opportunity for the public to provide an input on what they have seen in terms of engagement on IPR by the Indian government and would be open for open for three weeks.
The official added that while the US officials have had some encouraging meetings with the Indian government and "we have been hearing a lot of right things," they are still waiting to see the actual action by the new government on issues like reforms not just in the IPR sector but in number of areas investors are waiting to see a change in.
She said there are a lot of expectations on the next budget and whether action will be taken on the reforms that the Modi government has been talking about to attract investment, including reforms on taxes, land acquisition rules, foreign equity cap issues and IPR.
"We have not seen a follow through quite yet," she said. The official added that there has been "very little interaction" over the past several years with Indian counterparts on IPR and the US government wishes to have more interactions with governments "before issues reach a boiling point."
The official said there has been increased engagement with the Indian government and there is hope that it will be grow further.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google expands shopping delivery service in USGoogle expands shopping delivery service in US
By Reuters | 14 Oct, 2014, 10.57PM IST
Google Inc said it would expand its same-day shopping delivery service to 3 new US cities & start charging customers, which competes with Amazon.com.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Google Inc said it would expand its same-day shopping delivery service to three new US cities and start charging customers for the service, which competes with Amazon.com Inc.
The Google Express service, which was earlier only available in certain parts of California and New York City , will be expanded to Boston, Chicago, and Washington D C, Google said in a blog.
Membership for the service, which was earlier called Google Shopping Express, will cost $95 a year, or $10 a month.
Online retailer Amazon's same-day delivery service, called Prime, charges customers $99 per year, after a free one-year trial.
Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt , at a public speech made in Berlin on Monday, called Amazon its "biggest search competitor", the Financial Times and other media reported.
"Many people think our main competition is Bing or Yahoo . But, really, our biggest search competitor is Amazon," the FT quoted Schmidt as saying.
Schmidt said internet users are likely to go directly to the retailer if they are shopping.
Google's shares were up about 1.7 percent at $553.93 on the Nasdaq in early afternoon trading.

US Fed rate hike won t affect India if Modi govt delivers reformsUS Fed rate hike will not affect India if Modi govt delivers key economic reforms
Atmadip Ray & MC Govardhana Rangan, ET Bureau Oct 15, 2014, 01.42AM IST
Tags:
DBS Bank
Decoupling as an investment theme shot to prominence in 2010 when investment managers were hunting for an oasis of economic development after the 2008 credit crisis parched the developed world.
China and India were stripped of the BRICs moniker and known as the 'growth engines' that would pull the world economy out of a rut. They did, for a year or so, but they too soon fell into a morass for different reasons.
Over the past two years, questions have arisen on China's ability sustain growth levels amid a looming banking crisis due to over investment, and the collapse of growth rates in India induced by the government's policy paralysis.
Now that the Western developed world, which grew its economies with similar policies and collapsed due to the same excesses is decoupling, India may benefit from the tailwinds. This may be the time when India could 'decouple' convincingly from the possibly sluggish growth the world over and when most emerging markets suffer the so- called QE unwinding by the US Federal Reserve.
For the first time in two decades, the developed nations on both sides of the Atlantic may be decoupling on interest rates. The US, the supplier of cheap money across the world, is poised to make the dollar more expensive, while the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan have promised to run their printing presses for an indefinite period.
Many fear that the scenario may be bad for India and foreign investments would taper. The theory goes that investors borrowing cheap dollar funds may hold back, and that Indian borrowing overseas may become expensive. But the flip side of this is that many factors are turning favourable for India.
Signs that administration is being cranked up, collapsing commodity prices — crude oil, iron ore, coal, gold — improving government finances, stronger currency, a determined monetary policy to cap inflation at 4%, bottoming out of bad loan accumulation are the aligning of stars for revival. But here's the disclaimer: Prime Minister Narendra Modi must deliver on economic reforms.
 
"India's transformation has been remarkable,'' says Morgan Stanley. "India may just turn out to be more fortunate and hence more resilient in implementing reforms and raising growth.'' This is being on the opposite pole of where India was last year when the talk of taper by the US Fed turned India into a basket case. The rupee became the worst performing currency in the world, foreigners fled the shores, and Indian entrepreneurs turned gloomy.
But inflation is easing with it as measured by the Consumer Price Index falling to 6.46% in September, from a high of 10.7% a year back. Economic growth is forecast at 5.3% in fiscal 2015, up from a decade low of 4.5% in FY2013. Corporate earnings are set to climb 8% in the second quarter , forecasts Citigroup.
"For a net commodity importer like India, lower commodity prices in general, and oil prices in particular, are tantamount to a positive terms of trade shock,'' says Sonal Varma, economist at Nomura Securities. "It should result in lower inflation, improvement in fiscal and current account balances and higher growth.''
The RBI under Rajan had navigated the first round of tapering well. The rupee remained largely rangebound in 2014 on the back of sustained capital inflows and better macroeconomic fundamentals. In a comparative sense in Q2 of 2014-15, the local currency depreciated 2.72% against the US greenback while the Russian rouble depreciated about 13%, the Brazilian real by 10%, and the South African rand by 5.5%.
There have been continuous foreign portfolio investment inflows to the domestic equity markets as well as into debt market since December 2013, except in April 2014 when there was a net outflow. In 2014, foreign institutional investment inflows to debt and equity markets have been around $34 billion with a larger part going to debt segments.
But won't the rising interest rates in the US affect flows when rates are forecast to fall next year? Yes, it could reduce the flow from overseas Indians, who poured in funds to exploit the huge differential last year. "This segment cannot be compensated by equity flows and we cannot afford to increase debt inflows," says Care Ratings chief economist Madan Sabnavis.
"The timing can be challenging as the RBI may start lowering rates when US increases it as our decision is based on domestic inflation. Therefore, there will be pressure on the rupee once this happens."
But some believe that even if the US raises rates next year, the flood of liquidity due to ECB's quantitative easing could see India through. Even if dollar funds turn more expensive, companies could chase euro funds. Besides, funding through the Japanese yen could be an option.

Indo-Pak border skirmish: India needs to be firm & careful in its response(The Modi govt has repeatedly…)
By Rajesh Rajagopalan
India's unusually tough response to Pakistan's border infractions appear to have silenced Islamabad . At least for now. Much to its own detriment, India has rarely considered military force as an element in its strategic tool kit. If India's response now signals a change in how it combines diplomacy and force, it can only be welcomed. But the harsh political rhetoric that accompanied this apparent change in strategy has its own pitfalls that New Delhi needs to consider with care. US President Theodore Roosevelt is credited with the aphorism 'Speak softly and carry a big stick'. This reflects a happy synergy between political rhetoric and practical capacities, but one that is rarely forged in foreign policies. India's leaders have been particularly inept in understanding this relationship.
In mid-October 1962, as the border crisis with China was reaching boiling point, Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru told the press that he had instructed the Indian army to "free our territory". This was foolish bravado because his own army commanders had told him just two days earlier that they had barely enough strength even to hold their positions. What followed is well-known.
Operation Parakram, the large-scale Indian military mobilisation that followed the terrorist attack on the Indian Parliament in December 2001, is another example. This time, India had the capacity to go to war, but the mobilisation took place without any strategy or thought about the ultimate endgame. When Pakistan called India's bluff, New Delhi had no choice but to stand down. All India managed to do dealing with a nuclearised Pakistan.
Indian leaders are not alone in making foolish threats that they cannot back up when push comes to shove. US President Barack Obama has repeatedly drawn red lines for his adversaries from Syria to Iran to Ukraine but backed away when these red lines are crossed. If America's pivot and rebalancing to Asia is treated by his Asian partners with some scepticism — or if Washington's commitment to prevent Iran from getting nuclear weapons is treated with equal scepticism by Israel and the Gulf states — it is because Obama's words no longer have much credibility among his partners. Nations and leaders should resist the temptation to make commitments they will have difficulty keeping. The American international relations scholar Scott Sagan called this the 'commitment trap': if you make thoughtless commitments, you will either be forced to keep them or risk losing credibility.
This is a lesson that the Indian government needs to take seriously. Over the last two months, the Modi government has repeatedly outlined a much more unambiguous and firm approach towards foreign policy issues than its dithering predecessor. This is welcome. But such pronouncements can be dangerous if they are not matched by actual capabilities.
This is particularly so in dealing with China. On the recent Chinese incursion on the border, Modi demonstrated great resolve and self-confidence, directly and publicly telling President Xi Jinping about his serious concern over such repeated incidents. Earlier, during his visit to Japan , he had decried 'vistaarvaad' (expansionism), a thinly-veiled reference to Chinese assertiveness in the Asian region over the last few years. And in the joint statement during his US visit, there was more than one reference about unacceptable Chinese behaviour, including the threat to sea lanes of communication in the South China Sea.
Balancing China, whether stated or not, is the glue for India's new special 'partnerships' with Japan, US and the other Pacific powers. But in making these commitments, New Delhi needs to be sure that it can back up strong words by building up actual military capabilities. China's strategic culture has been characterised as being based on a 'parabellum paradigm', a Realist worldview in which the use of military force is a necessary component of strategic policy. This means China taking India's words as a serious reflection of New Delhi's intentions. Empty rhetoric will be particularly dangerous in dealing with China.
This goes for Pakistan too. The Pakistani army will quickly recover from its surprise at India's firm response. It is unlikely that this will be the end of Pakistani adventurism. India needs to be firm but it also needs to be careful, marrying military force to foreign policy, but in doing so, also recognising both the possibilities and the limits of our capability.
(The writer is professor, international politics, Jawaharlal Nehru University)
FEATURED ARTICLES

10 useful services you did not know banks provide10 things you did not know your bank did
Simplus Information Services –  Mon 6 Oct, 2014 12:19 PM IST
View Gallery
Photos: World's most beautiful bank towers
The word ‘bank’ brings to the mind a picture of several counters handling the give-and-take of money. You can see people hovering around bankers for opening accounts, making deposits and taking loans.
But, did you know that banks in modern times go beyond all such things we just mentioned. Here is a look:
1) Banks offer financial advisors:
Banks encourage entrepreneurship. To ensure a relative growth in the number of entrepreneurs, many banks send home financial advisors, to answer all your business related queries. Even if you are an employed person, banks can send financial advisors to help you manage your wealth.
They tell you everything about:
·         The kind of accounts you should have with the bank;
·         What are the different loan schemes;
·         Which among them would best suit your needs;
·         Appropriate investment options.
2) Traveling abroad made easier:
Did you know that your bank has just made it easier for you to travel around the world tension-free? Since many of us don’t carry international credit or debit cards, these ‘foreign travel cards’ come in handy. You don’t have to worry about converting a traveler’s cheque into local currencies because using a foreign travel card will do that for you.
3) Bill payments taken care of:
Now, don’t worry about lining up in long queues to pay bills or for other such payments. Let your bank deal with some of these. Simply subscribe to the automatic debit facility, give the details of your bills the first time, and then sit back. Your bills will be paid automatically every month, and a message will be sent to you once it is done. Moreover, thanks to the mobile banking facility, you can now pay bills from everywhere—literally!
4) Online shopping made easier:
Thanks to e-banking and mobile banking facilities, you can now choose to shop from various leading online stores with ease. Lots of online shopping sites offer great discounts to customers of specific banks. So, if your bank happens to be in that list, be ready to shop to your heart’s desire.
5) Easy EMI options:
Many banks now tie-up with various online and brick-and-mortar stores and offer EMI (Equated Monthly Installment) options. With these options, you can spruce up your home without having to spend erratic amount at one go! Isn’t that wonderful?
6) Prepaid mobile recharge:
Yes, your bank even does this for you. Many banks have specialized apps and even SMS facilities, which help you to recharge your mobile phones from anywhere—even if you’re going cashless. So, let ‘balance’ not be a hindrance between you and your valued someone.
7) TV subscription fees:
Can life in this 21st century be led without cable channels? But, what if you forget to pay the bill in time and the channels go off right when you’re watching that favorite TV serial of yours? You don’t have to worry about forgetting to pay the fees. Simply log in and make online payments.
8) Data card recharge:
No, you never have to worry about losing your Internet connection anymore; thank your bank for that. Through your bank’s mobile app and e-banking facilities, like mobile recharge, you can recharge your data pack as well.
9) Leisure holidays and travel plans made easier:
Planning a holiday? Want to book a great and trusted resort? Don’t worry, for your banking personnel will gladly help you out with this little chore as well. In fact, you can now book your flight/train/bus tickets through your bank account in no time.
10) Gifts for special someone
Is it your kid’s birthday and you want to surprise him with a giant chocolate cake and his/her favorite toy? If you’re too busy with other preparations, the bank can help with ordering online gifts as well. Sometimes, banks also help you transfer money or special schemes as a gift.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

The New Government Is Not Committed To The NREGAThe New Government Is Not Committed To The NREGA
Meet KP Singh who built Gurgaon out of nothi...British Airways
(“He is among the first…)
NEW DELHI: There is little Kushal Pal Singh hasn't seen. He built the city of Gurgaon out of nothingness. He also saw it begin to crumble under its own weight. He almost sold DLF for Rs 26 lakh, but later also saw the value of his shareholding in it climb to Rs 1,87,920 crore. Now, it's declined to just Rs 14,701 crore. In 2007, he was celebrated for bringing India's biggest IPO.
Seven years later, he stands condemned by Sebi, for failing to disclose material information in that very offer. He has also seen both friends and foes occupy high places.
"He is among the first who had the vision of a large-sized modern building that is as good as any in developed countries," says Hemendra Kothari, a veteran investment banker. Now, cash flow questions are being asked about many of his ongoing property projects. "Consistent with the title of his autobiography 'Whatever the Odds', his ride is neither smooth nor straightforward. It is evident that KP Singh has cut corners," says ASV Krishnan, senior research analyst at Ambit Capital.
When KP Singh ventured into Gurgaon in late seventies, no one would have imagined what it would become over the next few decades. Good fortune and intent and perseverance all played a part.
His now famous chance meeting with Rajiv Gandhi and his partnership approach with farmers from whom he bought land from are both legendary.
"Amidst the vast landscape of barren land that was once Gurgaon, he had the vision and foresight to see the potential to create a world class city," says a real estate developer who has followed DLF for many years. KP Singh also escorted General Electric into India in 1989, leading to the birth of the BPO industry. At that time, foreign companies were wary about doing business in India.
But Singh persuaded General Electric in Gurgaon to open its pilot office for outsourcing companies. Gurgaon later became home to many multinational including Nestle, American Express, PepsiCo, IBM , British Airways and Ericsson. Born on August 15, 1931 at Bulandshahar in Uttar Pradesh, Singh graduated in Science from Meerut College. He went to UK to study Aeronautical Engineering where he was selected to the prestigious Indian Army , by British Officers Services Selection Board, UK. He joined the Indian Military Academy at Dehradun and was later on commissioned into The Deccan Horse — a renowned cavalry regiment of The Indian Army.
His competitors have nothing but respect for him. "KP Singh has seen many ups and down," says a veteran CEO of another real estate firm, requesting not to be named. "But he has the trait to bounce back."
FEATURED ARTICLES

New traffic arrangement in Velachery irks residentsUpdated: October 15, 2014 03:35 IST
New traffic arrangement in Velachery irks residents
R. Srikanth
Tweet
THE HINDU The one-way enforced on a service road near Velachery railway station has caused a lot of difficulty to commuters — Photo: G. Krishnaswamy
The new traffic arrangement on the service road of Velachery railway station, introduced recently by the traffic police, has not gone down well with the public. Residents and motorists complain that the traffic police have made the changes keeping the business community in mind, instead of helping ease traffic congestion.
There are two service roads connecting Velachery Main Road with the southern arm of the Inner Ring Road. The service roads are important link roads for commuters using the Mass Rapid Transit Service (MRTS) and several residential layouts including a school. The service road on the east side was made a one-way the day after a multi-storeyed textile showroom was launched and ‘no parking’ boards were installed at several places on the road to prevent unauthorised parking of vehicles.
The one-way system has caused severe hardship to residents and MRTS commuters, as vehicles coming to the textile showroom are parked on the service road and interior roads.
R. Mohan, who parks his four-wheeler at the Velachery railway station, said he was unable to understand the logic of making the service road a one-way. Due to the new traffic arrangement, he has been forced to make a round-about on the already congested Velachery Main Road to reach the railway station.
Vehicles carrying students to a school located in VGP Selva Nagar nearby are also finding the situation difficult.
S. Kumararaja, secretary, Federation of Velachery Welfare Association, said several residents welfare associations have planned to request the traffic police to remove the diversion.
A senior traffic police official said that the diversion was put in place by the local traffic authorities on a trial basis without bringing it to the notice of higher officials. He said that they have been directed to remove the new traffic arrangements, which would be done once the study is carried out in a few days.

Chennai residents to pitch in on speedbreakersUpdated: October 15, 2014 03:34 IST
Chennai residents to pitch in on speedbreakers
Aloysius Xavier Lopez
THE HINDU Speedbreakers such as the ones on Vepery High Road are among the few in the city that comply with standards set by the Indian Road Congress — Photo: M. Vedhan.
They will give inputs on design of over 2,000 facilities including 1,400 new ones
In a bid to standardise the design of speedbreakers in the city, Chennai Corporation has decided to get residents involved.
The civic body has identified in a recently concluded study that only 162 of the 764 speedbreakers in the city were designed as per the standards set by the Indian Road Congress (IRC).
Now, with inputs from residents, the civic body is set to demolish and restore 602 other speedbreakers and construct 1,400 new ones, all in accordance with IRC standards that have been stipulated for optimum functionality.
The Chennai Corporation has constituted a committee headed by the regional joint/deputy commissioner in each region to approve speedbreakers on stretches as part of the initiative to prevent accidents caused by poorly-designed speedbreakers.
Other departments, including the traffic police, will also make recommendations in identifying spots for developing speedbreakers.
Work on the development of speedbreakers on some bus routes has already started.
“Residents will play a role in each decision on speedbreakers. The committee will meet once a month,” said an official.
Based on request made by residents along a road to the junior engineer of a ward, the committee will finalise the spot where speedbreaker will be developed.
“We have developed well-designed speedbreakers on bus route roads including Vepery High Road, EVK Sampath Salai, Besant Road, P.S. Sivasami Salai and Bazulla Road,” said the official.
Bus routes in the northern region of Chennai Corporation will get 46 new speedbreakers. In the central region, 46 spots have been identified. In the southern region, 47 stretches require designs to reduce the speed of vehicles.
After residents are included on the committee, demolition of poorly-designed speedbreakers will also begin.
The earlier initiatives of the Corporation to redesign speedbreakers at various locations were not successful owing to resistance from residents of some neighbourhoods. A number of accidents have reportedly occurred because of speedbreakers being commissioned without adhering to IRC standards.

India is better prepared if US Fed raises interest ratesIndia is better prepared if US Fed raises interest rates
Antero Resources Third Quarter 2014 Operations UpdateAntero Resources Third Quarter 2014 Operations Update
Vizag still without power; PM Modi announces Rs. 1 000cr for AndhraVizag still without power; PM Modi announces Rs. 1 000cr for Andhra
DLF shares tank 25% on SEBIs 3-year ban orderUpdated: October 14, 2014 22:46 IST
DLF share dips by 28.46 %
Special Correspondent
The Hindu A view of DLF apartments at Chilavannur Lake near Kadavanthra in Kochi. SEBI imposed ban on DLF from accessing capital market for 3 years. File Photo
TOPICS
stock exchanges
Share price of DLF, realty major, dipped on stock exchanges on Tuesday following a ban by the capital market regulator, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) on DLF and its top executives from accessing the capital markets for three years.
“Sham transactions”
The ban was for suppressing information in its initial public offering (IPO) prospectus and for “sham transactions.”
On the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), DLF tumbled by 28.46 per cent or 41.75 points to close at 104.95 compared to its previous day’s close of 146.70.
On Tuesday it touched an intra-day low of 102.70, which is also recorded as its 52-week low. The 52-week high, which was at 242.80, was recorded on June 9, this year. Today the scrip opened at 132.05.
The SEBI barred DLF and promoters, including K.P. Singh, Executive Chairman of DLF Ltd on Monday, from participating in the securities market for 3 years on the grounds that the company failed to reveal material information in its 2007 listing prospectus.
“While DLF can appeal this order, we believe this along with other recent adverse regulatory rulings and weak demand environment does not augur well for DLF. While valuations appear cheap, we maintain EW rating and reduce our price target to Rs.159 due to macro and regulatory headwinds,” said Saurabh Mishra, Analyst, Barclays India in a report. Meanwhile realty stocks lost its sheen on bourses as the sectoral index dipped by 9.24 per cent on BSE.
“DLF's inability to access capital markets could impact its fund-raising program, both at the listed company level and potential listing of its commercial assets such as Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs),” said Macquarie Research, adding, “DLF, in this case, would have to resort to large asset sales to reduce debt in the future.”

ED not probing Flipkart mega discount sale: ...Big Billion Day
(Refuting media reports…)
NEW DELHI: Enforcement Directorate (ED) today said it has not launched any probe into the massive discount sale by e-retail giant Flipkart last week but is continuing its earlier investigation into alleged violations of FDI rules in their e-commerce business.
Refuting media reports that the recent online mega sale of Flipkart was being probed, an ED official said there is no truth in such media reports.
In the wake of complaints from huge number of customers regarding alleged predatory prices on goods and unfair trade practices adopted by Flipkart, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had last week acknowledged that government had received complaints in this regard.
"We have received many inputs. Lot of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it," Sitharaman had told reporters here.
Flipkart's 'Big Billion Day' online sale took place on October 6.
A Flipkart spokesperson while reacting to the media reports said, "We are in complete compliance with the laws of the land and will cooperate with authorities when required."
The ED, however, is probing allegations that Flipkart and other such e-retail companies violated the foreign direct investment (FDI) norms of e-commerce sector.
As per the current policy, FDI is not allowed in domestic e-commerce companies conducting B2C (business-to-consumer) transactions while 100 per cent foreign investment is permitted in B2B (business-to-business).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Time to buy the fear One pro says yesSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 10. (Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
Maybe he’s crazy. Maybe he’s overly optimistic. Maybe he sees something others can’t see yet. But Jordan Kimmel of Investview says the market is “now a buy.”
Kimmel, the chief investment officer at Investview, thinks Monday’s late-day washout on Wall Street marked a short-term selling climax, clearing the way for stock prices to start rising again.
“I think you could start buying right now … at least half positions. Any move lower will reverse quickly,” Kimmel told USA TODAY on Tuesday morning.
In a blog post to clients sent out Monday, and which he forwarded to USA TODAY, Kimmel wrote the following:
“I am very confident this correction will be a “knockdown, not a knockout” event for the market, he wrote.
Heading into today’s session, the Nasdaq was off 8.4% from its September high, the S&P 500 was off 6.8% and the Dow Jones industrial average was off 5.5%.
(Others, however, aren’t so sure the low is in. JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade, doesn’t advise investors buy stocks with “both hands.” He does, however, say if stocks investors have been eyeing have suffered massive price drops, it might be time to nibble and start buying. He would like the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index to climb back above the key 1900 level and get back above its average price over the past 200 days, which is 1905.  The index closed below its so-called 200-day average Monday night for the first time since November 2012.The S&P 500 closed at 1874.74.)
Stocks have been hit hard recently by global growth fears, the Ebola scare and ongoing geopolitical risks. Stocks are obviously cheaper than they were before the broad Standard & Poor’s 500 stock market skidded 6.8% from its Sept. 18 record high.
(In pre-market trading, the Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq were up 0.4%, 0.6% and 0.7%, respectively. The market is getting some support from decent earnings reports and CEO comments from JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo, three of the nation’s largest banks, as well as an earnings beat from drugmaker Johnson & Johnson.)
Kimmel said that a batch of scary days in the market like the big drops we’ve seen the past three days — the worst three-day skid since 2011 — often spooks investors enough to make them bail out at the wrong time.
“Strangely the market has a way of clearing out weak-handed investors just prior to a major advance,” Kimmel wrote.
And scary newspaper headlines and media reports don’t do much to build confidence among investors, he adds.
“Judging by the tone of the newspapers, I expect we will see this downside clear-out move play out fairly quickly,” Kimmel said. “Now is like the time in the scary movie when the music gets loud and weird. This is when, if you saw this movie before, this part is still scary. Buy the fear when it’s really scary.”

Investors  keep those emotions in checkSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Specialist Jason Notter works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 10, 2014. (Richard Drew, AP)
Stocks have been going down, and that means so have investors’ 401(k) balances. At the same time, investor anxiety has been going up, and that means emotions gone wild could cause folks to make bad money moves.
Keep your cool.
Here’s some advice USA TODAY has culled today from interviews with sources as well as incoming missives from the Wall Street community in these times of stress for financial markets.
David Rosenberg, chief economist and strategist at Gluskin Sheff, had this to say in a note to clients today:
“Corrections are part and parcel of the investment process,” says Rosenberg. “It is imperative to take a deep breath and realize that what is most important for building wealth is not ‘timing’ the market but rather ‘time in’ the market.”
Ron Weiner, founder, president and CEO of RDM Financial Group, shared this wisdom with USA TODAY in an interview.
“Short-term, human beings have a unique built-in mechanism that, left to their emotions, they will almost always buy high and sell low,” says Weiner. “That is the normal visceral reaction. Investors that want to buy low and sell high are the ones that go against their human nature.”
And it’s tough to time the market with any precision, he adds.
“Investors are still hung over from the big declines in 2000-01 and 2008-09 that they have their finger on the sell trigger,” says Weiner. “They are so afraid of losing money they have lost sight of the long term. Markets don’t go up in a straight line and we have gone in a straight line for three years. It’s not that the fear of a global slowdown isn’t warranted, it’s just really hard to time the market.”
JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade, told USA TODAY in a phone interview that investors have to put the recent declines in perspective.
“Put it in perspective,” says Kinahan. “Sure, the S&P 500 stock index started the day down almost 7% from its high. On a grander scale, that is not a complete disaster. It’s just that the declines happened so fast and were so quick and violent. We are coming off the worst three days in three years. Corrections are healthy for markets.”

RIL links strategy to rate fateRIL links strategy to rate fate
Turnout holds the key in MaharashtraUpdated: October 15, 2014 04:05 IST
Turnout holds the key in Maharashtra
Alok Deshpande
PTI Officials leave for election duty with EVMs on the eve of voting for Assembly elections in Thane on Tuesday.
TOPICS
regional elections
In the Lok Sabha polls, the State witnessed a turnout of 60.3 per cent. However, Mumbai, which has traditionally witnessed low turnout, recorded 51.5 per cent voting.
Political parties in Maharashtra are waiting with bated breath to see the voter turnout in the Assembly elections on Wednesday, as it is considered a key factor in the five-cornered contest in the State.
In the Lok Sabha polls, the State witnessed a turnout of 60.3 per cent. However, Mumbai, which has traditionally witnessed low turnout, recorded 51.5 per cent voting.
In the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, the State registered a turnout of 59.5 per cent; and in the Assembly elections held within months after the general elections, it was a dismal 46.1 per cent.
Following a furore over missing names on the rolls during the Lok Sabha polls, the Election Commission conducted a special enrolment drive which saw an addition of 20 lakh new voters. Around 8.35 crore voters are entitled to elect 288 members to the Assembly.
The Maharashtra police have made tight security arrangements, with the deployment of over two lakh State police personnel. They will be assisted by about 390 companies of Central Reserve Police Force, State Reserve Force and Reserved Forces from Gujarat, Rajasthan and Sikkim.
Around 9,900 of the 90,403 polling stations have been identified as hyper-sensitive and adequate security provided. In Mumbai, around 48,000 security personnel have been deployed at 9,920 polling stations. Of these, 1,003 have been identified as sensitive.

Did not act in Adarsh scam to save party  says ChavanUpdated: October 15, 2014 03:59 IST
Did not act in Adarsh scam to save party, says Chavan
Omar Rashid
The Hindu Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan.
TOPICS
inquiry
Cites coalition “compulsions” in Ajit Pawar case
With just hours left for polling, the former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday landed in a major controversy with his hard-hitting interview to an English daily in which he conceded that he did not act against “corrupt” Congress leaders in the Adarsh scam to save his party from being “decimated.”
Citing “compulsions” of coalition politics, Mr. Chavan also said that though he did not give former deputy CM and NCP leader Ajit Pawar a clean chit in the multicrore irrigation scam, he did not sack him as it “would have brought down the government.”
However, Mr. Chavan later said his remarks had been “distorted” and whatever he had done in his tenure was in the public domain. “I always believed that law will take its own course,” he said.
Cashing in on the ‘self-goal’ made by Mr. Chavan, the BJP said his comments were admission of his guilt and complicity in the corruption.
“This is clear admission by him that he ran a corrupt government. He protected the corrupt members of his team,” BJP general secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
The “Adarsh scam brought under the scanner [former CMs and Congress leaders] Vilasrao Deshmukh, Sushil Shinde and Ashok Chavan — the top Congress leadership in the State. If I had taken action against them, the party would have been decimated in Maharashtra. We could not shed them,” Mr. Chavan told the daily.

Sebi-DLF saga: Should home buyers and investors sufferSebi-DLF saga: Should home buyers and investors suffer
Trade deficit widens in SeptemberTrade deficit widens in September
DLF erases Rs 7 438 cr of investor money | A buyYou are here: Home > Collections
DLF at life low post Sebi ban; Is it a buy after this sharp fall
Oct 14, 2014, 10.47AM IST
Tags:
ban
(Shares of India's biggest…)
MUMBAI: Shares of north-based realty major DLF plunged over 24 per cent in early trade after stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF, promoters and few employees from securities markets for three years.
The regulator found the company guilty of "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its public offer.
The order means that DLF will be prohibited from issuing of equities to raise funds and other instruments such as REITs and debentures.
Meanwhile, the company has reassured investors and other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise.
"DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advise of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its Offer documents. DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the Order passed by SEBI," the company clarified.
According to analysts, while the company is expected to appeal against the order, the stock will remain under pressure due to the recent negative newsflow.
Most brokerages have lowered the target price despite the stock's availability at cheap valuations. The orther adverse legal orders include Punjab and Haryana High Court's cancellation of 350 acres of land allocation at Wazirabad in Gurgaon and CCI's penalty of Rs 630 crore on the company.
Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that though the SEBI order will not materially alter the company's operations, it will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs.
"We are not overly worried about the diminished prospects of deleveraging as the company has now reduced leverage to ~0.6x. However, we do believe that a spate of unfavorable judicial/regulatory pronouncements can suppress sentiment," the Deutsche Bank report said.
The SEBI ban may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers Limited (DCCDL) into DLF. Moreover, refinancing its total non-bank debt, which amounts to ~45 per cent of its FY14 net debt of Rs 198 billion, may come under pressure, say analysts at Edelweiss.
"This is the third negative legal development for DLF in the past two months, post cancellation of Wazirabad land allocation and CCI's penalty payment order of Rs 6.3 billion. While we currently have a 'BUY' on DLF based on valuations, we believe the stock will come under pressure given successive legal / regulatory setbacks," Edelweiss report said.
Meanwhile, Standard Chartered has maintained its Outperform rating on the stock.
"We remain confident on annuity portfolio ramp-up and balance sheet consolidation. However, positive FCF and sales portfolio recovery may come only by 1QFY16, in our view. Negative news flow, such as adverse judgements from various authorities and potential local government changes, remain near-term overhangs on the stock, in our view," the report said.
Morgan Stanley remains underweight on the stock following the recent near-term earnings challenges, high dependence on the sluggish Gurgaon market, poor pipeline of older projects/delay in new launches and stretched balance sheet.
Following are brokerages ratings on DLF post SEBI order:
At 10:20 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 114, down 22.29 per cent, on the BSE. It plunged 24.16 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 111.25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI unlikely to cut rates despite fall in inflation: AnalystsBank of America Merill Lynch
(Even though headline retail…)
MUMBAI: Even though the headline retail inflation has eased to a five-year low of 6.5 per cent in September, analysts today said the Reserve Bank is unlikely to cut its key rates in the remaining period this fiscal.
"We believe that the RBI will remain on hold for the rest of this fiscal," ratings agency Crisil said in a note, citing factors like the continuing upward risks to the 6 per cent target for January 2016 that will make a rate reduction difficult.
Additionally, another restricting factor will be the implementation of a new monetary policy framework as suggested by the Urijit Patel committee, it added.
Singaporean brokerage DBS said the pressure is likely to build on the RBI for a cut, "but the central bank is unlikely to shed its cautious stance as yet" and Rajan will "look through these swings" in the inflation numbers.
Analysts attributed the lower September print at a low of 6.5 per cent to the base effect, something which RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had alluded to in the last monetary policy statement.
As for the trajectory in the future, they said apart from the high base, the ongoing correction in the global crude prices will also help ease inflation.
However, Japanese brokerage Nomura said there are "downside risks" to the RBI's January 2016 forecast on CPI, and added the number shall touch 6 per cent by mid-2015, much ahead of the targeted January 2016.
Similarly analysts at Bank of America Merill Lynch also said that it expects Rajan to hold rates at the December 2 policy announcement and cut them in February.
"We grow more confident that Governor Rajan will cut policy rates from February after CPI eased in September," they said in a note.
With official data released today saying that inflation measured by wholesale prices dropping to a five-year low of 2.7 per cent in September, analysts at Citi said the upside risks to the 6 percent CPI target have "subsided materially".
It said the benign outlook on global commodities, stability in the rupee, drop in core CPI and supply side efforts to contain food inflation make it confident on the inflation outlook.
In the past, Rajan, who has hiked rates thrice since September last year and continues to hold it at an elevated 8 per cent levels despite pressure from the pro-growth lobby, has said he prefers not to wage repeated battles on inflation and wants to fight it once for all.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF ends day 28% down; how Sebi ruling impacts stockYou are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
What Sebi order means for DLF stock and investors
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 03.44PM IST
Tags:
Deutsche Bank
(The ban on DLF is different…)
MUMBAI: Realty major DLF plunged 28 per cent in trade today to close at Rs 104.95, a day after market watchdog Sebi barred the company and its promoters for three years. What does it mean for the stock and the investors who are holding the shares of the company?
The ban on DLF is different from the penalty that Sebi levies against companies for non-adherence of compliances of certain listing conditions.
Unlike suspending the stock from trading , which would affect the non-promoters' group negatively, Sebi, in 2013, introduced a standard operating procedure for exchanges.
As per the SOP, listed entities for non-compliance due to non-submission and/or delay in submission of reports/documents to exchanges are fined on a daily basis. If non-compliance continues for two consecutive quarters, the exchanges can move the stock to 'Z' category, where the trades are settled on a trade-for-trade basis.
Over this, if the non-compliance continues, the exchange can freeze shares of promoters and promoter group. If the company still fails to submit relevant documents then the company's shares will be suspended.
This is not the case with DLF.
Now, talking about investors. What does the Sebi ban mean for investors:
According to analysts, while the company is expected to appeal against the order, the stock will remain under pressure due to the recent negative newsflow.
Most brokerages have lowered the target price despite the stock's availability at cheap valuations. The other adverse legal orders include Punjab and Haryana High Court's cancellation of 350 acres of land allocation at Wazirabad in Gurgaon and CCI's penalty of Rs 630 crore on the company.
Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that though Sebi order would not materially alter the company's operations, it will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs.
"We are not overly worried about the diminished prospects of deleveraging as the company has now reduced leverage to about 0.6x. However, we do believe that a spate of unfavorable judicial/regulatory pronouncements can suppress sentiment," the Deutsche Bank report said.
The Sebi ban may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers (DCCDL) into DLF. Moreover, refinancing its total non-bank debt, which amounts to ~45 per cent of its FY14 net debt of Rs 198 billion, may come under pressure, say analysts at Edelweiss.
"This is the third negative legal development for DLF in the past two months, post cancellation of Wazirabad land allocation and CCI's penalty payment order of Rs 6.3 billion. While we currently have a 'BUY' on DLF based on valuations, we believe the stock will come under pressure given successive legal / regulatory setbacks," Edelweiss report said.
Meanwhile, Standard Chartered has maintained its Outperform rating on the stock.
"We remain confident on annuity portfolio ramp-up and balance sheet consolidation. However, positive FCF and sales portfolio recovery may come only by 1QFY16, in our view. Negative news flow, such as adverse judgements from various authorities and potential local government changes, remain near-term overhangs on the stock, in our view," the report said.
Morgan Stanley remains underweight on the stock following the recent near-term earnings challenges, high dependence on the sluggish Gurgaon market, poor pipeline of older projects/delay in new launches and stretched balance sheet.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil to see slow growth in demandOil to see slow growth in demand
Watch: 58-foot whale washes up on shoreMassive Dead Whale Washes Ashore On Long Island
Recommend
Link
1 month 17 days ago, Tribune
A dead whale washed ashore on Long Island, an animal rescue group said. The whale was spotted on Thursday on the sand at Smith Point Beach in Suffolk County, according to the Riverhead Foundation, a nonprofit group based on Long Island that rescues and rehabilitates marine mammals in New York.
More on Tribune:

Shootout at Connaught PlaceNeema-Goel.html    Cached
Neema Goel Connaught Place Shootout Case: Neema Goel, wife of Pradeep Goel, who along with Jagjit Singh was killed in a cold-blooded shootout by a Delhi Police team ...
Also Try

AAP cleanliness drive-wont-be-part-of...    Cached
The AAP Tuesday said that it would join the nation in cleanliness drive Oct 2, but would not be a part of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan to be launched by Prime Minister ...

Arm  and the man: Saeed Ajmal5th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Sun 23 Nov, 2014 7:07 PM IST
Kohli & Co. Get Down To Business
Sun 23 Nov, 2014 2:02 PM IST
Gary Kirsten - Determined batsman, astute coach
Sun 23 Nov, 2014 11:34 AM IST
Former South Africa opening batsman Gary Kirsten was born on 23 November 1967 in Cape Town. Though not the most attacking batsman, Kirsten had strong powers of concentration and skill as well determination, that made him one his country's best opening batsmen.
Pakistan vs New Zealand, 2nd Test
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 1:24 PM IST
4th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 5:31 PM IST
A Tale of Tons at the World Cup
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 12:59 PM IST
Of the 127 centuries scored in World Cups, just two were made in the 1979 edition, while 24 were plundered in the latest 2011 tournament. 22 hundreds have been scored by an Australian and 20 by an Indian across the nine editions.
World Cup: Highest individual scores
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 12:28 PM IST
In this installment of Counting Down to the World Cup we look at the evolution of the highest individual score, from Dennis Amiss' plod against India in 1975, to Gary Kirsten's opportunistic flagellation of the UAE in 1996.
These Men Have More Runs Than Anybody In International Cricket
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 3:31 PM IST
Presenting the 20,000-run club in international cricket—and the gentlemen who may enter it soon. [ALSO SEE: The Highest Run Scorers of All Time ]
Highest Totals at the World Cup
Wed 19 Nov, 2014 2:28 PM IST
That this list includes no items from the first three editions is clearly indicative of the trend of modern cricket that accords the bat, at least in the shorter formats, an iniquitous advantage over the ball. Smaller grounds, heavier willows, field restrictions and changed mindsets may have the purists … More » Highest Totals at the World Cup

The gritty Indian opener turns 335th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Sun 23 Nov, 2014 7:07 PM IST
Kohli & Co. Get Down To Business
Sun 23 Nov, 2014 2:02 PM IST
Gary Kirsten - Determined batsman, astute coach
Sun 23 Nov, 2014 11:34 AM IST
Former South Africa opening batsman Gary Kirsten was born on 23 November 1967 in Cape Town. Though not the most attacking batsman, Kirsten had strong powers of concentration and skill as well determination, that made him one his country's best opening batsmen.
Pakistan vs New Zealand, 2nd Test
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 1:24 PM IST
4th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 5:31 PM IST
A Tale of Tons at the World Cup
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 12:59 PM IST
Of the 127 centuries scored in World Cups, just two were made in the 1979 edition, while 24 were plundered in the latest 2011 tournament. 22 hundreds have been scored by an Australian and 20 by an Indian across the nine editions.
World Cup: Highest individual scores
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 12:28 PM IST
In this installment of Counting Down to the World Cup we look at the evolution of the highest individual score, from Dennis Amiss' plod against India in 1975, to Gary Kirsten's opportunistic flagellation of the UAE in 1996.
These Men Have More Runs Than Anybody In International Cricket
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 3:31 PM IST
Presenting the 20,000-run club in international cricket—and the gentlemen who may enter it soon. [ALSO SEE: The Highest Run Scorers of All Time ]
Highest Totals at the World Cup
Wed 19 Nov, 2014 2:28 PM IST
That this list includes no items from the first three editions is clearly indicative of the trend of modern cricket that accords the bat, at least in the shorter formats, an iniquitous advantage over the ball. Smaller grounds, heavier willows, field restrictions and changed mindsets may have the purists … More » Highest Totals at the World Cup

Zuckerberg gives $25 million to fight EbolaZuckerberg donates $25 million to fight Ebola
By Chris Isidore   @CNNTech October 14, 2014: 12:45 PM ET
Mark and Priscilla Zuckerberg were the most generous donors in 2013, according to The Chronicle of Philanthropy.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg will donate $25 million to combat the outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus.
The money will go to the CDC Foundation, the charitable organization that raises and distributes funds on behalf the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to public health organizations.
"We need to get Ebola under control in the near term so that it doesn't spread further and become a long term global health crisis that we end up fighting for decades at large scale, like HIV or polio," he said on a posting on Facebook . "We believe our grant is the quickest way to empower the CDC and the experts in this field to prevent this outcome."
Related: Chocolate companies join Ebola fight
The United States had its first fatality from the current Ebola outbreak last week when Thomas Eric Duncan died in a Dallas hospital last week. One of the nurses who treated him has also been diagnosed with the disease. But more than 3,000 deaths and 8,000 cases have been reported so far in the Western African nations of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
 
Melinda Gates on Ebola: 'Vast inequities'
So far health organizations have said that donations to fight the disease are lagging far behind what's needed for medicine, protective clothing for aid workers and to safely bury the dead. The United Nations estimates it will take $1 billion to combat the current outbreak.
Related: Ebola donations lag
Zuckerberg said he was making the donation along with his wife Priscilla. The two of them topped The Chronicle of Philanthropy's list of most generous donors for 2013, with contributions totaling $1 billion. Most of that came from 18 million Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) shares they gave to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation.
-- CNNMoney's Melanie Hicken contributed to this report
First Published: October 14, 2014: 11:23 AM ET
Most Popular

REFILE-UPDATE 8-Oil rout unrelenting  hits $86 on dim demand view  rising shaleREFILE-UPDATE 8-Oil rout unrelenting  hits $86 on dim demand view  rising shale
Sebi bar singes DLF scripSebi bar singes DLF scrip
Falling Inflation May Not Be Enough  Trade Deficit WidensFalling Inflation May Not Be Enough  Trade Deficit Widens
Market regulator fines GlaxoMarket regulator fines Glaxo
ISRO plans to send an Indian into spaceAfter Mangalyaan to Mars, Isro plans to send an Indian into space
By Hari Pulakkat , ET Bureau | 15 Oct, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
The total budget sanctioned was just  Rs 145 crore to make the crew module and other technologies necessary for a human flight into space.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: Within a few weeks, the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) will team up with the Indian Air Force to conduct a simple experiment: it will drop a 3.7-tonne capsule from a height of 3.5 km and try to land it softly with parachutes. If successful, Isro will take this capsule in November-end to a height of 120 km on a rocket and eject it from there, to be recovered from the sea after a soft landing. Success in this experiment would be the first step in Isro's next frontier: human space flight.
Isro has made this capsule, called the crew module, in record time with very little money. The total budget sanctioned was just Rs 145 crore to make the crew module, space suits and other technologies necessary for a human flight into space. Isro still has money left for some more work. The development lasted just over a year and a half, once again emphasising the frugal nature of Isro's engineering. "We wanted to show that we can do this if there is a need," says Isro Chairman K Radhakrishnan.
An actual human flight requires political clearance and heavy investments , a study seven years ago put the cost at Rs 12,400 crore. But Isro is readying itself by developing all necessary technologies. The crew module that is set to fly in November is built to be just like in a final human mission, with only the internal layouts being different. While the helicopter experiment will test the parachutes, an experimental GSLV Mark III flight in November-end will test the re-entry capabilities of the module.
Isro had done a study seven years ago about the requirements of a human flight, but never really pursued it seriously because a good human-rated vehicle was not ready. The reliable Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) could carry only one person, and so was not a candidate for human flight . The Geostationary Launch Vehicle (GSLV) had a few failures, leaving Isro with no tested vehicle for launching humans into space yet. The current contender is the GSLV Mark III, the completely new heavy lifter that Isro is developing. It is still a few years away from first launch, but technology development is proceeding at full pace.
One can get a taste of the eventual flight from within a model capsule that is kept at the Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC) in Thiruvananthapuram. Two crew members lie looking up into the roof of the module, watching all the flight data as they move up. The rocket with the passengers would lift off from Sriharikota, move in a nearstraight line towards Australia , where the crew module is pushed into orbit at a height of about 270 km by the cryogenic engine. The module completes seven days in orbit and then descend into the atmosphere to land softly in the sea. This landing and recovery will be tested in end November, but from a height of 120 km. A crew module needs highly sophisticated engineering, as the conditions of descent into the atmosphere are very harsh. The temperatures cross 1,500 degrees centigrade and the forces on the module as it slows down can be 13 times that of gravity; with crew inside feeling a force of four times gravity. The crew module has to withstand these forces and also keep the crew safe. The thermal protection system of the current module is made to be good enough for actual re-entry. The deceleration system of the module is as in the final mission. "With this flight data we would be confident about our aero-thermal predictions," says S Unnikrishnan Nair, Project Director, Human Space Programme.
Page 1 of 2

From defence to fish  Oslo and Delhi sign thirteen agreementsUpdated: October 15, 2014 05:31 IST
From defence to fish, Oslo and Delhi sign thirteen agreements
Amit Baruah
PTI President Pranab Mukherjee with Queen Sonja, King Harald V and Crown Princess Mette-Marit, attending a state banquet at Royal Palace in Oslo, Norway on Monday.
TOPICS
Norway
As many as 13 agreements were signed between Indian and Norwegian entities on the second and concluding day of President Pranab Mukherjee’s visit to this Scandinavian nation.
The agreements, which range from a statement of intent between the Defence Research & Development Organisation (DRDO) and the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment and setting up a state-of-the-art fish farming unit outside Delhi, also had IIT-Kanpur, Hyderabad University and several other educational institutions reaching accord with their Norwegian counterparts.
The President, in his address to a joint business gathering, announced that Norwegian tourists would soon be given the visa-on-arrival facility, even as Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg said Oslo would open a new consulate in Mumbai.
As Mr. Mukherjee suggested that Norway’s $900-billion pension fund would increase its exposure to India, given the new Narendra Modi government’s intent to create an enabling business climate, Ms. Solberg said pension fund decisions were made independently of the government.
“Norway’s sovereign wealth [pension] fund decisions are made on the perception of the business environment,” she stressed. “They will invest where they feel they should.”
The President hoped that there would be an “early conclusion” to ongoing talks for a free trade and investment agreement between India and the four-nation European Free Trade Association, of which Norway is a key member. Referring to the Modi government’s pitch to “Make in India,” Mr. Mukherjee said, “the Indian government is committed to a business-friendly environment — impediment-free, predictable, facilitatory and transparent.”
At a separate press briefing, Ms. Solberg said the Norwegian government did not direct private investment but played the role of a “service provider” to business ventures.

Some reason  some controversial views on civil servantsUpdated: October 13, 2014 23:49 IST
Some reason, some controversial views on civil servants
Govindan Nair
GOVERNANCE IN SOUTH ASIA — State of the Civil Services: Edited by K.S. Chalam; Sage Publications India Pvt. Ltd., B 1/I-1, Mohan Cooperative Industrial Area, Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044. Rs. 895.
TOPICS
non-fiction
In a nutshell, the principal thesis put forward by Professor Chalam in this volume, of which he is the editor and to which he has contributed three pieces, is that the country’s early achievements are attributable to civil servants who “carried the legacy of utilitarianism and built the independent country with dedication, integrity and commitment”. The identity of the civil service was shaped by an overall Indianness, “with checks and balances drawn from traditional laws of the land”. After liberalisation, he avers, these qualities have been swept away by business values borrowed from the developed world and “external pressures for inapt reforms”.
Among these “inapt reforms”, Chalam seems to include the Prevention of Corruption Act, right to information laws and attendant institutional arrangements. He warns that some of the contributors to this book have been carried away by Western thinking and seem to desire that “the civil service as it exists becomes dysfunctional and undergoes reorientation”. These are controversial views that are likely to be challenged on historical and ideological counts. Leave alone defend his position with conviction; Chalam is content with subjective generalisations.
Accusing early civil servants of elitism and self-serving abuse of power, he says that by the 1970s the majority “succumbed or were co-opted into the grand design of hedonism”. Creating a varna system in the civil services with themselves at the apex, “depraved” and arrogant IAS officers with little domain knowledge and disregard for constitutional norms, manipulated “illiterate political bosses” or aligned with powerful interests for corrupt personal ends. Chalam’s venom is not limited to the IAS: secular credentials of IPS officials are questioned; financial misdemeanours are alleged to be especially prevalent in some central services; the judiciary is impugned for its “ideological orientation”; and so on. Such taunts have been heard before, but the flippant insouciance with which they are bandied in a book that purports to be of academic nature is disconcerting.
The idea of this book germinated at a conference of national public service commissions of the South Asian region, at which Prof. Chalam represented India in his then capacity as member of the Union Public Service Commission. The aim was to compile papers on the status of civil services and service commissions in countries of the region. The product, however, is decidedly India-centric: several articles including case studies, written mostly by retired Indian bureaucrats; and four factual reports outlining the constitutional provisions and status of public service commissions in the neighbourhood.
In a reasoned and concise piece, M. H. Ansari, Vice President of India, lists the challenges to governance today. Pointing to a conceptual shift from mai-baap sarkar to rights-based governance, he emphasises the accompanying imperatives of equity and inclusion. Civil servants are functionaries of the state, he insists, and not of the government alone. Addressing the vital bureaucratic virtue of neutrality, Bhure Lal recounts how Britain’s Prime Minister Attlee retained the same team of officials, including the principal private secretary, that served under his predecessor Winston Churchill. The civil servant as a faceless entity fosters professionalism and overall administrative efficiency. He is bound to assist the political executive to implement their agenda within the framework of the law. Lal observes that politics and politicisation have made the job of civil servants increasingly tenuous. While politicians must be educated about bureaucratic neutrality, civil servants should have the courage to stand firm against demands that go against the rule-book. Lal believes that “half the administrative problems will disappear” if politicians are denied the power to influence transfers of officials.
In a separate lengthy article on corruption in the All India Services, Bhure Lal argues that liberalisation undermines Indian spirituality. He espouses Indian values to combat corruption but, also says, contradictorily, that “the Indian way of life makes all laws and institutions function defectively”. The list of measures to tackle corruption that Lal presents is of marginal topicality because much has transpired in the years since the piece was written. Madhav Godbole, another retired civil servant, speaks about re-invention of the civil servant in the wake of economic reforms. Here again, the article was written more than a decade ago limiting its relevance in today’s context.
N.Vittal, a former Central Vigilance Commissioner, attributes the poor quality of governance to lack of a sense of accountability that is “the soul of public service”. He rues the prevalence of corruption, but is blithely confident that governance will improve in the future. B.K.Chaturvedi and Sekhar Chandra look at performance across states in the education and health sectors, and highlight the critical importance of good governance in delivering optimal outcomes. Reflecting on a satisfying career in the Customs and Central Excise Service, Parveen Talha regrets that the valuable experience of officers of this service at the cutting edge of fiscal reforms is rarely utilised at policy-making levels of government. Humera Ahmed writes of the transformation of Indian Post and her rewarding tenure in this little-known service.
The contents of this book are of uneven quality and several pieces, written years ago, are of limited utility today. The shortcomings of the volume are compounded by shoddy editing.

Vizag struggles to cope with Hudhud havocUpdated: October 14, 2014 11:46 IST
Vizag struggles to cope with Hudhud havoc
G.S. Subrahmanyam
Tweet
PTI A view of the damaged airport in the aftermath of Cyclone Hudhud in Visakhapatnam on Monday.
Trees move violently as wind blows at a speed of 220 kmph in Visakhapatnam on Sunday evening. Photo: K.R. Deepak
People wait in front of a petrol bunk at Siripuram in Visakhapatnam in the aftermath of Cyclone Hudhud on Monday. Photo: K.R. Deepak
TOPICS
Power supply hit, food runs out
Cyclone Hudhud that battered the city on Sunday disrupted life.
Power supply was hit as poles were uprooted and transformers ripped out and strewn on the road. Numerous trees that got uprooted snapped the power lines. Without power there was neither water supply nor phone connectivity. Mobile networks were down in most parts of the city. There was no milk supply on Sunday or Monday morning in many parts of the city.
People who had not anticipated the severity of the cyclone made a beeline for street corner shops for milk and provisions. Long storage ultra heat treated milk was sold at a premium. Bread and other ready-to-eat foods quickly disappeared off the shelves.
“I bought everything but overlooked stocking up milk on Saturday evening and had to make do with black tea for the whole of Sunday,” consultant ophthalmologist U.S.N. Murthy said on Monday as he bought UHT milk. His cousin was fortunate as the milkman came to deliver milk at his doorstep later in the day.
“We had to get our neighbours to help clear the broken trees that blocked their homes as there were no civic staff or ministerial workers visible to clear the roads,” said company secretary of Visakha Industrial Water Supply Company Ltd Y. Subba Rao.
Glass shards from the facades of modern buildings and window panes lay scattered on the roads.

No  Washington  D.C.  Is Not the Most Expensive City in AmericaA blog about business and economics.
Oct. 14 2014 3:00 PM
No, Washington, D.C., Is Not the Most Expensive City in America
 
People spend a lot of money living here. But that doesn't make it the most expensive city.
Photo by Bruce Bennett/Getty Images
Yesterday, the Washington Post reported that, according to a recent government study, the D.C. region was "the most expensive place to live in the country, ahead of the pricey markets of New York and San Francisco." I hate to be the guy complaining that somebody said something wrong on the Internet, but the study stated no such thing.
The Post article is based on a report by the Bureau of Labor Statistics that looked at how much the average household spent on housing and related expenses in 19 U.S. metro areas—meaning cities and their surrounding suburbs. And indeed, Washington metro residents shelled out the most for their homes, their utilities, and things like furniture.
BLS
Advertisement
Here’s the problem. Looking at what the average household spends on housing doesn’t actually tell us whether a metro area is expensive. It just tells us what people spend, whether it’s because they can’t find more affordable options or because they’re well off and want to own an oversize home with a nice backyard. Washington, D.C., isn’t the cheapest city in which to rent an apartment. But the region has the highest median income among the top 25 largest metro areas. And if you’ve ever driven through its particularly affluent suburbs , you know they’re chock-full of McMansions that probably push up average spending on things like home furnishings and air conditioning bills. Washingtonians—and their suburban neighbors—spend a lot on housing in part because they can afford to.
There’s a slightly bigger point to make here. Even if Washington, D.C., did have the least affordable housing in the country, that wouldn’t necessarily make it the least affordable city. As I’ve written before , judging whether a city is relatively expensive means taking into consideration factors like transportation, since it’s much cheaper commuting every day on a bus or subway than it is to own a car. In cities with weak public schools, families have to worry about the cost of educating their children. Taxes change the equation, too. And so on. Any report that only looks at a few statistics about housing costs to declare which city is the least affordable would be misleading at best.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

Stage set for high-stakes polls in Maharashtra  HaryanaComments
Some 10 crore people will vote to elect new governments in Maharashtra and Haryana on Wednesday, a major test as much of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s personal charisma as his party’s strategy to abandon long-standing allies in search of political majority in two key states.
An election official checks an EVM at a distribution centre on the eve of voting for assembly elections in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
A victory will not only reaffirm Modi’s appeal with voters but also silence detractors of his new party leadership, which was blamed for a string of defeats in assembly by-elections that tempered the euphoria of his Lok Sabha triumph.
 
For the Congress, a poor result will possibly stoke further murmurs against Rahul Gandhi’s leadership of the Congress.
Read: All you need to know about Maharashtra elections 2014
 
The vote will also test the mettle of some of the country’s most powerful regional parties such as the Shiv Sena, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) in the western state as well as the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) in Haryana.
 
Within a span of about two weeks, Modi addressed 27 public meetings in Maharashtra and 11 in Haryana, a rare staking of a prime minister’s personal prestige on a high-octane state campaign. He urged voters to hand the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) a clear majority for better governance and faster development.
Pre-poll surveys show that voters may be willing to heed that request, with the numbers putting the BJP slightly ahead in the race.
 
"The BJP is likely to get an absolute majority and in terms of number of seats it could be between 150 and 160, including 40 to 45 in Vidarbha region," said BJP leader and Union minister Nitin Gadkari.
 
In comparison, the Congress campaign appeared to lack steam, with Congress vice-president Rahul and president Sonia Gandhi addressing a few meetings towards close of electioneering in the two states.
 
In Maharashtra, where some 9.33 crore people are eligible to vote, the BJP snapped its 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena following differences over sharing of seats but also with hopes that Modi’s personal charisma will help it tap into growing anti-incumbency against the Congress-NCP’s 15-year rule.
The elections are the first for the Shiv Sena after the death of Bal Thackeray.
 
A pre-poll spat over seats also saw the curtains come down on the Congress-NCP alliance in the state, with political parties keeping their post-poll options open in a five-horse race.
 
Prominent candidates in the state include former Congress chief minister Prithviraj Chavan as well as former deputy CM Ajit Pawar and former ministers RR Patil and Chhagan Bhujbal of the NCP. For the BJP, state chief Devendra Fadnavis, Eknath Khadse, Vinod Tawde and Pankaja Munde are in the fray.
 
In Haryana as well the BJP called off its partnership with the Haryana Janhit Congress. The state is expected to see a three-corner contest between the BJP, Congress and the INLD which saw its jailed leader Om Prakash Chautala campaigning out on bail on medical grounds.
 
The Congress is seeking a third term there.
The main contestants in the state include chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and Randeep Surjewala of Congress, Chautala’s son Abhay, daughter-in-law Naina and grandson Dushyant (all INLD), former Union minister Venod Sharma and former MP Kuldeep Bishnoi and his elder brother and former deputy chief minister Chander Mohan.
 
The BJP has not named its chief ministerial candidate in either state.
 

DLF s KP Singh: Meet the man who built Gurgaon out of nothingnessBritish Airways
(“He is among the first…)
NEW DELHI: There is little Kushal Pal Singh hasn't seen. He built the city of Gurgaon out of nothingness. He also saw it begin to crumble under its own weight. He almost sold DLF for Rs 26 lakh, but later also saw the value of his shareholding in it climb to Rs 1,87,920 crore. Now, it's declined to just Rs 14,701 crore. In 2007, he was celebrated for bringing India's biggest IPO.
Seven years later, he stands condemned by Sebi, for failing to disclose material information in that very offer. He has also seen both friends and foes occupy high places.
"He is among the first who had the vision of a large-sized modern building that is as good as any in developed countries," says Hemendra Kothari, a veteran investment banker. Now, cash flow questions are being asked about many of his ongoing property projects. "Consistent with the title of his autobiography 'Whatever the Odds', his ride is neither smooth nor straightforward. It is evident that KP Singh has cut corners," says ASV Krishnan, senior research analyst at Ambit Capital.
When KP Singh ventured into Gurgaon in late seventies, no one would have imagined what it would become over the next few decades. Good fortune and intent and perseverance all played a part.
His now famous chance meeting with Rajiv Gandhi and his partnership approach with farmers from whom he bought land from are both legendary.
"Amidst the vast landscape of barren land that was once Gurgaon, he had the vision and foresight to see the potential to create a world class city," says a real estate developer who has followed DLF for many years. KP Singh also escorted General Electric into India in 1989, leading to the birth of the BPO industry. At that time, foreign companies were wary about doing business in India.
But Singh persuaded General Electric in Gurgaon to open its pilot office for outsourcing companies. Gurgaon later became home to many multinational including Nestle, American Express, PepsiCo, IBM , British Airways and Ericsson. Born on August 15, 1931 at Bulandshahar in Uttar Pradesh, Singh graduated in Science from Meerut College. He went to UK to study Aeronautical Engineering where he was selected to the prestigious Indian Army , by British Officers Services Selection Board, UK. He joined the Indian Military Academy at Dehradun and was later on commissioned into The Deccan Horse — a renowned cavalry regiment of The Indian Army.
His competitors have nothing but respect for him. "KP Singh has seen many ups and down," says a veteran CEO of another real estate firm, requesting not to be named. "But he has the trait to bounce back."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fed Reserve downplays global risks  eyes US inflationFederal Reserve's John Williams downplays global risks, eyes US inflation
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 03.47AM IST
If US economic growth does pick up, Williams said the Fed could raise rates sooner than currently expected. But the bigger concern is a downturn, he said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: A bellwether Federal Reserve policymaker on Tuesday downplayed concerns about weakness in the global economy, saying the US central bank should only delay an interest rate hike next year if inflation or wages fail to perk up.
John Williams , president of the San Francisco Fed, said in an interview that the first line of defense at the central bank, if needed, would be to telegraph that US rates would stay near zero for longer than mid-2015, when he currently expects them to rise.
If the outlook changes "significantly," with inflation showing little sign of returning to the central bank's 2-per cent target, he said he would even be open to another round of asset purchases.
The comments from Williams, seen as a good barometer of the views of Fed Chair Janet Yellen, suggest the central bank has been little moved by growing concerns in financial markets over weakness in Europe and China, and remains on track to lift rates. In the interview, Williams repeated he is comfortable with his call for a rate hike about nine months from now.
But "if inflation isn't moving above 1.5 (per cent) and we get stuck into that gear, that would argue for a later liftoff," he said. "If we don't see any improvement in wages, that would be a sign that we still have a lot of slack in the economy and we are not getting any inflationary pressure to move inflation back to 2 per cent."
MARKETS NOT FAR FROM FED RATE VIEW
A key adviser to Yellen for years, Williams will rotate into a voting spot on the Fed's policymaking panel next year when the central bank is widely expected to start moving benchmark borrowing costs higher for the first time in nearly a decade.
As signals of European weakness grew stronger last week, investors pushed back their expectations for when the Fed would raise rates from June to September of next year, and they see a more gradual pace of rate hikes than predicted by Fed officials.
Asked about shifting investor bets, Williams expressed little concern, saying markets had a fundamentally correct view of the likely path of Fed policy.
"If the problem we are facing is the difference of a couple of (Fed) meetings, I really think those are not that meaningful," he said. "As the data come in, as the forecasts evolve, one view or another will be proved right."
Page 1 of 3

For DLF  Sebi order is like a 9-richter quakeSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI | DELHI: In the roughand-tumble world of real estate, where big money, political clout and sharp practices often come together, rarely does a property brand enjoy the limelight for more than a decade.
In Mumbai, the country's hottest realty market , Rahejas and Hiranandanis who ruled the city ten years ago have been overtaken by Lodhas and Oberois, while in Delhi developers like Ansals who occupied the top slot in the '90s had to give way to Unitech and DLF. This story is now taking another turn.
After Monday's regulatory onslaught, one may wonder whether DLF, the country's largest builder which had pulled off a stunning initial public offer and accumulated a huge land bank, can ever regain its prowess, whether crushing debt, crippling fund-raising restrictions and hostile politics will force it to shrink and make way for new moneybags.
BEST-LAID PLANS
The Sebi order couldn't have come at a worse time for DLF. The company will not only miss out on opportunities to place shares in a bull market to lower debt or float debentures when interest rates are beginning to soften, the regulatory directive could derail a restructuring plan that was in the works. In all likelihood, DLF would be forced to postpone a plan to list its rental assets as a real estate investment trust (REIT). As a precursor to REIT, the company had planned to acquire 40 per cent economic interest of promoters KP Singh and his family in its rental business, DLF Assets, through a share-swap deal, a transaction that would have taken the promoters' stake to over 75 per cent and require DLF to do a share placement to institutional investors.
DLF has over 26 million sq ft of rental assets that generate a rental income of over Rs 2,000 crore. According to estimates, if the company lists all its rental assets as REITS, it would raise over Rs 15,000 crore. All this will not happen in a hurry. DLF currently has six new projects in Gurgaon, one in Bhubaneswar and about 18 are in an advanced stage of construction. Like many property buyers who may now think twice before buying a DLF project, analysts are also sceptical. The order, said analyst Abhishek Saraf in a Deutsche Bank report, "will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs". Additionally, it may change the contours of the capital restructuring arising from imminent maturity of Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares in one of DLF's subsidiaries. According to an Edelweiss report, by Aashiesh Agarwaal and Akshay Rao, the order may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers into DLF. ET's email query to DLF remained unanswered till the time of going to the press.
BALANCE SHEET CAN BE DECEPTIVE
To the casual eye, DLF's balance sheet looks optimum if not robust for the kind of business it does. For instance, while it had a long-term debt and liability of close to Rs 19,000 crore at the end of June 2014 quarter, the corresponding equity position was Rs 29,263 crore. Moreover, the total equity has risen from Rs 26,332 crore in FY11, reflecting retained profit. Borrowings, on the other hand, have fallen from Rs 20,781 crore three years ago. This means an improved debt-equity ratio of 0.6 at the end of the June 2014 quarter from 0.8 at the end of March 2011. What misses the general gaze is the fact that capital-intensive businesses such as realty need a continuous cash flow to pay interest on debt and keep the debt-equity ratio in check. And, this could prove to be the Achilles Heel for the nation's largest publicly listed realty player .
Page 1 of 2

Inflation at five year lowInflation at five year low
India loses WTO case against US poultry goodsIndia loses WTO case against US poultry goods
Cyclone Hudhud s toll rises to 24; Visakhapatnam worst hitCyclone kills 24 in east India, sparks fears of floods
By By Jatindra Dash | Reuters –  Mon 13 Oct, 2014
Print
By Jatindra Dash
VISAKHAPATNAM India (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The death toll from a powerful cyclone which battered India's eastern coastline rose to 24 on Monday, as the storm weakened and moved inland, leaving a swathe of destruction and triggering fears heavy rains would bring flash floods.
Packing wind speeds of up to 195 kph (over 120 mph), cyclone Hudhud hammered the coasts of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha on Sunday, forcing tens of thousands of coastal inhabitants to seek safety in storm shelters.
In the port city of Visakhapatnam, home to two million people, government workers began removing uprooted trees which had blocked roads, restoring snapped power and telecoms lines and clearing up debris including sign boards and corrugated iron roofs which had been ripped off buildings by the strong gusts.
"I do not know how many days it will take to restore my business. I have lost everything," said Heusikeswa Rao, a trader in Visakhapatnam, as he tried to gather the pieces of wood and metal which once formed his stall.
Huge lines were seen at the few petrol stations which reopened after a two-day closure as people carrying jerry cans jostled to get fuel which was in short supply. Residents also resorted to panic buying items such as milk, candles and kerosene in some places.
Few shops were open and schools and many offices were closed due to poor telecoms and no power for the second day in a row.
Officials in Andhra Pradesh, which reported 21 deaths, said initial surveys found that thousands of houses had been damaged and there was widespread destruction to banana, sugarcane and rice crops in the districts of Visakhapatnam, Srikakulam, East Godavari and Vijaynagaram.
Tens of thousands of people spent a third night in cyclone shelters due to damage to their home or a lack of food or clean drinking water in their villages, officials said.
FOOD AIRDROPS
Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh N. Chandrababu Naidu, who visited Visakhapatnam on Monday, said he was fully confident that response to the disaster would be quick.
"Visakhapatnam is a place I like very much. But, it is painful to see the city this way today," Naidu told reporters.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said he would visit the area on Tuesday. "Have been constantly taking updates on Cyclone Hudhud ... Will visit Visakhapatnam tomorrow and take stock of the situation," Modi tweeted.
Authorities in Visakhapatnam, locally known as Vizag, said 19 helicopters had been dispatched to drop food and water packets to affected villages. Four naval ships were also being readied to sail to the coast, carrying relief material for 5,000 people, and four more ships were on standby if required.
The relatively low death toll reported so far followed an operation to evacuate more than 150,000 people to minimise the risk to lives from Hudhud - similar in size and power to cyclone Phailin that struck the area exactly a year ago. 
According to India's weather office, Hudhud has weakened into a deep depression but is expected to dump heavy rains in northern and northeastern India and, eventually, snow when it reaches the Himalayan mountains.
Aid workers warned the rains were likely to inundate large tracts of farmland, comparing it to Phailin's incessant rains last year which caused major rivers and tributaries to overflow, submerging villages and stranding hundreds of thousands of people for days after the cyclone had passed.
In the coastal fishing village of Mangamaripeta, 25 km (15 miles) from Visakhapatnam, where scores of thatched homes had been swept away by storm surges, inhabitants waited for aid.
"We do not know how we manage for the next few days," said N. Bangaramma, housewife and mother of three. "Our house was damaged. Whatever we had was washed away."
(Additional reporting by Malini Menon in New Delhi. Writing by Nita Bhalla, Editing by Katie Nguyen)
Recommend

4 119 candidates in fray for todays Maharashtra polls4 119 candidates in fray for todays Maharashtra polls
Nokia seeks nod to sell Chennai unitNokia seeks nod to sell Chennai unit
Young voters can change Haryana equationsYoung voters can change Haryana equations
Shantha starts phase III trials for rotavirus vaccineShantha starts phase III trials for rotavirus vaccine
Courtyard Boston Norwood/Canton Entices Football Fans With New NFL PackageCourtyard Boston Norwood/Canton Entices Football Fans With New NFL Package
Our pick: Women who shined this weekBest dressed this week
One of this season's biggest trends, monochrome, took the spotlight this week.
Neha Dhupia worked the colour combo in an Urvashi Joneja crop and patterned skirt (a complete contrast to the embellished scarlet jacket by Royal Nilgiri she wore a few nights earlier). Katrina Kaif's pin-striped Roland Mouret dress was more office-appropriate, while Lisa Haydon's blouse and cut-out skirt is a lesson in relaxed chic.
Jessica Chastain's A-line Oscar de la Renta, on the other hand, created a glamorous '50s vibe. Instead of pairing black with white, Huma Qureshi stepped out this week wearing only ebony. Her picks: a sultry Bebe jumpsuit, complete with a plunging mesh neckline (worn with intense red lips), then a sparkling Rohit Gandhi + Rahul Khanna cocktail dress, blanced out with fresh, barely-there make-up.
Sticking with prints, Sonam Kapoor went floral this week, promoting her new film Khoobsurat in an earthy shirt-and-skirt combo. Shraddha Kapoor followed suit in a lush little number from Miss Selfridge. The third star to go all-out in blooms was Reese Witherspoon, wearing Christian Dior.
- Nitya Chablani

Adding up the nickels and dimesUpdated: October 14, 2014 02:01 IST
Adding up the nickels and dimes
Suhasini Haidar
Tweet
PTI IN STEP: “The expectations on the personal front between Mr. Modi and Mr. Obama were more than met given their interactions and the particularly poignant visit to Martin Luther King Jr's memorial.” Picture shows them at the memorial in Washington.
TOPICS
international relations
None of the unfulfilled expectations of Narendra Modi’s visit to the U.S. takes away from his substantial achievements in restarting relations that had been in cold storage for months
“I do not think Prime Ministers visits actually produce nickel and dime outcomes,” former National Security Advisor Shivshankar Menon said at an event in Washington this week when faced with questions about specific outcomes of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the United States . “I do not think that’s the purpose. The purpose is to push relationship as a whole forward, which was achieved,” he added.
Mr. Menon, the key official who has been squiring India-U.S. relations for the past decade — first as Foreign Secretary and then as National Security Advisor — can certainly not be faulted for his conclusions. Mr. Modi has won applause all around for his five-day visit to New York and Washington. Yet as the dust settles on the Prime Minister’s travels, it is important that some amount of stocktaking or “nickel and diming” also be done in order to assess the real costs and benefits of the visit, as it represents a major point in Mr. Modi’s foreign policy.
Comparing visits
The visit to the U.S. came in unprecedented circumstances. The past year has seen a sudden free fall for India-U.S. relations, symbolised by the extreme reactions to the Devyani Khobragade incident on both sides. Added to that was the awkwardness with which the U.S. handled ties with Mr. Modi, who was a clear front-runner in the elections. The late reachout to him over the visa ban had to be compensated for in a very short period of time after he was elected. As a result, Mr. Modi’s U.S. visit cannot be compared with the first visits of previous Indian Prime Ministers. Atal Bihari Vajpayee, for example, had another sort of welcome because of the big thaw he brought in relations between the countries in 2000, as did Manmohan Singh when the nuclear deal was announced some years later or when he visited in 2009 — a year after the Mumbai attacks — as U.S. President Barack Obama’s first state guest.
Nor can Mr. Modi’s visit to the U.S. be compared to his visits to other countries given the high stakes, the importance of the India-U.S. relationship to his plans for the economy, and the pitch to the massive Indian-American community in the U.S. The visit then must be graded on the expectations raised on both sides. While the expectations on the personal front between Mr. Modi and Mr. Obama were more than met given their interactions and the particularly poignant visit to Martin Luther King Jr’s memorial , the specifics or “nickels and dimes” do not add up on several other fronts.
Mr. Modi’s assurances to U.S. businesses already invested in India have gone a long way in securing their interest in the Indian market
In Washington, expectations were clearly enunciated — the administration hoped for support for the U.S.’s coalition against the Islamic State and a rethink on India’s decision against the Trade Facilitation Agreement at the World Trade Organization. Even as Mr. Modi flew into New York, Mr. Obama made an impassioned appeal at the United Nations for a global effort to join the 40 nations who had joined the coalition to “degrade and destroy” the IS. The White House said publicly that Mr. Obama would discuss with Mr. Modi “current developments in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, where India and the United States can work together with partners towards a positive outcome.” Officials said privately that “outcome” didn’t have to be anything more than moral support, as the U.S. didn’t require logistical support and already had enough ground support from Gulf allies. However, for India, even this would have been a departure from policy. Only in 2001 did the country back a U.S.-led rather than a U.N.-led coalition. Mr. Modi went a step further in rejecting the coalition request, criticising the U.S. for failing to include all countries (pointing to Iran and Syria at the U.N.), and chiding the U.S. over Afghanistan during an interaction at the Council on Foreign Relations, saying it shouldn’t “pull out early” as it did in Iraq.
On the economic front, India insisted that no WTO deal could be allowed until a “food security” agreement also went “hand in hand.” For Mr. Obama, however, as a beleaguered President, an agreement would have been something he could have touted as a success, not just domestically, but also internationally, ahead of the G-20 summit in Australia in November. It was for this reason that Secretary of State John Kerry, Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker, and Acting Deputy U.S. Trade representative Wendy Cutler made India’s support for the TFA the highlight of their trips to Delhi in the past few months, with Mr. Kerry even saying the government’s reversal was “the wrong signal to the world.” When Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said the “WTO deal wasn’t dead,” many U.S. officials took that to mean a deal could still be hammered out in time for the Washington summit, but were proven wrong.
India’s wish list
On the Indian side, the list of expectations was far longer, but perhaps more realistic than the one the U.S. had. This was discernible from the moves the Modi government had made in the run-up to his visit. For example, the government’s step to uncap the prices of drugs was criticised by several health NGOs, as it raised the prices of life-saving treatments manyfold. But this failed to elicit any relaxation from the U.S. on market access for Indian companies. The joint statement issued also referred to a “high-level” group that would deal with Intellectual Property Rights issues — a group that has even been criticised by advocacy groups in the U.S. On nuclear issues, U.S. companies GE and Westinghouse remain inflexible on India’s supplier liability law, even as the joint statement referred to a dialogue on “all implementation issues.” On renewable energy, the government had hoped for big technology partnerships, especially on solar and wind energy, as it had only recently scrapped an anti-dumping law in a move aimed at helping U.S. businesses. Yet all that was announced was the facilitation of loans to the tune of a relatively modest $1 billion from Exim bank. A much-touted education agreement for ‘edX’ or online education never materialised. On visas, despite Mr. Modi’s announcement that U.S. nationals would be granted 10-year visas barring “exceptional circumstances,” the U.S. was not forthcoming on the relaxation India had demanded on the H1B visa. Difficulties for IT companies remained unsolved. When asked about this at a briefing for journalists after the visit, a senior Indian government official only said that visas are no longer “linked to reciprocity.” Finally, there was no mention of the specific plans for co-production in defence on missiles and naval equipment that had brought a flurry of U.S. officials — from Vice President Joe Biden and Senator John McCain to Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel and Deputy Secretary of State Bill Burns — to India in the past year.
None of the unfulfilled expectations takes away from the substantial achievements of the Prime Minister’s visit though, of which the most notable was the restarting of relations that had been in effective cold storage for months. Mr. Modi’s command of the Indian diaspora , a powerful and influential constituency in the U.S., was another obvious take away from the visit. And his assurances to U.S. businesses already invested in India have gone a long way in securing and growing their interest in the market here. But if the nickels and dimes of the visit are to add up to establish a much richer partnership between the “world’s largest democracies,” one must not ignore what was not achieved in the U.S., even as Mr. Modi and Mr. Obama prepare to meet each other again at the G-20 summit.
suhasini.h@thehindu.co.in

So long to the Double IrishShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
So long to the Double Irish
Oct 14, 2014 : Ireland has announced it will be closing the so-called 'Double Irish' corporate tax loophole. Seb Morton-Clark looks at what the structure has done for Ireland and what likely impact its closure will have.

Chandasi: Close to PM Modi s Varanasi s constituency  thrives illegal coal marketCoal
(A coal scam in Chandasi which…)
CHANDASI | VARANASI: It's right next to the constituency that elected Prime Minister Narendra Modi, it's sprawling, dirty, in parts thoroughly illegal and yet an efficient market system, it's at once a scam and a testament to Indian entrepreneurial ingenuity — Chandasi, just outside the city of Varanasi, is one of India's largest coal mandis where the metropolitan debate on coal looks entirely inadequate.
Chandasi's illegal coal market throws up prices ( Rs 7,000-9,000 per tonne) much higher than organised sector prices. But this mandi could still die. And if mandis die, no one knows who will supply coal to India's small businesses, which are typically not part of the country's formal coal distribution chain.
On a Tuesday morning last week, at 7 am, about 100 trucks have arrived from coalfields in West Bengal and Chhattisgarh. Near the rocky, muddy stretch where trucks from Jharia stand, traders are anxious. Thirty years ago, at its peak, Chandasi would see 1,200 trucks a day, some from as far away as Meghalaya.
"Even a year ago, we were getting 300-400 trucks every day," says Vijay Sharma (name changed), who works as a munshi with one of the bigger coal trading firms in the mandi. "Thirty years ago, even Thapars and DCM had depots here," Sharma says.
When Chandasi flourished and Coal India was a true monopolist, coal obtained by diversion or theft fed the mandi. A place like Chandasi creates its own ecosystem of traders, truckers, commission agents, politicians and local mafia; the last two are often indistinguishable.
Varanasi's politics had been influenced by Chandasi and local dons owed much to thousands of trucks of stolen coal that got sold every day.
Here's one example. In 1996, UP MLA Mukhtar Ansari was accused by CBI of being the brains behind the kidnapping and murder of Nand Kishore Roongta, a coal merchant and treasurer of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad.
But that was then. Over the years, coal movement by train and Coal India's online auctions have massively reduced supplies to Chandasi. Put simply, it's tougher to steal coal when it's sold online and transported by trains direct to coal-consuming businesses.
 
Most coal now comes from diversion, coal meant for core sector businesses that finds its way to mandis. The diversion happens thanks mostly to the very businesses that get assured coal supply. Selling to the mandi means more money than making steel. But the central problem of lower supplies to the mandi remains. "Earlier, 500-700 buyers came to the mandi," says Dilip Aggarwal, the head of DA CoalIndia, a trading house in Chandasi. "But that was because there were no alternatives." Buying coal through e-auctions and selling them in a coal mandi is an option — theoretically. However, recently e-auction volumes have come down. Even with e-auctions, the pricing part is tricky. E-auction coal costs around Rs 4,000 a tonne. By comparison, "diverted coal supplies sell at Rs 1,500 per tonne," says a Nagpur-based owner of a coal mining company, who did not want to be identified. A price between Rs 4,000 and Rs 1,500 suits both buyers and sellers. Straight stealing, from Coal India mines, means even higher profitability. Super-normal profits, partly also helped by super-high coal mandi prices now, won't save the market ecosystem. With lower supplies, margins of commission agents, who represent buyers, are wafer thin and adatiyas (traders who represent sellers) with smaller capacities are out of business. "This has become a business for large traders," says Sharma.
Small business buyers of coal now buy from big mandi traders. But the fall in volumes, a trend that's likely to continue, means there's no guarantee that the brick kiln owner from a small town in India will get his coal from a mandi such as Chandasi.
And if Chandasi dies, the issue won't be so much that a scam has ended but that a vacuum has been created, the formal economy has no alternative for the ingenuity of India's informal economy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Citi pulls out of consumer banking in 11 cou...Citigroup pulls out of consumer banking in 11 countries, profit jumps
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 04.02AM IST
0
Share More
Citigroup said it is pulling out of consumer banking in 11 markets, including Japan and Egypt, as the US bank with the biggest international business looks to cut persistently high costs.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Citigroup Inc said it is pulling out of consumer banking in 11 markets, including Japan and Egypt, as the US bank with the biggest international business looks to cut persistently high costs.
The third-largest US bank, built with a series of acquisitions spanning back to the 1980s, has been trying to slim down since the financial crisis to be as profitable as rivals. It has shed hundreds of billions of dollars of bad assets.
The latest exits were the result of studies the bank began in early 2012 to figure out which countries were not profitable enough for retail banking. Getting results took a long time, partly because the bank did not have standardized accounting systems across all countries to compare the units' profitability.
The deliberate pace at which Chief Executive Officer Michael Corbat is fixing its business underscores how hard it is to fix a business as sprawling as Citigroup, which operates in more than 100 countries. Corbat told analysts that in shedding the poorly performing businesses the company is also taking a valuable step toward reducing complexity.
Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach, speaking earlier to reporters, said the bank first identified sub-standard businesses about a year-and-a-half ago, and tried to fix them before deciding to they had to go.
"Better late than never," said stock analyst Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Citigroup separately announced the results of a probe that also illustrates how hard it is to manage the bank: it found a new $15 million fraud at its Mexican unit, Banamex, which has been roiled by a series of mishaps.
The bank is showing some signs of progress in streamlining itself. On Tuesday, it posted stronger-than-expected third-quarter adjusted net income of $3.67 billion, or $1.15 per share, from $3.26 billion, or $1.02 per share, a year earlier. Profit was boosted by better results from its portfolio of troubled assets left over from the financial crisis and its shares rose 3.1 percent on Tuesday to $51.47.
Adjusted results exclude a tax benefit from last year and accounting adjustments linked to changes in the value of the company's debt.
Analysts had expected earnings of $1.12 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Page 1 of 2

Ebola cases in West Africa could reach 10 000 per week: WHOEbola cases in West Africa could reach 10 000 per week: WHO
Surge in gold imports pushes trade deficitSurge in gold imports pushes trade deficit
Jan Dhan scheme threaten informal remittance...Jan Dhan Yojana scheme can widen banking reach if unorganised remittances are brought under banking channels
Saikat Das, ET Bureau Oct 15, 2014, 04.16AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
MUMBAI: Shardul Majid, a 28-year old construction worker in Mumbai, has a side business that earns him about Rs 20,000 extra every month. Many of his fellow villagers from Bengal are in Mumbai, working in the construction field and as domestic helps, watchmen and roadside vendors. Majid helps them send money back home. He collects the money and deposits it in the bank accounts his relatives have in Bengal. "My relatives withdraw the money from the home branch in my village and deliver it to the beneficiaries," he says.
This informal remittance service isn't illegal, but it's costly. Sending money through formal banking channels costs 0.25% to 1.5% of the transferred amount; Majid charges as much as 10%. His customers aren't complaining though — they don't have access to banks and so there are few faster ways to send money to their near and dear ones, and most of them are ignorant about formal financial services.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has recently announced a financial inclusion programme, the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana , which aims to provide every household with access to banking services. Successful financial inclusion efforts will substantially mitigate problems over money remittances by those working in unorganised sectors with no access to banks, says KC Chakrabarty, a former deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India . "All stakeholders need to make earnest efforts in this direction."
The Jan Dhan campaign has yet to reach many. When told about the minimal fees that banks charge, some of them expressed interest in getting enrolled, but are clueless about how to do it. "We are not aware of it but if somebody takes us to a bank branch, we are keen to open accounts," says Sharma, who hails from a village near Varanasi and works as a watchman in Mumbai. He didn't give his first name.
A QUESTION OF TRUST
Trustworthiness is the biggest asset of these agents — in most cases, they and their agents are from the same village. Even if it is a high commission, as Shanu, a 40-yearold domestic help says, "it is hassle-free for us." And in case of defalcation, she says, "the village panchayat will help us extract the money from the agents' families".
Majid, the construction worker from Bengal, collects on an average Rs 4-5 lakh every month from fellow villagers. He charges Rs 300 to Rs 1,000 per Rs 10,000 sent, depending on the services. He uses Mumbai branches of banks to deposit money in different lots, but not more than Rs 49,000 a day. Any deposit above Rs 49,999 requires the depositor to provide details of his income tax account number and may prompt queries from branch managers cautious about rising money laundering cases. There are also agents who deal with higher remittance volumes, as much as Rs 30-40 lakh a month.
There are risks. Agents sometimes face threats from local goons, who track them to the depositing branches and rob the money.
According to CS Ghosh, chairman and managing director of Bandhan, a microfinance institution which is setting up a commercial bank , unorganised remittance agents are active in cities like Hyderabad and Bangalore as well where lakhs of migrant workers don't have bank accounts. "Our new bank will focus on this area while tapping the business opportunities. Once we finalise our finance model, we may also require more people to work for financial inclusion programmes," says Ghosh.
BANKS MOVE IN
Banks have meanwhile been trying to bring more unbanked people under their network. Over the past few months, some of them have tied up with mobile telecom operators allowing customers to send Rs 5,000-10,000 to beneficiaries who don't need to have a bank account — they can use an authorisation code sent on the phone to withdraw the money through ATMs. Similarly, through instant money transfer, one can transfer funds online swiftly with a fee of Rs 25 per Rs 10,000 for domestic remittance. Extensive consumer education programmes could lead more people to use the services.
"With the help of the Jan Dhan Yojana, the reach of banking can definitely be expanded, making migrant workers aware of different services," says a senior executive from Bank of India.
"First, we should identify the list of migrants in different areas. There should be a financial model to operate in those areas to bring unorganised remittances under banking channels," says Ashish Das, an IIT Bombay professor who steered a financial education initiative on domestic remittances by the finance ministry in 2012-13.
USE THE AGENTS
Payment banks, according to Das, could be a focussed alternative to this practice. As per the central bank's differentiated banking licensing policy, payment banks would receive deposits and facilitate remittance while keeping money in government securities , instead of lending. The RBI will soon issue final guidelines for setting up such banks.
Experts say banks could use the service of unorganised remittance agents by making them their business correspondents, who take banking services to places that are far away from bank branches.
They can be engaged as business correspondents subject to police verification and few other conditions, says Ashish Ahuja, vice president at Fino Paytech, a micro payments solutions provider to banks and financial institutions.
Fino facilitates sending money to bank accounts using NEFT or IMPS — a different form of electronic transfers. It charges 0.75% to 1.50% of the transfer amount. Money reaches within three to six hours.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Fed rate hike will not affect India if Modi govt deliversUS Fed rate hike will not affect India if Modi govt delivers key economic reforms
Atmadip Ray & MC Govardhana Rangan, ET Bureau Oct 15, 2014, 01.42AM IST
Tags:
DBS Bank
Decoupling as an investment theme shot to prominence in 2010 when investment managers were hunting for an oasis of economic development after the 2008 credit crisis parched the developed world.
China and India were stripped of the BRICs moniker and known as the 'growth engines' that would pull the world economy out of a rut. They did, for a year or so, but they too soon fell into a morass for different reasons.
Over the past two years, questions have arisen on China's ability sustain growth levels amid a looming banking crisis due to over investment, and the collapse of growth rates in India induced by the government's policy paralysis.
Now that the Western developed world, which grew its economies with similar policies and collapsed due to the same excesses is decoupling, India may benefit from the tailwinds. This may be the time when India could 'decouple' convincingly from the possibly sluggish growth the world over and when most emerging markets suffer the so- called QE unwinding by the US Federal Reserve.
For the first time in two decades, the developed nations on both sides of the Atlantic may be decoupling on interest rates. The US, the supplier of cheap money across the world, is poised to make the dollar more expensive, while the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan have promised to run their printing presses for an indefinite period.
Many fear that the scenario may be bad for India and foreign investments would taper. The theory goes that investors borrowing cheap dollar funds may hold back, and that Indian borrowing overseas may become expensive. But the flip side of this is that many factors are turning favourable for India.
Signs that administration is being cranked up, collapsing commodity prices — crude oil, iron ore, coal, gold — improving government finances, stronger currency, a determined monetary policy to cap inflation at 4%, bottoming out of bad loan accumulation are the aligning of stars for revival. But here's the disclaimer: Prime Minister Narendra Modi must deliver on economic reforms.
 
"India's transformation has been remarkable,'' says Morgan Stanley. "India may just turn out to be more fortunate and hence more resilient in implementing reforms and raising growth.'' This is being on the opposite pole of where India was last year when the talk of taper by the US Fed turned India into a basket case. The rupee became the worst performing currency in the world, foreigners fled the shores, and Indian entrepreneurs turned gloomy.
But inflation is easing with it as measured by the Consumer Price Index falling to 6.46% in September, from a high of 10.7% a year back. Economic growth is forecast at 5.3% in fiscal 2015, up from a decade low of 4.5% in FY2013. Corporate earnings are set to climb 8% in the second quarter , forecasts Citigroup.
"For a net commodity importer like India, lower commodity prices in general, and oil prices in particular, are tantamount to a positive terms of trade shock,'' says Sonal Varma, economist at Nomura Securities. "It should result in lower inflation, improvement in fiscal and current account balances and higher growth.''
The RBI under Rajan had navigated the first round of tapering well. The rupee remained largely rangebound in 2014 on the back of sustained capital inflows and better macroeconomic fundamentals. In a comparative sense in Q2 of 2014-15, the local currency depreciated 2.72% against the US greenback while the Russian rouble depreciated about 13%, the Brazilian real by 10%, and the South African rand by 5.5%.
There have been continuous foreign portfolio investment inflows to the domestic equity markets as well as into debt market since December 2013, except in April 2014 when there was a net outflow. In 2014, foreign institutional investment inflows to debt and equity markets have been around $34 billion with a larger part going to debt segments.
But won't the rising interest rates in the US affect flows when rates are forecast to fall next year? Yes, it could reduce the flow from overseas Indians, who poured in funds to exploit the huge differential last year. "This segment cannot be compensated by equity flows and we cannot afford to increase debt inflows," says Care Ratings chief economist Madan Sabnavis.
"The timing can be challenging as the RBI may start lowering rates when US increases it as our decision is based on domestic inflation. Therefore, there will be pressure on the rupee once this happens."
But some believe that even if the US raises rates next year, the flood of liquidity due to ECB's quantitative easing could see India through. Even if dollar funds turn more expensive, companies could chase euro funds. Besides, funding through the Japanese yen could be an option.

Luxury labels like Armani stay off virtual s...You are here: Home > Collections > Lvmh
Luxury labels like Armani, Bottega Veneta stay off virtual retail stores
Vijaya Rathore, ET Bureau Oct 15, 2014, 05.35AM IST
Tags:
advisors
(Experts say luxury is all…)
NEW DELHI: Online marketplace may seem to be the new prime location for marketers in India, but makers of high-end luxury products are keeping away from the virtual retail world, for reasons ranging from brand exclusivity and fear of fakes to rule of the land.
In fact, their only interest in online marketplace is fighting counterfeit products that are rampant.
"Luxury is all about touch and feel. It is different from buying at the click of a button," said Sanjay Kapoor, MD at Genesis Luxury, which retails more than 10 luxury brands including Armani, Canali and Bottega Veneta in the country.
Marketers point out that selling a pair of shoes for Rs 500 is one thing and selling a Rs 50,000 pair of Jimmy Choo shoes is an altogether different ballgame. Then there are issues like the government policy to not allow brands with foreign direct investment to sell online.
One British luxury brand, which used to deliver products in India via its global website, for example, stopped doing so because under the country's policy an offline retail business with FDI cannot sell its products online.
While the brand's spokesperson in India declined to comment on the matter, an executive who is not authorised to speak to the media said, "No point risking the business."
Another reason luxury brands are reluctant to sell online is a fear that it may impact their credibility, say experts. That is because the online marketplace is primarily associated with discounts and is often seen as a dumping ground for unsold goods.
"All the international brands have invested so much money on brand building and they cannot afford to dilute it by being visible online," said Harminder Sahni, founder of retail consultancy firm Wazir Advisors. "What most brands are doing now is to put out their catalogues and information on their websites for people to make better choices rather than selling directly," he said.
Meanwhile, top luxury brands are busy fighting counterfeit products that have found easy market in the online space, through websites hosted on servers in different parts of the world, including India.
Last month, French luxury prod-ucts group LVMH and Internet search engine Google announced they will work together to fight the sale of counterfeit goods online. The agreement came through after a decade of litigation over complaints by LVMH that the Google Adwords key words service helped counterfeiters sell their products on the back of LVMH brands.
Top brands have upped their ante in India too, putting in place a legal machinery to fight the menace, especially online.
 
"Cases filed by brands against those people selling the fakes online have gone up considerably in the last six months," said Delhibased lawyer Shravan Kumar Bansal who represents some luxury brands in such cases. He added that the courts are taking appropriate actions. Citing a recent case, he said, a company called Smart Collections was selling fragrances from top brands like Giorgio Armani, Ralph Lauren and Givenchy online and putting out advertisements on social media such as Facebook and Twitter. "There are so many websites selling fakes with their websites hosted outside India in countries such as China. It is very difficult to track them down," Bansal said.
British luxury brand Burberry has filed a case in the Delhi-High Court against a small time online seller for allegedly selling fake products of the company.
Genesis Luxury had recently put out newspaper advertisements stating that a website was selling products from its portfolio without any authorisation. In the ad, the company also raised questions about the authenticity of the Jimmy Choo shoes sold at a 'wedding exhibition' in the national capital. "We were advised by our lawyers to do so," Genesis' Kapoor said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

KP Singh: DLF s CEO who built Gurgaon out of...British Airways
(“He is among the first…)
NEW DELHI: There is little Kushal Pal Singh hasn't seen. He built the city of Gurgaon out of nothingness. He also saw it begin to crumble under its own weight. He almost sold DLF for Rs 26 lakh, but later also saw the value of his shareholding in it climb to Rs 1,87,920 crore. Now, it's declined to just Rs 14,701 crore. In 2007, he was celebrated for bringing India's biggest IPO.
Seven years later, he stands condemned by Sebi, for failing to disclose material information in that very offer. He has also seen both friends and foes occupy high places.
"He is among the first who had the vision of a large-sized modern building that is as good as any in developed countries," says Hemendra Kothari, a veteran investment banker. Now, cash flow questions are being asked about many of his ongoing property projects. "Consistent with the title of his autobiography 'Whatever the Odds', his ride is neither smooth nor straightforward. It is evident that KP Singh has cut corners," says ASV Krishnan, senior research analyst at Ambit Capital.
When KP Singh ventured into Gurgaon in late seventies, no one would have imagined what it would become over the next few decades. Good fortune and intent and perseverance all played a part.
His now famous chance meeting with Rajiv Gandhi and his partnership approach with farmers from whom he bought land from are both legendary.
"Amidst the vast landscape of barren land that was once Gurgaon, he had the vision and foresight to see the potential to create a world class city," says a real estate developer who has followed DLF for many years. KP Singh also escorted General Electric into India in 1989, leading to the birth of the BPO industry. At that time, foreign companies were wary about doing business in India.
But Singh persuaded General Electric in Gurgaon to open its pilot office for outsourcing companies. Gurgaon later became home to many multinational including Nestle, American Express, PepsiCo, IBM , British Airways and Ericsson. Born on August 15, 1931 at Bulandshahar in Uttar Pradesh, Singh graduated in Science from Meerut College. He went to UK to study Aeronautical Engineering where he was selected to the prestigious Indian Army , by British Officers Services Selection Board, UK. He joined the Indian Military Academy at Dehradun and was later on commissioned into The Deccan Horse — a renowned cavalry regiment of The Indian Army.
His competitors have nothing but respect for him. "KP Singh has seen many ups and down," says a veteran CEO of another real estate firm, requesting not to be named. "But he has the trait to bounce back."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Saudi price war should fuel drive for U.S. crude exportsSaudi price war should fuel drive for U.S. crude exports
Supreme Court blocks Texas abortion restrictionsSupreme Court blocks Texas abortion restrictions
With just two labs  India not equipped for Ebola fightEYE BROWSE
India 'not prepared' for Ebola fight
Designating just two laboratories for testing for the virus is just too small for a country of over a billion, say experts.
Mail Today –  Tue 14 Oct, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: With the Ebola outbreak in West Africa spreading to countries like the US and Spain, experts have cautioned that India may be 'inadequately prepared' to contend with any sudden outbreak of the disease for which an alert has been sounded around the world.
The Health Ministry has initiated several measures to scale up the capacity to fight Ebola, and the Government has advised citizens against all non-essential travel to the four affected countries — Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone and Nigeria.
The capacity of the National Institute of Virology in Pune and the National Centre for Disease Control in Delhi to diagnose the disease has also been strengthened, Health Minister Harsh Vardhan has said.
However, experts believe India needs to do more so that it is fully prepared to cope with any cases of Ebola.
“As of now, there is no confirmed or suspected case of Ebola in India. But, there are a lot of other concerns that need to be addressed before we can say that we are adequately prepared.
"Designating just two laboratories for testing for the virus is just too small for a country of over a billion,” said Dr Jugal Kishore, author of a review of India’s effort to tackle the disease that was published in a recent issue of the Indian Journal of Youth and Adolescent Health.
Kishore, an expert on community medicine in the state-run Maulana Azad Medical College, said: “Learning from the past experience of managing the H1N1 pandemic in 2009, it is required that there should be increased number of laboratories designated for testing the virus in suspected cases, preferably in each state.
"Further, some private labs can be liaised with to increase the national capacity for laboratory work.”
The Government has made functional a 24-hour emergency helpline since Aug 9 (011- 23061469, 3205 and 1302).
In-flight announcements regarding the disease prior to landing are being done by airlines. Mandatory reporting of passengers from affected countries has been put in place at all major airports since August 10.
The surveillance system at airports and ports is being strengthened and the Integrated Disease Surveillance Programme has been put on alert. But scientists feel the efforts may not be enough.
“Raising awareness about the disease is an important measure at the time of outbreak. Very little has been done in this regard as far is India is concerned.
"Some information is available for health care providers but absolutely no information education communication material is available for the lay community and general public,” said Kishore.
Recommend

Moments of emotion from around the globeMoments of Emotion from Around the Globe
by The Weekly Flickr 2:55 mins
1,426,800 views
Moments of Emotion from Around the Globe
by The Weekly Flickr 2:55 mins
1,426,800 views
In this episode of The Weekly Flickr, we profile photographer Mimo Khair. From the streets of Shanghai to remote villages in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Mimo has traveled the world capturing moments of emotion on the road. Her stunning profiles of those she meets help illustrate the connectedness of the human race.
Link

Ranveer vs Toofan on  Kill Dil  sets1 month 12 days ago, India Movies Editorial
Watch how Ranveer Singh worked his magic and made Toofan listen to him.
More on India Movies Editorial:
Related Videos

Vizag still without power; PM Modi announces Rs 1 000cr for AndhraFood riots broke in the port city of Visakhapatnam on Tuesday as hundreds of people looted relief trucks in a scramble for drinking water, milk, vegetables and petrol following massive shortages two days after a cyclone battered the eastern coast.
 
People fled with enormous sacks of food grain and police used batons to disperse the crowd as Andhra Pradesh’s biggest city struggled to pick up the pieces after Cyclone Hudhud, which killed 22 people in three north coastal districts.
A picture of the swathe of destruction caused by cyclone Hudhud in Vizag. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
The cyclone has damaged several sub-stations and uprooted thousands of electricity poles, making it next to impossible for officials to restore power. Tuesday was the fourth consecutive day in Visakhapatnam – known popularly as Vizag -- without power.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who visited the storm-hit city, announced a Rs. 1,000-crore relief package for Andhra Pradesh, where thousands of people were forced to leave their homes.
“For people of Visakhapatnam, please give drinking water and other essential commodities. I have not seen such a terrible situation in my life,” a resident pleaded with folded hands as people mobbed relief officials and ransacked supplies.
 
Women with children in their arms searched for milk and serpentine queues were seen outside petrol stations in Vizag which bore the brunt of the cyclone’s fury.
 
Prices of essential commodities leapt because of the shortages. “Drinking water and milk costing Rs. 20 each are being sold for Rs. 50 as black-marketeers are having a field day,” said another angry resident.
 
Long queues were seen at fuel stations for the second straight day, despite government assurances that there was enough fuel to last a fortnight. Many had to wait in line for the better part of the day to get fuel, procured at erratic prices. While Lattu Chanti, an auto driver, got diesel at Rs. 64 per litre, ME Krishna, a railway employee, had to pay Rs. 100 per litre for petrol.
Hundreds lined up outside ATMs too, since cash hadn’t been filled up at several centres with the bank network down. Only a few branches were providing partial services.
The famous King George Hospital is also in shambles with authorities forced to discharge patients lodged in wards damaged by Hudhud. 
 
The cyclone hit near the city on Sunday with heavy rains and wind speeds of 185 kilometres per hour.
 
Chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu urged the Centre to treat the devastation caused by the storm as a “national calamity”. “We will rebuild this city and the confidence of its people,” he said.
Watch: Hudhud leaves Andhra, Odisha in tatters
After visiting parts of the worst-affected port city and a review meeting with Naidu and top officials, Modi told reporters at Vishakapatnam, "The Centre is fully with the people of Andhra pradesh. Both governments are working hand in hand."
Modi, who made an aerial survey of the affected areas of both north coastal Andhra and Odisha, also declared Rs. 2 lakh from Prime Minister's Relief Fund for families of each of those killed and Rs. 50,000 to every injured.
Naidu said, "Some people are selling essential items at high prices. It is not fair to try to exploit the situation. We have taken a decision to provide packages of food items in all cyclone-hit areas."
Naidu has been camping in the city since Monday to oversee rehabilitation efforts.
Meanwhile, the city’s two million residents have slowly started returning to normal life amid a trail of destruction all around left by the storm --  houses with collapsed walls or roofs blown away, roads littered with fallen trees, electric poles and traffic booths.
Train services resumed partially on the Visakhapatnam-Bhubaneshwar route but the crucial Vizag-Vijayawada route is yet to be restored. Both bus and mobile phone services improved.
(With agency inputs)

Maharashtra  Haryana vote in high-stakes assembly polls today  all eyes on BJPComments
Some 10 crore people will vote to elect new governments in Maharashtra and Haryana on Wednesday, a major test as much of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s personal charisma as his party’s strategy to abandon long-standing allies in search of political majority in two key states.
An election official checks an EVM at a distribution centre on the eve of voting for assembly elections in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
A victory will not only reaffirm Modi’s appeal with voters but also silence detractors of his new party leadership, which was blamed for a string of defeats in assembly by-elections that tempered the euphoria of his Lok Sabha triumph.
 
For the Congress, a poor result will possibly stoke further murmurs against Rahul Gandhi’s leadership of the Congress.
Read: All you need to know about Maharashtra elections 2014
 
The vote will also test the mettle of some of the country’s most powerful regional parties such as the Shiv Sena, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) in the western state as well as the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) in Haryana.
 
Within a span of about two weeks, Modi addressed 27 public meetings in Maharashtra and 11 in Haryana, a rare staking of a prime minister’s personal prestige on a high-octane state campaign. He urged voters to hand the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) a clear majority for better governance and faster development.
Pre-poll surveys show that voters may be willing to heed that request, with the numbers putting the BJP slightly ahead in the race.
 
"The BJP is likely to get an absolute majority and in terms of number of seats it could be between 150 and 160, including 40 to 45 in Vidarbha region," said BJP leader and Union minister Nitin Gadkari.
 
In comparison, the Congress campaign appeared to lack steam, with Congress vice-president Rahul and president Sonia Gandhi addressing a few meetings towards close of electioneering in the two states.
 
In Maharashtra, where some 9.33 crore people are eligible to vote, the BJP snapped its 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena following differences over sharing of seats but also with hopes that Modi’s personal charisma will help it tap into growing anti-incumbency against the Congress-NCP’s 15-year rule.
The elections are the first for the Shiv Sena after the death of Bal Thackeray.
 
A pre-poll spat over seats also saw the curtains come down on the Congress-NCP alliance in the state, with political parties keeping their post-poll options open in a five-horse race.
 
Prominent candidates in the state include former Congress chief minister Prithviraj Chavan as well as former deputy CM Ajit Pawar and former ministers RR Patil and Chhagan Bhujbal of the NCP. For the BJP, state chief Devendra Fadnavis, Eknath Khadse, Vinod Tawde and Pankaja Munde are in the fray.
 
In Haryana as well the BJP called off its partnership with the Haryana Janhit Congress. The state is expected to see a three-corner contest between the BJP, Congress and the INLD which saw its jailed leader Om Prakash Chautala campaigning out on bail on medical grounds.
 
The Congress is seeking a third term there.
The main contestants in the state include chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and Randeep Surjewala of Congress, Chautala’s son Abhay, daughter-in-law Naina and grandson Dushyant (all INLD), former Union minister Venod Sharma and former MP Kuldeep Bishnoi and his elder brother and former deputy chief minister Chander Mohan.
 
The BJP has not named its chief ministerial candidate in either state.
 

Cut diesel price  don t allow cos to make profits: CongCut diesel price  don t allow cos to make profits: Cong
Sebi-DLF saga: A complainant and 3 housewife shareholdersSebi-DLF saga: A complainant and 3 housewife shareholders
4 119 candidates in fray for today s Maharashtra polls4 119 candidates in fray for today s Maharashtra polls
Polls: Why BJP & Shiv Sena have no sense of history | Full Coverageadvisors
(At present, there is only…)
For many years, a variety of intolerant and self-serving politics has been on the ascendant in Maharashtra. At the moment the competition, it would seem, (I could be wrong since I am no political pundit) is between the Shiv Sena and the BJP.
Looking at recent events, I keep asking myself, why are we so blind in the choices we make and as a consequence what befalls us? Has the middle class ceased to think and introspect? Are we living in denial? Forget our earlier history, I can't but assume that we are unaware of even our recent past. We have an extraordinarily rich, progressive lineage which should have been our lode-star and moral compass.
Many great social reformers emerged out of Maharashtrian society. Gokhale, Agarkar, Phule, Ambedkar, Kosambi; women reformers like Pandita Ramabai, Irawati Karve, Lakshmibai Tilak; Maharshi Karve, Tilak and undoubtedly, Shivaji. Do people who invoke Shivaji's name understand what a visionary and liberal ruler he was? He didn't discriminate amongst Hindus, Muslims or Dalits.
They were all part of his army and some of them were his advisors. His taxation system is considered one of the most enlightened; it was non-exploitative, based on the concept of fairness and acknowledged farmers as the backbone of any economy and polity.
But we have turned our backs on all this. Sadly, we are complicit in encouraging political tendencies which threaten our own fundamental rights. Today, there is confusion in the minds of the Maharashtrian middle class. While it used to be strongly for the Sena, it also has had a longer familial link with the BJP because of its affinity with the Sangh Parivar.
So, earlier when the alliance existed, the choice was easy. Now, choosing whom to vote for presents a unique dilemma. And I am not even talking about the MNS here. Add to it, the public acceptability of Narendra Modi only appears to be growing.
Earlier, ordinary citizens used to wear Modi masks. But in this election, the BJP candidates are all masks. They have no persona of their own; all of them are mouthpieces and parrots for Modiji. They know that they can get elected only if they echo Modiji. Perhaps the Sena has not factored in at the moment that gravity can be defied and it's possible to fly only by hanging on to Modiji's silkkurta-tails.
At present, there is only one narrative operative in the country: development and money. But what do they mean by 'development'? We understand this vague word as the hope that India will overcome all its ills. But we don't wish to admit that uninhibited free-market development can be disastrously short-sighted. It has no place for the poor except to exploit them. Its only rationale is greed and it's obvious how it led to the world economy's collapse; and its role in climate change and fossil fuel scenario can spell the end of civilization as we know it.
 
In contrast, the national narrative framed by our founding fathers was different. Democracy, inclusiveness and a strong love for mother earth were its key features. Recently, I was speaking to young students about it. Some of them earnestly asked me, 'Why should we know about the national narrative? What's it to us? We feel Modi will do good work". I was unsure of how to respond to that, but even the rise of Modiji has been possible because of the institutionalization of democracy achieved by Gandhi, Nehru and others.
Nehru had a vision and a historical sense. These parties (BJP and Sena) and their supporters have no sense of history. When they talk of Hindutva, their ignorance about the diverse traditions and practices in Hinduism and its openness, among other things, becomes obvious. This is not to say that the Congress or NCP are any better.
The current Prime Minister could not have had better allies than them. After all, Modiji could not have won such a thumping victory without the colossal corruption and supine ineffectiveness of these clandestine friends.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Baring  Carlyle  Temasek front-runners to bu...Actis LLP
(Originally set up in 1976…)
Private equity heavyweights Carlyle, Baring Asia and Temasek are in advanced talks to buy Blackstone Group's majority stake in leading cash management services firm CMS Info Systems, valuing it at close to $400 million (Rs 2400 crore).
Blackstone, the world's biggest manager of alternative assets, owns a controlling 57 per cent stake in the firm and had recently appointed Rothschild to help them find a buyer for their 5-year old investment. After a keenly contested bidding process, which saw eight of the top global buyout and sovereign wealth funds compete against each other, 3 finally made the cut for the final rounds of negotiations, said multiple sources involved. Initially marquee names like KKR, Apax Partners, Apollo Management, Bain Capital and Advent were all in the mix but they subsequently either opted out or were not selected, these sources add.
The 3 short listed funds are currently conducting detailed diligence on the company and by next month, one amongst them will become the eventual acquirer. With CMS doubling its market share since 2009 and growing at over 25 per cent compounded annual growth rate (CAGR), most expect the sale to result in the one of the most profitable exit for Blackstone which so far has been hamstrung by a patchy performance history in India.
Originally set up in 1976 as CMS Computers to maintain IBM machines, CMS Info Systems was spawned out of its parent in 2009, when Blackstone teamed up with former Microsoft India boss Rajiv Kaul to take control of the company for Rs 250 crore. It carved out a set of operations that included cash management services and systems integration.
The residual 40 per cent is held by the founders, the Grover family while Kaul, the company's current executive vice-chairman and CEO, holds a single digit stake. The minority investors, including the founder-family, are also open to selling their stake through this process. After a 2-year stint as partner in another PE fund Actis LLP, he partnered Blackstone for the management buyout after the Grovers' completed a complex re-structuring exercise of their disparate businesses.
Today, CMS transports more than half the nation's cash, providing services including currency pick-up, secure van transport and replenishment of automated teller machines (ATMs). Currently 55 per cent of all cash-in-transit the country is handled by CMS and Securitans, a rival company it acquired in 2011, making it the clear market leader.
On the back such high growth opportunities, revenues have grown 85 per cent to over Rs 791 crore in FY13 from Rs 427 crore in 2008-09. Sources say, Blackstone is expecting a valuation of Rs 2200- Rs 2400 crore or 12 times EBITDA multiple of FY '14 and is confident that the change of management control, the company's dominating market share, should make CMS a top candidate for a rich premium. However, according to a some, the bids may have come below the expectations at around Rs 1,600 crore and Rs 1,800 crore. This could not be independently verified.
When contacted spokespersons for Temasek, Baring Asia, Carlyle and Blackstone declined to comment on market speculation.
Mails sent to CMS did not generate a response till the time of going to press. Calls to Rajiv Kaul on his mobile also did not generate any response till the time of going to press.
FDI BLUES
Some of the potential PE suitors however are believed to have opted out because of the ambiguity over FDI compliance. Foreign Direct Investment under India's Private Security Agencies Regulation Act (PSARA), 2005, for manned services, is currently capped at 49 per cent. However, it is still unclear if cash management service providers like CMS, would specifically fall under this category. This rule came into existence after Blackstone had acquired CMS.
However, others believe, CMS is not a guarding company and the security personnel it provides for is only for captive operations. Therefore the Blackstone sale would not violate existing regulations.
"There is still ambiguity whether one needs a private security license to provide cash management services. You do need it for armed guard services. But CMS does not provide man-guarding services. Therefore, I don't think PSARA applies to them," feels Amitabh Jhingan, Partner, Transaction Advisory Services in EY.
 
But at the same time, FIPB approval was required when Spanish multi-national Prosegur made a strategic investment of about Rs 100 crore to pick a 49 per cent stake in a joint venture set up by Delhi-based Security and Intelligence Services (India) in 2012. The joint venture, SIS Prosegur, offers cash management solutions to Indian banks, financial institutions and organised retail firms.
UNIQUE BUSINESS MODEL
For a growing country like ours, India is still largely a cash economy. The cash printing out of the Central bank's mints and vaults gets circulated through currency chests and bank branches, ATMs, post offices, businesses, individuals via several intermediates in between. India has a total base of 1,50,000 ATMs , a third of its cost is that of cash management.
Apart from its principal businesses, CMS also has 4 other business lines: card personalisation services, print and digital solutions, managed IT and ATM services, the last being a step up towards providing more value added services. Last year, it bagged a contract from SBI to install, maintain and manage 7,850 ATMs for the country's largest lender for a 7-year period. This Rs 450-crore contract is the largest ATM deployment order awarded by any bank in the country till date.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Knowlarity  Exotel fight out in openStartups adopting cloud telephony duck as storm brews in segment
Harsimran Julka & Madhav Chanchani, ET Bureau Oct 15, 2014, 06.32AM IST
Tags:
Anirudh Damani
(Zivame, Druva, red-Bus,…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Startups adopting cloud telephony for customer service are jittery about a very public battle between two leading players, Knowlarity and Exotel, who have accused each other of copying products as well as poaching clients and employees.
Zivame, Naukri, Druva, red-Bus, CommonFloor and Ola are among the prominent startups that use cloud telephony services of either of these players. While a few are shifting loyalties, many startups are concerned about the effect this fight will have on their businesses. "Any new customer will become jittery by such rumours or social media wars amongst telephony players claiming shutdown of another," said YourCabs CEO Rajath Kedilaya , an Exotel customer. "Customers will like to keep a backup as a telephone line is the key to a business." Besides Knowlarity and Exotel, others such as OzoneTel, Call-Net, VoiceTree, Ziffy and Resolvity are among the handful providers of virtual call centre services in India for small businesses like restaurants, web design shops, e-commerce firms and taxi providers.
The social media war started when founder-CEO of Exotel Shivakumar Ganesan published a blog last month against CEO of Knowlarity on how his company was creating panic amongst Exotel's clients, creating shutdown rumours and thus poaching its customer base and produced an email transcript as evidence.
CEO of Knowlarity, Ambarish Gupta, replied in a blog and claimed that he has documentary evidence of Exotel copying Knowlarity's product features. "It is true someone from our sales staff did reference the competitive intelligence already present on social media," Gupta told ET. "A number of Exotel clients have joined us." However, Gupta said they formed a very small part of his customer base. Knowlarity has over 7,000 customers while Exotel has about 600.
Ganeshan of Exotel in turn assured its client base in an email that the company was not shutting down. He told ET that a few employees were let go and some left on their own to pursue different interests. "I was out in the market for a Series A but could not close it. However, we are plush with cash and customers. So, I am just back to building business," Ganeshan told ET.
In contrast, Knowlarity raised $16 million ( Rs 98 crore) this year from Mayfield and Sequoia Capital , this year. Exotel's current investors Blume Ventures, Mumbai Angels and Artha Ventures are also bullish.
"Rivals are also stakeholders. The best way to counter a negative rumour on social media is to spread positive news such as more hiring or a customer win," said Gaurav Oberoi , CEO of Digital Academy .
Artha Ventures which had invested into Exotel but took up Knowlarity for its communication needs, has now shifted camps due to this war. In an open letter to Knowlarity CEO, Artha Ventures CEO Anirudh Damani said he was shifting to Exotel due to "customer service issues at Knowlarity". Gupta responded to Damani's claims saying, "Anirudh (Damani) is an investor in Exotel and under the current circumstances it is not fair to perceive his opinion to be neutral."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama  European leaders to discuss Ebola epidemic on WednesdayObama  European leaders to discuss Ebola epidemic on Wednesday
Calculating the grim economic costs of Ebola outbreakCalculating the grim economic costs of Ebola outbreak
WHO: Fewer Ebola cases at outbreak epicentre in LiberiaWHO: Fewer Ebola cases at outbreak epicentre in Liberia
Sept WPI inflation falls to 5-year low of 2.38%Sept WPI inflation falls to 5-year low of 2.38%
Indivjal Dhasmana | New Delhi Oct 15, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Wholesale Price Index (WPI)-based inflation dropped to 2.38 per cent in September, the lowest since October 2009 (1.78 per cent), prompting industry to urge the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for a rate cut to propel industrial growth, which fell to a five-month low in August.
WPI inflation stood at 7.05 per cent in September 2013 and 3.74 per cent in August this year.
For September this year, all three broad categories — primary products, manufactured items, and fuel & power — saw a fall in inflation.
ALSO READ:  Rate cut chances brighten
Data released on Monday showed in September, Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation fell to 6.46 per cent, the lowest so far. Since WPI is a lead indicator for CPI, retail price inflation might decline further in the coming months. However, the festive months of October and November might come in the way.
ALSO READ:  Comfort from commodities
RBI has set a target of reining in CPI inflation at eight per cent by January 2015 and six per cent by January 2016. Though it has voiced comfort on its January 2015 target, it expressed apprehension about the January 2016 target.
Industry chambers — the Confederation of Indian Industry, the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry and the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry —urged RBI to focus on growth. The Federation of Indian Export Organisations asked RBI to cut the policy rate, as growth in exports had fallen to 2.35 per cent in August.
Economists are divided on RBI’s course of action. Madan Sabnavis, chief economist at CARE Ratings, said the central bank might go for a rate cut in the fourth quarter of 2014-15, but might advance this if retail price inflation remained about seven per cent in the next two months.
What could come in the way is the projection of lower kharif output. According to the government’s first advanced estimate, food grain production is expected to decline seven per cent to 120 million tonnes (mt) this kharif season, against 129 mt last year. While production of pulses is forecast to decline 15 per cent, oilseeds output is estimated to fall 12 per cent.
“We continue to expect RBI to maintain a prolonged pause in FY15 and cut rates only when there is unambiguous visibility of inflation trending closer to the January 2016 target of six per cent,” said a note by YES Bank. The note said there was a reasonable likelihood of structural factors providing gradual disinflationary impulses, providing scope for monetary easing in the first half of 2015-16.
“We continue to maintain a prolonged pause on rates,” said Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic advisor, State Bank of India.
In September, WPI-based food inflation decreased to 3.52 per cent from 5.15 per cent in August. Vegetables turned cheaper by 14.98 per cent, against 4.88 per cent in August. Prices of onions fell 58 per cent in September, against 44.7 per cent in August, while prices of tomatoes rose 7.34 per cent, compared with 71.59 per cent in August.
“It is heartening to note we have been able to bring food inflation under control. Growth in vegetable and protein prices, which have been contributing to the recent increase in inflation, have shrunk, thanks to the steps taken by the government. We are committed to continuing reforms in food markets that will improve supply responses and keep inflation low and stable. At the same time, fiscal consolidation and a new monetary policy framework will help bring down inflationary expectations. We are confident soon, we will be achieving low and stable inflation,” said Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
Potato prices, however, continued to soar, rising 90 per cent in September, against 62 per cent in August.
Inflation for fruits stood at 20.95 per cent in September, against 20.31 per cent in the previous month.
While eggs, meat and fish turned cheaper by 4.12 per cent (against 5.87 per cent in August), wheat prices fell 1.5 per cent, compared with a rise of 0.67 per cent in August.
The decline in global crude oil prices led to fuel & power inflation falling to 1.33 per cent from 4.54 per cent in August. In September, prices of administered petrol fell 9.42 per cent, against 0.15 per cent in the previous month.
The fact that demand for manufactured items declined 1.4 per cent in August resulted in subdued inflation for manufactured goods. Prices of such products rose 2.84 per cent, against 3.45 per cent in the previous month.
In September, core inflation — inflation for manufactured items excluding processed food — declined to a 16-month low of 0.06 per cent on a month-on-month basis. Annually, it stood at 2.8 per cent.
(With inputs from Thomson Reuters)
WPI &CPI inflation from April '13 (%) | Create Infographics
* Note: The base year for WPI inflation is 2004-05
(Source: Department of Commerce, Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation)
 

Dhaula Kuan gangrape: Rs 10 notes  CCTV footage led cops to culpritsComments
A wad of Rs. 10 notes, ‘folded in a peculiar manner’ and stained with Mobil oil, was the turning point on which the Delhi Police cracked the sensational Dhaula Kuan gangrape case.
The money — 11 notes in all — were given to the 30-year-old victim by her five rapists as they dumped her on an isolated stretch of road on the night of November 24, 2010. They left her with the words “ye le auto ke paise, ghar chali jaiyyo (here’s money for an auto ride home)”, police officers associated with the probe recalled Tuesday.
Read: Survivor’s life back home far from easy
Little did they know, their ‘generosity’ would lead the police straight to them.
“The notes, folded horizontally down the middle, and the oil stains made us realise these must have changed hands either on an interstate transport bus or through truck drivers,” said one officer. The folds were also similar to how toll booth operators keep their change.
A top investigation team — comprising inspectors Rajinder Singh and Atul Sood among others — led by then DCP (south Delhi) HGS Dhaliwal was set up.
The second breakthrough came when the police got their hands on hazy images of a mid-sized goods carrier from a near-defunct CCTV camera mounted on a building in Mochi village, where the abduction took place.
Read: That night, nobody heard them scream
With the help of several sources, the police traced two of the accused, Shamshad and Kale, to Dhaujj village in Haryana’s Mewat region — notorious for its high crime rate and violent resistance to law enforcement. Taking no chances, a 300-strong police posse was dispatched to Dhaujj on the night of December 2, 2010, to arrest the two.
The police also found the Mahindra pick-up seen in the CCTV footage. Its left window had a sticker with the word ‘Muskan’ spelt in English — matching the victim’s statement to the police.
The remaining three accused were arrested within the next week.
Read: All 5 held guilty in Delhi's Dhaula Kuan rape case
“We were sure of conviction, given the water-tight investigation we had conducted and the courage of the complainant who participated in a test identification parade within days of the incident. But the verdict has been delayed for far too long,” said BK Gupta, the then police commissioner.
He added, “What makes this a little bittersweet is the fact that Delhi still doesn’t have the network of CCTV cameras I had got sanctioned from the home ministry before retiring in 2012.”

Opec split as oil prices fall sharplyOpec split over tumbling crude prices but US companies safe for now
Clifford Krauss |  Oct 15, 2014 12:56 AM IST
In recent days, several members of Opec - Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Iraq, Iran and the United Arab Emirates - have lowered prices to European and Asian buyers as competition for global market share has grown fierce
Oil prices sank again on Monday, giving consumers more of a break and causing a split among Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) leaders about what action should be taken, if any, to halt the slide.
The price drop has led to a near free fall in gasoline prices in the US. On Monday, the national average price for regular oil was $3.20 a gallon ($0.85 a litre), nine cents a gallon lower than a week ago and 14 cents below the price a year ago, according to the AAA motor club.
The price at the pump generally follows oil after a few days, leading energy experts to predict lower prices for the rest of the month at least.
"This is not your garden variety autumn price decline," said Tom Kloza, chief oil analyst at GasBuddy.com, which reports fuel prices from filling stations across the country. "Clearly there is a rift in Opec, and that means we are more likely to see a price war over six months. Crude oil is teetering on the brink of collapse."
Kloza predicted the national average for regular gasoline was heading to between $0.78 and $0.82 a litre. An average US household consumes 4,536 litres a year, translating into annual savings of $120 for every drop of 2.65 cents a litre.
Most oil analysts say the companies that have led the boom in drilling across North Dakota and Texas are insulated from the declines for the time being, with the break-even levels for investments around $60 a barrel - more than $20 below the current level.
With the number of rigs working in the US at or near record, some oil executives are beginning to express concern about investment decisions next year.
In recent days several members of Opec - Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Iraq, Iran and the United Arab Emirates - have cut prices to European and Asian buyers as competition for global market share has grown fierce.
With the price of the global benchmark, Brent crude oil, falling 1.5 per cent on Monday to $88.89 a barrel, many analysts said Saudi Arabia, Opec's dominant member, might be rethinking its strategy.
At 11:55 pm IST on Tuesday, Brent was at $86.01 a barrel, 3.24 per cent lower than previous close.
"Saudi comments indicate it might have shifted from a strategy of holding prices at around $100 a barrel to a focus on market share," said Jeff A Dietert, head of research at Simmons & Company, an independent investment bank. "That means there is not an immediate floor on oil prices." He said he thought Saudi Arabia was trying to slow production growth in the US.
Oil prices have reached levels not seen since the West Asia and North Africa turmoil began in 2011 because of an unusual combination of factors. The demand for petroleum products is falling worldwide, particularly in Europe, just as the global market is flooded with oil.
Many energy experts say the world market, which consumes about 90 million barrels a day, has one million barrels more than it needs, though that could easily change if the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, attacked Baghdad and threatened the southern Iraqi oilfields, or if militias suddenly renewed their blockades of oil ports in Libya.
Prices of Brent oil and the American benchmark, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil, have slid by 20 per cent or more since early summer, when prices briefly spiked because of the Islamic State offensive in Iraq. The American benchmark dropped particularly hard over several days last week, suggesting a glut in several parts of the country, particularly West Texas, where production has been ramping up in recent years.
On the supply side, the US shale drilling boom has been a critical factor.
Domestic production has reached 8.7 million barrels a day, about a million barrels a day more than a year ago and the highest in nearly a quarter of a century. Imports from Opec countries have been cut in half since 2008, forcing countries like Saudi Arabia and Nigeria to compete with one another in Asia, cutting their prices starting last week.
While the US has been pushing up production month after month, so have other major producers. Saudi Arabia increased its production by 100,000 barrels a day in September, while Libyan production has increased in recent months by more than 500,000 barrels a day.
The Libyan production increase is because of an uneasy arrangement among regional militias that control the unstable country and central oil authorities to allow exports to leave the country. That flow could be interrupted any day.
Still, in its monthly oil market report released on Friday, Opec said its members had produced 400,000 barrels a day of crude oil more last month than in the previous one.
Venezuela has called for an Opec meeting to deal with the drop, while Iranian officials have called for production cuts. But Saudi Arabia is the crucial voice in the group; Opec is responsible for roughly a third of global production.
"If the price stabilises around here, it is probable the Saudis will argue to wait till the November meeting when Opec can cut the output quotas for the first quarter of 2015," said Michael C Lynch, president of the Strategic Energy and Economic Research consultancy and an occasional advisor to Opec.
On the demand side, the thirst for oil is declining in Europe, where unemployment and industrial activity is down, and Japan, where the use of oil by utilities is being replaced by natural gas and coal. Restarting Japan's nuclear plants next year will probably cut oil demand further, according to the US Energy Department.
Last week, the Energy Department reported oil consumption in the industrialised countries was down 200,000 barrels a day this year, compared with last year. The government expects US consumption, which increased by 500,000 barrels a day in 2013, to decline by 40,000 barrels a day this year.
The decline in oil prices has not yet had a measurable impact on oil production, but energy experts say long-term exploration investment planning could be affected if the price decline is steep and lasting enough. Large companies like Exxon Mobil, Royal Dutch Shell and Chevron make their investment plans years in advance, but smaller independent companies can be more sensitive to price swings.
"The shale plays in the US will become non-economic at WTI of $80 or so," said Ed Hirs, managing director of Hillhouse Resources, an oil and gas exploration company, referring to the American benchmark price, currently around $85 a barrel.
Other analysts say investments will not stop dropping in an important way till the US benchmark falls to $70 or even $60, since drilling has become increasingly efficient because of improved technology.
© 2014 The New York Times News Service

Apple  FB will pay for female employees to f...Apple, Facebook will pay for female employees to freeze their eggs
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 01.45PM IST
Egg freezing is a pricey but increasingly popular option for women. It enables women to delay child bearing.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc and Facebook Inc will help pay for female employees to freeze their eggs, signaling a willingness to spend on perks and benefits in a race to acquire top-flight talent.
From January, Apple will pay both full- and part-time employees up to $20,000 for procedure and storage costs for female employees to freeze their eggs.
"We continue to expand our benefits for women, with a new extended maternity leave policy, along with cryopreservation and egg storage as part of our extensive support for infertility treatments," Apple said in a statement. "We want to empower women at Apple to do the best work of their lives as they care for loved ones and raise their families."
NBC News reported on Tuesday that Facebook recently began covering egg-freezing for non-medical reasons, making it one of the first major employers in the technology sector to do so. A Facebook spokeswoman confirmed that the company rolled out the benefit in January in response to requests from employees, among other reasons.
Egg freezing is a pricey but increasingly popular option for women. It enables women to delay child bearing. The procedure is also used by women who have to undergo medical treatments that interfere with fertility such as with cancer.
The procedure typically costs up to $10,000, with an additional $500 for storage each year.
In the raging war for talent, Silicon Valley companies are offering an array of new family-planning perks. Apple said it also reimburses eligible expenses associated with the legal adoption of a child.
"Egg freezing gives women more control," said Jennifer Tye, marketing lead for Glow, a mobile application aimed at helping women avoid pregnancy or conceive.

Two more SAP execs join Vishal Sikka at InfosysYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Two more SAP executives Ritika Suri & Abdul Razack join Vishal Sikka at Infosys
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Oct 15, 2014, 01.26AM IST
Tags:
Abdul Razack
(With the addition of Ritika…)
BANGALORE: Two more former colleagues from SAP have joined Vishal Sikka , becoming part of a team that is seen helping him implement a plan to transform Infosys into what the new CEO has described as a "next-generation IT services company."
With the addition of Ritika Suri and Abdul Razack , five senior executives from SAP have switched loyalties to Infosys since August 1, when Sikka took over as the first non-founder CEO of India's second-largest software company.
Suri and Razack, both senior vice presidents , will be stationed in Palo Alto, California. Sikka, the main architect of SAP's blockbuster HANA platform for realtime data analytics, is also based in there. All five will report to the former SAP board member , who has been tasked with returning Infosys to industry leadership after three years of lagging competitors such as Tata Consultancy Services and Cognizant .
"The move by the SAP executives conveys that they have confidence in Vishal's prospects to achieve a turnaround," said Rod Bourgeois, Founder and Head of Research at US-based DeepDive Equity Research.
When Sikka announced Infosys' second quarter results last week, the company maintained its revenue growth forecast of 7-9 per cent for the year, but investors have been cheered by a generous interim dividend and a share bonus. On the other hand, Nasscom expects the industry to grow by 13-15 per cent, meaning Infosys and Sikka have a lot of ground to cover.
Srikantan Moorthy, executive vice president and head of human resources, said Infosys attracts top-level talent from all organisations and that its relationship with SAP is "very, very strong." The Bangalore-based company will "continue to build on that relationship in different forms, whether it is on the human resources side in terms of their processes or the products they have built," he said.
Earlier in September, Sanjay Rajagopalan, Navin Budhiraja and Michael Reh joined Infosys from SAP. Rajagopalan is helping Infosys implement Design Thinking, a user-centric problemsolving approach, while Reh has been tasked to revive the company's core banking product Finacle, whose revenue shrank 5.4 per cent in the second quarter.
Although the company has not announced Budhiraja's role yet, the former chief architect at SAP's SuccessFactors is expected to help in the roll-out of new technologies, including adoption of artificial intelligence and automation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Volatility indices gain  $1.8 tn of m-cap wiped out in last 5 daysequities
(Volatility indices in other…)
The volatility indices of developed markets, a key gauge to measure risk among investors, are finally coming out of their complacency after remaining in hibernation for almost a year. The CBOE VIX index, widely known as the fear index, has advanced as much as 47% since the beginning of October, and is now trading at the level of 24.8, the highest since July 2012. It derives its value from the prices paid for options on the S&P 500 index.
Volatility indices in other markets such as Germany, Britain and Hong Kong have scaled up by as much as 30-40% during the past one month. Volatility indices are gaining as investors are pricing in the direction of the US Federal Reserve policy amid weakening global growth.
For investors, the direction of VIX matters as these fear indicators move in the opposite direction to that of the benchmark equity market index. As volatility indices are surging across the world, global equities markets are beginning to feel the heat, and nearly $1.8 trillion - equivalent to India's GDP - has been wiped out in the last five days.
Indian equity market and its volatility indicator, or India VIX, has been remarkably stable in the face of the global rout. In the past five days, when the US markets witnessed its biggest 3-day loss seen since 2012, and most of the developed markets slipped below their 200-day moving average, Indian markets recorded a marginally positive return of 0.13%.
India VIX gained a mere 11.5% since the beginning of October. Analysts believe India VIX is showing lower reading as it has under-priced the risk from the lesser number of trading holidays on account of Diwali. The number of days left for expiry of an option is one of the key constituents to determine the fair value of the option.
Investors can gauge the amount of risk creeping into the markets on the basis of India VIX and accordingly fine-tune their respective portfolios. Historically, India VIX has had a negative correlation of 0.8 with the Nifty , which means if one of these variables is going to increase, then there's a fair chance of the other variable to go down.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian markets edgy on lingering growth worries  dollar upAsian markets edgy on lingering growth worries, dollar up
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 06.41AM IST
READ MORE ON » asian markets
Lingering concerns over global growth kept Asian stocks on a tentative footing, with more signs of gloom in the euro zone economy helping underpin the dollar.
ET SPECIAL:
TOKYO: Lingering concerns over global growth kept Asian stocks on a tentative footing on Wednesday, with more signs of gloom in the euro zone economy helping underpin the dollar.
The dollar extended gains after disappointing data out of Germany and Britain checked the euro's recent bounce.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up 0.08 per cent, but still not too far off a seven-month low hit at the start of the week.
Tokyo's Nikkei climbed 0.4 per cent after touching a two-month trough on Tuesday.
Concerns over faltering global growth triggered a bruising selloff in global equity markets in the past week, and investors remain reluctant to buy into riskier assets as the drumbeat of weak data showed no signs of abating.
Overnight, a closely watched ZEW survey showed German analyst and investor morale fell below zero for the first time in nearly two years in October.
Adding to the gloom, the German government cut its growth forecasts, euro zone industrial production fell, British inflation slowed sharply in September and Fitch warned it may cut France's credit rating.
"Risk-off tone continues to dominate the markets as US equities pared most of the gains while Treasuries remain in demand," Credit Argricole said in a note to clients.
U.S. Treasuries and German Bunds have rallied this week, with the yields on the latter hitting record lows on Tuesday after data reinforced fears the euro zone may be slipping into recession.
Page 1 of 2

U.S. Supreme Court blocks Texas abortion restrictionsU.S. Supreme Court blocks Texas abortion restrictions
MS to harness Indian market with dedicated e...Aditya Birla
(Last year, Microsoft launched…)
BANGALORE: Microsoft is the latest to join ranks of big brands launching their e-commerce stores in India. The company could launch the site as early as November, said a person who is working on the project. Microsoft operates an international online store that ships to multiple countries. The site sells all Microsoft products from software like its Office suite to its Xbox in markets like the US. However, in India, it just offers its software downloads through the global site.
This will change once the India-focused site opens up. "They wanted to launch microsoftstore. in before Diwali but that is not going to happen. It will open up towards the end of November and will offer all the products of the company," said a person, who has knowledge of the plans. Last year, Microsoft launched an online flagship store on Chinese marketplace TMall. The company did not deny or confirm the development.
'We do not have anything to share at this stage," a company spokesperson said. A number of traditional retailers have recently launched their own e-tailing ventures.
The over eight-decade-old textile and apparel company Arvind Ltd launched customclothing site Creyate in August. It is set to launch a multi-brand online store next year. The Aditya Birla Group is also set to launch ecommerce businesses.
"The online channel has become too big for Microsoft to ignore. They know there might be cannibalisation of offline channel but they are willing to take that risk," said one of the people who briefed ETon the matter. Online retail sales accounts for just 0.4 per cent of the overall retail market. However, it is expected to account for 3 per cent of the overall market and reach $32 billion ( Rs 1.96 lakh crore) in size by 2020, according to retail advisory firm Technopak .
Experts said India's massive market ensures that there is enough space for both traditional brick-and-mortar retail and ecommerce. "Even if customers do research on the company's ecommerce site and then buy the product elsewhere, it is still win-win for the brand," said Pinakiranjan Mishra , partner and national leader (retail and consumer products) at consulting services firm EY . He said an own e-store will help brands provide better information and price transparency.
"If a brand has its own site, it directly gets valuable customer data," said Mishra. "On another online portal the customer data does not belong to the brand." Microsoft earned revenue of $86.83 billion (Rs 5.3 lakh crore) last fiscal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong tensions rise as police use pepper spray on protesters  arrest 45Hong Kong tensions rise as police use pepper spray on protesters  arrest 45
Nokia wants nod to sell its Tamil Nadu plantNokia wants nod to sell its Tamil Nadu plant
Veena and Asad take their baby out for a strollShe can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look
Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Sun 18 Sep, 2011 3:54 PM IST
What do you prefer? Katrina and Kangna's (fake) pout or the fuller natural lips of Kareena and Madhuri? Take a look More » Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Celebrity pets
Tue 16 Sep, 2014 5:30 PM IST
Paris Hilton has gotten a new pooch for herself, which reportedly is said to be the world's smallest Pomeranian, and could even fit in a purse for $13,000. And she isn't the only one with pets. Bill Clinton, had a cat; and MJ had a pet snake! These celebrity pets are as famous as their masters. Take a look More » Celebrity pets
Designer Manali Jagtap gets engaged to Vicky Soor
Mon 8 Sep, 2014 1:59 AM IST
What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Fri 5 Sep, 2014 9:16 AM IST
Deepika was so excited that she gave our photographer a series of funny moments. Arjun was not far behind and the event was a fashion night out. More » What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Today on Yahoo

A quill of hope in a valley beset by despondencyUpdated: October 14, 2014 03:10 IST
A quill of hope in a valley beset by despondency
Hari Narayan
MALALA — The Girl Who Stood up for Education and Changed the World: Malala with Patricia McCormick; Hachette Book Publishing India Pvt. Ltd., 4th & 5th Floors, Corporate Centre, Plot No 94, Sector 44, Gurgaon-122003. Rs. 299.
TOPICS
non-fiction
Passionate, precocious, preternatural. The likely adjectives to strike you when you observe 17-year-old Malala Yousafzai. Coming from a region where parents force marriage on their daughters once they enter teenage, her audacity to punch above her weight reminds you of an Oliver Twist discovering a strand of defiance in his character and daring to “ask for more” in a milieu tormented by timidity. Her father has a one-line explanation for this in the third chapter of this book, “Circumstances have made her so.”
Malala the book could have been just the third chapter, ‘Finding my voice,’ and still made a meaningful monograph. For, this is where we get a glimpse of how circumstances forced Malala to wield her quill rather than sink into lassitude. Faced with a situation where she had to choose between fatalism and audacity, she chose the latter. The third chapter is about how she found an expression to this audacity as she entered her teens — her transformation from a tomboyish class topper to a vocal education activist.
It was December 2008, just a month after the 26/11 attacks, a time when India had all but severed its links with the conjoined twin to the west. As the Indian intelligentsia heaped opprobrium on Pakistan for providing safe haven to non-state actors, Pashtuns from Pakistan’s North West Frontier Province (NWFP) — later renamed as Khyber Pakhtunkhwa — fought another battle that would have repercussions for the entire country.
In the serene Swat valley, considered a ‘Switzerland in the subcontinent,’ a semi-literate ‘mullah’ had taken on the mantle of moral police. Though the model of governance he had in mind was regressive and medieval, the tool he used to propagate it was modern. By operating illegal radio networks, Mullah Fazlullah earned the epithet ‘Radio Mullah’ and, through his writ, succeeded in creating both terror and confusion in the minds of the proud Pashtuns. The most vulnerable victims of his wrath were school girls — his code dictated that education was not for them. And as if bombing more than 200 schools in the region in a single year, 2008, was not enough, he ordered girls to stop going to school, setting a deadline.
Here, through serendipity, 11-year-old Malala Yousafzai found a device, the ‘magic pencil’ she had long desired for and started writing a blog for BBC. Her first write up, under the pseudonym ‘Gul Makai,’ went online on January 3, 2009 and received much-needed attention.
The common narrative that emerges as we look into her blog entries and her subsequent media appearances is one of her yearning for a good taleem (education) and her conviction that educated girls would be part of her country’s mustaqbil (future).
How did Malala discover this ‘voice?’ The insurgency in the valley provided the initial impetus. And her father, Ziauddin Yousafzai, perhaps the most courageous proponent of girls’ education in the region, provided the guiding beacon. He comes across as a first generation educationist struggling to keep his dream project — that of Khushal school in which Malala and other girls in the valley study — going. Ziauddin dreams of a country where girls can lead by example and inspire others to realise their ambitions. He wants the charity to begin from home and aspires to take Malala’s courage to the next level by moulding her into a politician.
Apart from Malala’s courage and tenacity, another trait that endears her to the observers is her distinctive sense of humour. Amid the disasters — natural and engineered — plaguing the valley, she manages to retain her sanity, thanks in no small part to her optimism, her sobriety, her humour.
The most poignant example of this comes toward the end of the book, when she is recovering in Birmingham, bruised after being shot by a misguided Talib a few weeks ago but not intimidated. As she glances into the mirror and sees a stranger at the other end, her reaction is not one of horror but of curiosity. That of a ‘scientist studying a specimen,’ is how she puts it. A gem of a statement here is, “[W]hen you’ve nearly lost your life, a funny face in the mirror is simply proof that you are still here on this earth.”
It is this optimism that came to her aid as she recovered, lived on to tell the tale and won the Nobel Peace Prize. However, the cause she champions still faces a perilous path. As per the figures provided by the Pakistani government for 2011-12, the literacy rate for women, in the whole of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, is only about 35 per cent. Taliban’s assault on girls’ education continues: the insurgents have destroyed more than 400 schools in Swat between 2001 and 2009, 70 per cent of them being girls’ schools.
Malala is safe and was able to wield her quill to narrate her tale. Malala’s idealism requires more such quills of hope.

BCCI  not cyclone  killed 3rd ODIBCCI politics kills third ODI
Not having stand-by venues results in no show in Vizag.
By Qaiser Mohammad Ali | Mail Today –  Tue 14 Oct, 2014 11:23 AM IST
0
Kotla could have staged the third ODI also.
New Delhi: The Hudhud Cyclone that lashed coastal Andhra Pradesh provided Delhi an excellent opportunity to become only the second venue in India — after Gwalior in 1993 — to host successive One-Day Internationals.
The BCCI, for which pleasing its constituent units seems to be a priority, woke up too late, despite the meteorological department’s advance warnings of Visakhapatnam being in range of the advancing cyclone.
It resulted in the third encounter of the five-ODI series against the West Indies being cancelled.
Had there been stand-by venues for home international matches, the ODI could have easily been relocated and saved the BCCI a huge embarrassment.
Initially, the BCCI didn’t want to relocate the game, clearly due to vote- bank politics, as the Andhra Cricket Association (ACA) is a staunch supporter of sidelined BCCI president N Srinivasan.
And by the time its mandarins realised that it wouldn’t indeed be wise to hang on to false hope, and approached the Delhi and District Cricket Association (DDCA) on Saturday, it was too late to stage the game.
A major reason for not shifting the match was that the BCCI wouldn’t have received the insurance claim had it ‘prematurely’ announced the cancellation of the ODI.
In trying to have the best of both worlds, the BCCI ended up with egg on its face.
Finally, on Monday BCCI announced the cancellation of the ODI, due to a “natural calamity”, and the two teams stayed put in Delhi. They will now travel to Dharamsala for Friday’s fourth ODI.
As late as Saturday, BCCI secretary Sanjay Patel was insistent that the match would not be relocated. “It’s difficult to shift the venue at such short notice. The cricketers’ itinerary may be changed but there would be logistical problems like TV crew. We’re, however, alert on this,” Patel had said.
Only he knows what he implied by being “alert” in this context.
ACA secretary Gokaraju Gangaraju, too, was not willing to let go the chance to host the ODI, despite tell-tale warnings that the Dr YS Rajasekhara Reddy ACAVDCA Cricket Stadium was literally in the eye of the storm.
Against all odds, this is what Gangaraju said on Saturday: “The entire ground is fully covered. There’s no question of water getting on to the pitch. Besides, we’ve excellent drainage facility. The match is on.”
Had the BCCI, for a change, made cricket its top priority, the Visakhapatnam ODI could have been played in Delhi or elsewhere. DDCA president SP Bansal said he would have surely agreed to host the game had he been given a week’s notice.
“We would have loved to stage a second ODI. But a three-day notice, including a Sunday, was too short to get all the required permissions — from the police, fire department, entertainment department, and the MCD — besides printing match tickets,” Bansal told MAIL TODAY.
“To get MCD permission, we have to approach the Delhi High Court as a case regarding Ferozeshah Kotla’s property tax is subjudice there. Without the court’s permission, we couldn’t have hosted a second match, and you never know how long it would have taken to get the permission,” he said.
“For the first time in about eight years, we had no problem in getting the required permissions from the government departments for Saturday’s ODI, for which we are thankful to them. So, had we got a week’s notice we would’ve loved to host another match.”
No BCCI official was available for comment, but a Srinivasan group loyalist admitted that this embarrassment could have been avoided had the Board put in place a policy of stand-by venues for all home matches. “And so far as rotation of venues is concerned, overlapping matches could always be adjusted in the next home series,” he said.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Dimon: No absolute protection from cyberattacksSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
JPMorgan Chase, the banking giant hit by one of the largest cyberattacks in corporate history, can’t guarantee total protection from losses caused by data breaches, CEO Jamie Dimon said Tuesday.
The New York City-based bank will invest on “any and all things we need to do” to combat the attack and repair the breach, Dimon said during a conference call with Wall Street analysts to discuss JPMorgan’s third-quarter earnings. That includes a likely doubling of spending on cybersecurity safeguards over the next four to five years, he said.
But there’s no “absolute,” he cautioned.
“We do think that, unfortunately, there are going to be some wins and losses in this,” said Dimon. “We don’t want to be sitting here saying you will absolutely be protected because it would put you in a false sense of security.”
The comments followed JPMorgan’s Oct. 2 disclosure that the attack, first announced in July, compromised user contact information for 76 million households and seven million small businesses. That information included name, address, phone number, email address and internal JPMorgan information, the bank said in the disclosure.
“To date we have not observed elevated levels of fraud related to his matter,” Marianne Lake, the bank’s chief financial officer, told analysts during Tuesday’s conference call.
However, Lake warned that JPMorgan faces “relentless, constant and evolving” waves of cyberattacks.
Potential safeguards being weighed by the bank include so-called tokenization — a procedure in which a unique identifying number assigned to each transaction is transmitted electronically, rather than a credit card number or bank account data.
Tokenization “avoids a certain type of fraud but not other types of fraud,” Dimon cautioned.
“It’s going to be a long battle,” he said.

9 stocks bound with nice bounce-backs9 stocks bound with beautiful bounce-backs
By: Matt Krantz October 14, 2014 12:21 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
When there’s panic on Wall Street, there’s serious money to be made by cool-headed investors. It’s not just an adage. Look at some stocks delivering a heck of a bounce to investors.
There’s a group of nine stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 1500, including miner Cliffs Natural (CLF) , surfwear maker Quiksilver (ZQK) and airline Southwest Airlines (LUV) , that have delivered 7% gains just today, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. These are some of the power players as the market tries to shake off its October funk.
Investors are carefully watching what kinds of stocks bounce back the strongest — for clues to whether the market’s mood is taking a new turn. If there’s a sudden upturn in defensive stocks, that might be a clue that investors are digging in for a tough slog. But that doesn’t appear to be the case.
Of the nine stocks, all but one, Southwest, are either midsized or small-sized companies. This shows in  that area of the market, riskiest smallish companies are seeing the rebound. If more large-cap stocks were seeing a rise that might indicate investors are looking for safety by clinging to bigger stocks.
The biggest winner is Cliffs Natural. The stock, up 17% just today, has been absolutely crushed this year. It’s still down 63% this year — even after Friday’s gain. The company produces coal and iron ore — and has been clobbered this year on a variety of concerns. Most recently, Canadian steel company Essar Algoma — one of Cliffs’ top customers — filed for bankruptcy protection. But Tuesday, investors are just looking for a bargain.
Some of the bounce-back stocks are simply a case of low per-share prices. Surfwear company Quiksilver is the best example. The stock was up 13% Friday, but that gets it back to $1.78. The stock is still down 80% this year.
Perhaps more interesting is the strong recovery in airline stocks. Both JetBlue (JBLU) and Southwest are among the biggest gainers Tuesday — as new data on Ebola has cooled the panic not just about the disease, but the stocks. Shares of Southwest are up 7.3% and Jetblue stock is up 8.7%.
S&P 1500 STOCKS BOUNCING BACK THE MOST TUESDAY
Company

View: Why BJP & Shiv Sena have no sense of history | Maha  Haryana vote today | Coverageadvisors
(At present, there is only…)
For many years, a variety of intolerant and self-serving politics has been on the ascendant in Maharashtra. At the moment the competition, it would seem, (I could be wrong since I am no political pundit) is between the Shiv Sena and the BJP.
Looking at recent events, I keep asking myself, why are we so blind in the choices we make and as a consequence what befalls us? Has the middle class ceased to think and introspect? Are we living in denial? Forget our earlier history, I can't but assume that we are unaware of even our recent past. We have an extraordinarily rich, progressive lineage which should have been our lode-star and moral compass.
Many great social reformers emerged out of Maharashtrian society. Gokhale, Agarkar, Phule, Ambedkar, Kosambi; women reformers like Pandita Ramabai, Irawati Karve, Lakshmibai Tilak; Maharshi Karve, Tilak and undoubtedly, Shivaji. Do people who invoke Shivaji's name understand what a visionary and liberal ruler he was? He didn't discriminate amongst Hindus, Muslims or Dalits.
They were all part of his army and some of them were his advisors. His taxation system is considered one of the most enlightened; it was non-exploitative, based on the concept of fairness and acknowledged farmers as the backbone of any economy and polity.
But we have turned our backs on all this. Sadly, we are complicit in encouraging political tendencies which threaten our own fundamental rights. Today, there is confusion in the minds of the Maharashtrian middle class. While it used to be strongly for the Sena, it also has had a longer familial link with the BJP because of its affinity with the Sangh Parivar.
So, earlier when the alliance existed, the choice was easy. Now, choosing whom to vote for presents a unique dilemma. And I am not even talking about the MNS here. Add to it, the public acceptability of Narendra Modi only appears to be growing.
Earlier, ordinary citizens used to wear Modi masks. But in this election, the BJP candidates are all masks. They have no persona of their own; all of them are mouthpieces and parrots for Modiji. They know that they can get elected only if they echo Modiji. Perhaps the Sena has not factored in at the moment that gravity can be defied and it's possible to fly only by hanging on to Modiji's silkkurta-tails.
At present, there is only one narrative operative in the country: development and money. But what do they mean by 'development'? We understand this vague word as the hope that India will overcome all its ills. But we don't wish to admit that uninhibited free-market development can be disastrously short-sighted. It has no place for the poor except to exploit them. Its only rationale is greed and it's obvious how it led to the world economy's collapse; and its role in climate change and fossil fuel scenario can spell the end of civilization as we know it.
 
In contrast, the national narrative framed by our founding fathers was different. Democracy, inclusiveness and a strong love for mother earth were its key features. Recently, I was speaking to young students about it. Some of them earnestly asked me, 'Why should we know about the national narrative? What's it to us? We feel Modi will do good work". I was unsure of how to respond to that, but even the rise of Modiji has been possible because of the institutionalization of democracy achieved by Gandhi, Nehru and others.
Nehru had a vision and a historical sense. These parties (BJP and Sena) and their supporters have no sense of history. When they talk of Hindutva, their ignorance about the diverse traditions and practices in Hinduism and its openness, among other things, becomes obvious. This is not to say that the Congress or NCP are any better.
The current Prime Minister could not have had better allies than them. After all, Modiji could not have won such a thumping victory without the colossal corruption and supine ineffectiveness of these clandestine friends.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil firms profit Rs 100 crore daily on diesel salesOil firms profit Rs 100 crore daily on diesel sales
New Poodle web threat not seen as menacing as Heartbleed  ShellshockNew Poodle web threat not seen as menacing as Heartbleed  Shellshock
Pet dog becomes model for designer fashionChic Shiba: Pet Pooch Models Designer Fashion
by Barcroft TV 2:53 mins
299,400 views
Chic Shiba: Pet Pooch Models Designer Fashion
by Barcroft TV 2:53 mins
299,400 views
A pet dog has become an internet sensation after becoming a model for mens’ clothing lines. Bodhi, a five-year-old Shiba Inu dog also known as Menswear Dog has gained over 146,000 followers on his Instagram, where he is featured wearing suits, ties and glasses.   Videographer / Director: Laurentiu Garofeanu, Producer: Samantha Grillo, Editor: Kyle Waters.
Link

Ebola infection rate could reach 10 000 a week  says WHO officialEbola infection rate could reach 10,000 a week
AFP
The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Tuesday the Ebola infection rate could soon reach 10,000 a week as world leaders prepared to hold talks on the crisis at the United Nations.
   
WHO assistant director general Bruce Aylward, describing his figures as a working forecast, said the epidemic "could reach 5,000 to 10,000 cases per week by the first week of December".
Spanish medics Marta Arsuaga Vicente (L), Fernando de la Calle and Maria del Mar Lago (R), who are treating Ebola-infected Spanish nurse Teresa Romero, chat in a corridor of Carlos III Hospital in Madrid. (AFP Photo)
The latest death toll is 4,447, from 8,914 recorded cases of infection, Aylward said as the epidemic spirals in the three hardest-hit west African countries of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
   
While the figures suggest a survival rate of 50%, they mask the true picture, Aylward said, adding: "What we're finding is 70% mortality" in all three countries.
   
The United Nations was due to hold talks later Tuesday on a public health crisis that the WHO has called the "most severe in modern times".
   
On Monday, US President Barack Obama and UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon called for the international campaign against the haemorrhagic virus to be intensified.
   
Meanwhile, a 56-year-old Sudanese doctor who had worked as a UN volunteer in Liberia died of Ebola on Monday night after arriving in Germany last week for treatment.
   
'No one taking care of us'
   
In Liberia, doctors and nurses pressed on with a strike demanding danger money to treat Ebola patients as the government threatened to fire them.
   
"Those who stay home... will be replaced and will never come back to work," health minister Walter Gwenigale said on state radio.
   
Ninety-five Liberian health workers have died so far in the epidemic, and their surviving colleagues want pay commensurate with the acute risk of dealing with Ebola, which spreads through contact with bodily fluids and for which there is no vaccine or widely available treatment.
   
In the face of the strike, the local office of the WHO said it was "very concerned for the safety and well-being of the Ebola patients, and urges the health workers to continue with their work".
   
In the capital Monrovia, a hospital patient quoted on local radio described scenes of desolation, with the sick deserted by striking staffers.
The unnamed man said patients who could still walk were climbing over the fence to escape from the treatment unit.
   
At least two cases of contamination have been reported beyond west Africa, in the United States and Europe.
   
Read: India ramps up Ebola screening at airports
   
In Dallas, a nurse who tested positive after caring for a Liberian Ebola patient -- who died last Wednesday -- is in isolation and said to be in stable condition.
   
A Spanish nurse, Teresa Romero, 44, is thought to have caught Ebola while treating an elderly missionary who was infected in Sierra Leone and died on September 25.
   
A doctor at the specialist tropical disease hospital Carlos III in Madrid told reporters: "Statistics show that usually the disease is most deadly up to the 13th or 14th day. Now it is one day after that, so that is good."
   
$25mn for 'heroic work'
   
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg on Tuesday announced a $25 million donation to the US Centers for Disease Control Foundation to help US efforts to contain the epidemic.
   
"Grants like this directly help the frontline responders in their heroic work," Zuckerberg said on his Facebook page.
   
British troops began loading a ship that will set sail for Sierra Leone later this week to help in efforts to contain the outbreak.
   
The civilian-staffed military ship will travel with three helicopters, air crews and engineers to provide transport and support to medical teams and aid workers.
   
Measures have been introduced in the United States, Canada and Britain to screen for possible Ebola infections among passengers arriving at airports from African countries hit by the virus.
   
Asian aviation hub Singapore said it would also step up Ebola screening for passengers arriving at Changi Airport.
   
The UN nuclear agency said it would send specialised equipment to the west African countries hit by the Ebola outbreak to help faster diagnosis.
   
The machine uses the so-called Reverse Transcriptase Polymerase Chain Reaction technology that allows the Ebola virus "to be detected within a few hours, while other methods require growing on a cell culture for several days before a diagnosis is determined", the IAEA said.
   
"Early diagnosis... if combined with appropriate medical care, increases the victims' chance of survival and helps curtail the spread of the disease by making it possible to isolate and treat the patients earlier," it said in a statement.

Ebola expected to peak in DecemberEbola expected to peak in December Oct 14, 2014 - 4:54 pm
The World Health Organisation has said it expects the Ebola epidemic in west Africa to peak by early December, before international action reverses the upward trend. Fiona Symon asked Clive Cookson, Science correspondent, about the findings

New labour reforms set to toss out Inspector...Commissioner Directorate General
(Under the programme, the…)
NEW DELHI: The NDA government is set to unveil its first big-bang labour reform by partially dismantling the factory inspector raj, perceived by industry to be arbitrary and corrupt. Under the proposed reforms, labour inspectors will lose their power to decide which unit to visit and the number of forms related to compliance with labour laws that employers have to file will drop from 16 to 1.
However, cutting down on the inspector raj will be twinned with pro-worker measures, such as making it easier for employees to access provident fund accounts and insurance schemes, according to a concept note prepared by the labour ministry which EThas reviewed.
Some of these changes could be unveiled as early as Thursday by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in the presence of state labour and health ministers from across the country. Modi is likely to inaugurate a new programme, christened Pt Deen Dayal Upadhyay Shrameva Jayate Karyakram.
Under the programme, the labour ministry is setting up a 'Shram Suvidha', or labour facilitation, portal and will unveil a new 'Labour Inspection Scheme' that will cut down on the inspector raj and bring in transparency for e-filing of returns related to compliance with various labour laws. It will also make it easier for workers to access welfare schemes such as Employees' Provident Fund and insurance.
Importantly, the new scheme introduces portability for EPF accounts by linking them with bank accounts.
As part of the inaugural ceremony, the PM will send SMSes to 1,800 labour inspectors of four central organisations (Chief Labour Commissioner, Directorate General of Mines Safety, Employees' Provident Fund and Employees' State Insurance Corporation), which will immediately come under the new scheme.
These four organisations administer 16 out of 44 central labour laws in government and private companies across the country. In the second phase of the programme, the government intends to bring in the remaining labour laws and also all the state governments on to the portal to ensure that all the units of the country are covered by this scheme.
As part of the new system, a unique Labour Identification Number (LIN) will be allotted to factories or industrial units to facilitate online registration. Instead of 16 separate returns, units need to file just one consolidated, self-certified and simplified online return.
Inspectors will lose their power to choose which unit to visit. Instead, a computer-generated random list of units will be given to inspectors, that too only the previous day.
The need to inspect a factory because of a specific complaint will be decided centrally after examining evidence.
 
Further, the labour inspectors have to upload their reports within 72 hours of the inspection to ensure timely redress of grievances of employers. The eventual aim of the exercise is to have a complete database on employers, employees and industrial units on one website.
The portal will be operated by four central organisations: Chief Labour Commissioner, Directorate General of Mines Safety, Employees' Provident Fund and Employees' State Insurance Corporation.
The ministry has already collated information about all the 11 lakh units under these organisations and digitised and de-duplicated them reducing the total number to 6-7 lakh. All these units may be offered LIN on Thursday.
Henceforth, only serious issues will be covered under the mandatory inspection list and a computerised list of units that are to be inspected will be generated randomly based on pre-determined objective criteria. But there will be provision for emergency inspection of workplaces in specific circumstances.
There is also a provision for portability of the EPF account of employees through a Universal Account Number (UAN). The UAN is being linked with the bank account, Aadhaar card and other KYC details to facilitate financial inclusion. By October 16, 2014, approximately 2 crore subscribers will have the benefit of portability through UAN. Subscribers will be informed through SMS/email immediately on inauguration.
A minimum pension has been introduced for the first time so that pension is not less than Rs 1,000 per month. The wage ceiling has been raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000 per month to ensure vulnerable groups are covered under the EPF scheme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Can you guess who their dads areThey look just like dad
by clipko 0:45 mins
A glance at these star kids and you can surely guess who their fathers are.
Link

Sebi-DLF: Should home buyers  investors suffer | Implicationscapital market
(In DLF’s case, the fault…)
Sebi's decision in DLF case is unusually harsh because of the collateral fallout and possible disproportionately large cost to other stakeholders, especially people who have bought houses in DLF projects.
The market watchdog has punished the promoters and other decision-makers for inadequate disclosures made in the prospectus when the company made a public offer of shares in 2007, but should corporate entity DLF have also been punished, and to the same extent?
Sebi has barred DLF, promoters KP Singh and Rajiv Singh , and four others from buying, selling or otherwise dealing in securities, directly or indirectly, in any manner, whatsoever, for the period of three years.
Treating corporate entity and the promoters/executives alike means that heavily indebted DLF that needs funds to complete ongoing projects will not have any capital market access for three years. It cannot raise equity to pare down debt or raise more loan funds. The company had a net debt of over Rs 19,000 crore at the end of June 2014.
It is conceivable that banks will also get jittery rolling over debt or increasing their exposure to the troubled company. Two sets of stakeholders will face the brunt of Sebi's decision. Minority shareholders who have bought company's stock lost over 25% of their value on Tuesday.
The bigger losers could be and those who have bought houses in around 25 under-execution DLF projects if there is delay. One can still justify shareholders' loss - they knowingly invested shares of a company, a risky asset, and have paid the price for not doing their homework.
The same cannot be said for those who bought houses from their life savings. Sure real estate is often more risky than even shares, but not everyone is a speculator. For most Indians, house is a lifetime of savings. Every corporate penal action will have some fall out on innocent bystanders or stakeholders such as suppliers, contactors, routines employees and workers, creditors and many others.
Therefore, a blanket rule that precludes corporate prosecution just because there will be collateral consequences is neither desirable nor justified. A company is a legal entity and it should be liable to action for every wrong doing. That decision, however, must consider the fact that a company's decisions are made by promoters, shareholders and managers.
Therefore, disproportionate share of blame and punishment must fall on them and not the corporate entity, especially when collateral consequences are large.
In DLF's case, the fault is more with the promoters/managers because Sebi action relates to inadequate disclosures in IPO. In fact, those who invested in the company's IPO can justifiably claim to be the aggrieved party. Yes , deterrent punishment is called for to clean up the Indian stock market where players get wind of almost every deal and promoters often treat listed public companies as their private property, but that need must also be tempered by some consideration of collateral consequences.
Could it have been that those responsible for providing misleading information in the public offer given a much harsher punishment, but the company let off with a stern warning?
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to take on Apple iPhone 6 Plus this DiwaliSamsung Galaxy Note 4 to take on Apple iPhone 6 Plus this Diwali
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Oct 15, 2014, 10.38AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(Samsung unveiled its Galaxy…)
NEW DELHI: Two iconic handset companies are set for a titanic clash on October 17, looking to cash in on festive demand ahead of Diwali. Samsung on Tuesday unveiled its latest flagship Galaxy Note 4 device, which will go on sale from Friday , when Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also become available.
The Note 4 - launched globally about a month ago is positioned to take on the Apple iPhone 6 Plus on pricing, even as the Korean major's dominance of both the overall phone market and the fast-growing smartphone segment faces a growing threat from Indian handset makers.
The 5.7-inch screen Note 4 is priced at Rs 58,300, lower than the 16 GB variant of the 5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus, which is available at Rs 62,500 for pre-order. The 16 GB variant of the iPhone 6 costs Rs 53,500 for pre-order. "We're launching it at the briskest pace that we could get it to India, which happens to be on October 17, which also brings in Diwali," said Asim Warsi, vice president for mobile & IT at Samsung India , when asked if Samsung had strategically decided to steal Apple's thunder in India in this premium segment.
"The Indian consumer is a very rational consumer. He will be a thrifty buyer even if he has money, and will judge, compare and make a reasonably informed decision," Warsi added.
Samsung will come out with 'affordability aids' such as EMI offerings, debit card-based offers and non-banking finance options for consumers.
Analysts feel lack of innovation has been the Achilles' heel for Samsung in recent times, which led to limited sales of its flagship Galaxy S5 smartphone, although the company reiterates it met its internal expectations. The chaebol expects an almost 60% decline in operating profit to $3.8 billion in the third quarter of 2014, its fourth straight quarterly drop.
Samsung, though, is pegging the Note 4 as a huge technological advancement over models launched in the past three years in the large-screen smartphone category. It is also banking on loyalty and is expecting a majority of the over 1 million Note users in India to upgrade, Warsi said.
The mobile phone maker has a 29% share of the smartphone market in India, followed by Micromax with 18%. Samsung has 17% of the overall handset space in India, while Micromax comes close with 14%, according to market research firm Interna tional Data Corporation.
Samsung is looking forward to the October-December quarter, during which sales of electronic and consumer products rise due to the festive season, gifting and discounts. Warsi said Samsung is expected to clock sales exceeding the industry growth of 2025% in this quarter because of devices launched in the entrylevel, mid-range and high-end segments over the past few months. The company introduced the Galaxy Alpha for Rs 39,990 last week.
About the war between online and offline retailers in India, especially in the mobile phone space where websites offer bigger discounts than traditional stores, Warsi said Samsung will sell from all platforms wherever consumers are present.
"We've had engagements with online platforms since their inception, which will continue.There is a visible growth in consumers shopping online, so we will be available there. But we're not choosing channels," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

"Often people go to a store  try out jeans  then buy it online": Chakor Jain  Lee India"Often people go to a store  try out jeans  then buy it online": Chakor Jain  Lee India
Will Modi s optimism be punctured by global ...Will PM Narendra Modi's current optimism be punctured by gathering global clouds?
Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar Oct 15, 2014, 06.24AM IST
Tags:
Congress
Narendra Modi has generated much hope and enthusiasm. He has been praised for the Jan Dhan Yojana, the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, higher FDI limits for defence and insurance, punctuality requirements for bureaucrats and selfcertification of documents by citizens. Some of these are simply extensions of old Congress schemes, but Modi has done a fine sales job.
The stock market has boomed. But the economy has refused to accelerate. Dismal industrial data for two months have prompted many analysts to downgrade their expectations of 5.5% GDP growth in 2014-15. Sajjid Chinoy of JPMorgan, for instance, now predicts just 5.1% growth, a very modest improvement on P Chidambaram's last two years.
Exports Pulling the Strings
Chinoy notes that the modest uptick in industrial production earlier this year was strongly linked to Indian exports, which grew fast as the world economy picked up. But the world is now slowing, and so are Indian exports. The global slowdown is marked in Europe, Japan and China. The IMF predicts a global GDP slowdown to 3.1%, not much above recessionary levels. This is bad news for exports and industry.
Industrial growth has been a dismal 0.4% for the last two months, destroying hopes of a Modi-inspired surge. In August, manufacturing output actually fell 1.4%. Capital goods production, the essence of new investment, declined 13%. Maybe these are blips that will get ironed out. Yet, today's combination of high hopes and stagnant production bears an uncanny, depressing resemblance to Chidambaram's last two years.
Hope Floats, and Sinks
In summer 2012, Chidambaram was recalled to the finance ministry by Sonia Gandhi and given a free hand to launch reforms and accelerate growth after a long period of paralysis and stagnation. He liberalised multibrand retail, promised new bank licences and with Manmohan Singh's help cleared .`6 lakh crore worth of stuck projects. The stock market soared. Investors expected project clearances to translate into fast growth.
Prices looked like getting tamed after years of high inflation, so investors expected interest rates to be cut too. They were willing to give Chidambaram time to deliver, and so glossed over many months of slow industrial and export growth.
  Tax revenues did not grow, and so, Plan investment was slashed for fiscal rectitude. Nevertheless, the stock market soared right till May 2013, hoping that good days were round the corner.
Alas, the US Fed then announced it was going to taper its quantitative easing. Billions of dollars flooded out of all emerging markets. India was among the worst-hit, since high inflation had induced massive gold imports and a current account deficit of 4.9% of GDP. When the 'taper tantrum' struck and foreigners pulled out billions of dollars, the rupee plummeted from Rs 55 to Rs 68 to the dollar, before stabilising at Rs 65. The stock market crashed. The cleared projects worth crores did not translate into an economic upsurge.
Today, do we sense deja vu? Will the current combination of soaring political hopes and stagnant production lead to a rerun of the Chidambaram fiasco? Will current optimism be punctured by mass exit by foreign investors? In the last month, billions have exited emerging markets in anticipation of the end of quantitative easing, and the Sensex has suffered. Yet, things could get far worse.
From Worse to Pits?
The biggest FII inflows into India have been into debt markets, not stock markets. Indian interest rates are high, and the rupee has been strong enough to allow foreign investors to hedge their investments profitably through swaps. But what will happen if the mood changes? Suddenly, the huge inflows into the debt markets can become outflows. That will sink the rupee, and panicky foreign investors will try to pull out even more dollars before the exchange rate truly crashes.
Silver lining: India today is much better paced to withstand a pullout. The current account deficit has fallen to below 2% of GDP. Low commodity prices (especially of oil) are offsetting lack of export dynamism.
Low commodity prices are also helping tame inflation and the fiscal deficit. Consumer price inflation is down to 6.7% and wholesale price inflation to 2.4%. Other emerging markets are in far worse shape.
But staving off disaster is not enough. Modi is supposed to bring in 'achchhe din' through rapid growth. A hugely disconcerting fact is that all Chidambaram's and Modi's efforts haven't produced a boom in orders for machinery or construction. Lesson: Central clearances are not abinding constraint. The binding constraints are state clearances, activist judges who stay executive orders, NGO-led agitations against land acquisition and mining, and the reluctance of banks to lend more to the broken PPP model in infrastructure.
These problems will not disappear easily. But Modi must immediately tackle them. Optimists will say that five months is not enough to transform India. Fair enough. But Modi must understand that time is running out, and the global scenario is deteriorating fast.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cement firms expect better profitabilityCement firms expect better profitability
Ebola infection rate could reach 10 000 a week  says WHOEbola infection rate could reach 10 000 a week  says WHO
Day after Sebi ban  DLF stock plunges 28 pc; investors lose Rs 7 439 crDay after Sebi ban  DLF stock plunges 28 pc; investors lose Rs 7 439 cr
Bahrain undertakes measures to deal with EbolaBahrain undertakes measures to deal with Ebola
Hong Kong police use pepper spray on protesters  arrest 45Hong Kong police use pepper spray on protesters  arrest 45
Best B-schools in India: The inside story9 things not to ask in a job interview
>
Hiring activity is the first giveaway of economic sentiment, and it has surged, unequivocally. The Manpower Employment Outlook Survey of 5,287 employers across India says that they expect vigorous hiring from October to December. This is certainly reassuring for those gearing up for the Common Entrance Test (CAT).
It is also one reason why Business Today's ranking of India's Best B-Schools, in association with MDRA, is slotted for this time of the year. This year, the BT-MDRA survey has ploughed deep by adding a critical sub-parameter of governance to present the data on 247 B-schools.
It helped us find the availability of members of governing board, academic advisory board and also ascertain if the members have interacted among themselves in the last one year. It also helped us throw light on the commission and omission in the course curriculum and teaching methodology in the last one year.
The pecking order of the top 10 B-schools remains largely intact with IIM Ahmedabad at the pole position. The institute has also put behind Indian School of Business (ISB) in our perception ranking survey that ranks the one-year Executive MBA programmes. Mumbai's S.P. Jain Institute of Management and Research (SPJMIR) gets into the top-five list for the first time.
 
Just in case you are wondering why some reputed schools are missing from the list, this time too institutes such as IIM Bangalore and Lucknow stayed away from the survey. Others that did not share their details include the Department of Management Studies of IIT Madras, IMT Ghaziabad and FORE School of Management.
Apart from the toppers's list, there is a lot to be read in the sub-text and parameters of the survey. For instance, when it comes to future orientation and learning, it is IIM-C and not IIM-A that is the numero uno and SPJMIR climbs further up the ladder here.
IIM Indore and IMI rank high, right after IIM-A on the learning parameter. Prin. L.N. Welingkar Institute of Management & Research, Mumbai, ranks ninth. Since bulk of the MBA aspirants join B-schools that rank between 20 and 100, BT has mined out a few surprising aspects of these institutions through campus profiles.
The report on better placements on campuses is case for cheer among students. Nearly four lakh students step into the job market out of the over 4,000 B-schools every year in India. The top 25 schools alone churn out up to 8,000 students every year. For hiring that ended in March 2013, IIM-A witnessed a rise of over 28 per cent in international job offers and 10 per cent in domestic offers. The sentiment was less upbeat earlier in the year on some campuses where hiring concluded early. "Early this year saw some apprehension as mood in Corporate India was not so great. Compensation remained flat this year; there was no big jump," says Rishikesha T. Krishnan, Director, IIM Indore.
Top recruiters were companies such as Deloitte, Boston Consulting Group, Cognizant, Wipro, ICICI Bank and Reliance Industries. E-commerce players too visited the B-school campuses with Amazon and Flipkart leading the pack. Flipkart hired close to 50 graduates from the IIMs and other top B-schools in 2014 as it plans to double its headcount to 25,000 by the middle of 2015.
"Hiring sentiment in B-schools has been better and more companies are expected to make offers as recruitment is picking up again. We expect salaries to go up by 8-10 per cent in the FMCG sector," says Sumit Mitra, Head, Group HR and Corporate Services, Godrej Industries and Associate Companies.
More Issues
However, better job offers still do not justify more IIMs, as has been announced in the Union Budget 2014/15. The six new IIMs of the total 13 are still struggling to take off. Even IIM-A has to deal with a unique set of issues. Ashish Nanda, who took charge as its director late last year, says change takes time. "A preformed template won't work and over the past few months my efforts have been to understand and learn from my colleagues. It has led to a three-pronged strategy: nurture, connect and grow," he says.
One of the challenges facing the IIMs is their inability to offer competitive salaries to faculty. "When I was a student of IIM-A, we had 400 students and 85 faculty members. Today, we have 1,000 students and 91 faculty members. So it's not grown commensurate with students," rues Nanda.
He says that the compensation level for Indian faculty is very low. "We need to top up the base compensation to attract and retain the best faculty. If we want world-class institutes, we have to offer the faculty world-class employment opportunities," he says.
However, there is a lot of room for more premier management institutes as the country will need 250 million skilled people in the next decade. Industry estimates show that approximately 142 million students would need higher education by 2030. Present day education institutions need to increase their intake by 40 million to serve at least 50 per cent of the demand.
Not all will opt for B-schools. But many need adequate skills as currently only a fifth of the students who graduate from various institutions are actually employable. This need, at the business education level, is now being addressed through distance learning programmes and newer management skilling institutes such as Bridge School of Management and Sunstone Business School that are pitching themselves as 'un-MBA'.
Management schools, meanwhile, have shaped up their curriculum to suit the new industry trends. And young managers too are scaling up their skills, not necessarily by cramming theories or through sabbaticals. They also have no desire to flash their college certificates. "I think such institutes capture the sweet spot in the job market. Even established institutes such as ISB are responding to the need," says Sandeep Kohli, National Director, HR, EY.
Kohli is referring to the ISB's general management curriculum crafted as EY programme. It is a 22-month course wherein working professionals need to be on campus only for a week in every quarter. The regular MBA for executives requires a full-year study on campus.
Meanwhile, many youngsters are looking at alternatives. Kriti Bansal, a 21-year-old graduate from Sriram College of Commerce, has in fact put off her plan for an MBA to gain work experience, after she got a job offer from consulting firm McKinsey. "I will consider options after two or three years and would like to pursue an MBA from one of the Ivy League institutes in the US," she says.
Tier-I colleges across metros have emerged as talent hubs as students manage to get job offers up to Rs 14 lakh a year. This is as good as what some of the B-school graduates get. Besides, recruiters too are seeking well-rounded talent. This is one reason MBA aspirants must calculate their return on investment before taking a call. The article Who Needs An MBA, Anyway? shows how the careers of an MBA graduate and a non-MBA student stack up.
Well-rounded Candidates
Since 2012, Godrej has an initiative called Live Out Ur Dream or LOUD. It seeks to identify passionate and creative individuals to be a part of Godrej's future talent pool. "We want students who strongly believe in something and have interest outside the ambit of cracking modules for better grades," says Mitra of Godrej.
Thanks to this, Abhishek Iyer from SIBM Pune won Rs 1.5 lakh as prize money last year. "I am passionate about football and my dream was to have my own show. I was able to execute it with the money," says Iyer, 23. Now, 'Football Focus with Abhishek' is available on YouTube.
EY too has scholarships aimed at discovering future leaders and it is seeking diversity in identifying deserving young women in humanities stream. "All this is important to build your brand on campuses as students are not fixating too hard only on salaries, but seek a learning environment," says Kohli.
Many B-schools are also finding it necessary to apply their own management and marketing lessons on themselves. Since 2012 when XLRI started its brand-building exercise, the batch size of its two-year management programme has gone up from 120 to 180 students last year. Similarly, the HR management batch strength has increased to 180 from this year.
The education sector is also witnessing the rise of institutions like Shiv Nadar University and the recently launched Ashoka University, which is offering humanities and a range of electives as a challenger to the value offered by MBAs.
Students such as Bansal are keeping their options open to study outside also because of the exposure and diversity. "Here classes have an overwhelming tilt towards engineers and many just aim for good grades and placement deals," says Jatin Bhandari, Founder, Pythagurus, a start-up that offers solutions to those seeking education abroad.
This is not the case about campuses abroad, where many actually do not reveal grades to recruiters as their focus is on getting students to strive harder. According to Bhandari, students in India often opt for electives that are easy to crack rather than those that will hone their skills but are difficult to score on. "Campuses outside stress on diversity and launch complex algorithms to ensure that each section has a mix of student profiles," he says. That is also why many B-schools here are rushing with open arms for tie-ups with well-known campuses.
The workforce diversity is also set to increase with many people from the armed forces joining the corporate world. Also many bureaucrats are signing up for an MBA and quitting the civil services.
Finally, campuses are about lasting memories of fun, bonhomie, building future banks of network and even campus romance that have led to life-long partnership of a different kind.
Think beyond the IIMs

Ash  Sridevi and Shilpa celebrate Karwa ChauthMoon gazing on Karva Chauth
Here's how the Bachchans and the other Kapoor family celebrated Karva Chauth
Print
Bollywood Celebrates Karva Chauth1:32
Karva Chauth is an Indian Festival celebrated by marries woman. And bollywood celebrities being no exception to the festival. Here we bring you some pictures of Bollywood celebrating the festival. ... more 
Karva Chauth is an Indian Festival celebrated by marries woman. And bollywood celebrities being no exception to the festival. Here we bring you some pictures of Bollywood celebrating the festival. Take a look. less 
1 / 24
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look
Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Sun 18 Sep, 2011 3:54 PM IST
What do you prefer? Katrina and Kangna's (fake) pout or the fuller natural lips of Kareena and Madhuri? Take a look More » Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Celebrity pets
Tue 16 Sep, 2014 5:30 PM IST
Paris Hilton has gotten a new pooch for herself, which reportedly is said to be the world's smallest Pomeranian, and could even fit in a purse for $13,000. And she isn't the only one with pets. Bill Clinton, had a cat; and MJ had a pet snake! These celebrity pets are as famous as their masters. Take a look More » Celebrity pets
Designer Manali Jagtap gets engaged to Vicky Soor
Mon 8 Sep, 2014 1:59 AM IST
What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Fri 5 Sep, 2014 9:16 AM IST
Deepika was so excited that she gave our photographer a series of funny moments. Arjun was not far behind and the event was a fashion night out. More » What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Today on Yahoo

With Roe & Roeper gone  radio turns off Ron MagersWith Roe & Roeper gone, radio turns off Ron Magers
posted on
Tweet
Ron Magers and Roe Conn
The sudden demise of Roe Conn and Richard Roeper’s afternoon show on WLS AM 890 last week also brought an end to Ron Magers’ daily in-studio appearances on the Cumulus Media news/talk station.
For more than 16 years, the Chicago television news legend was a star attraction with Conn and his various co-hosts, often providing the best half-hour of conversation in all of radio. But with the latest turn of events, Magers says he’s through with radio and plans to focus on his duties as 5 and 10 p.m. news anchor at top-rated ABC-owned WLS-Channel 7.
“I still love television news and hope to do it for a few more years,” said Magers, 70, who joined ABC 7 in 1998 after 16 years at NBC-owned WMAQ-Channel 5.
Steve Dahl
Starting November 3, broadcast icon and Radio Hall of Famer Steve Dahl will replace  Conn and Roeper from 2 to 6 p.m. Monday through Friday on WLS. While Dahl hinted that he would have liked Magers to continue as a contributor on his new show, the anchorman made it clear he’s not interested.
Magers shared a few other thoughts Tuesday about radio, television and his future:
Q. Ron, you were a daily fixture on Roe Conn’s show for more than 16 years — and often the highlight of the four hours. Are you sorry to see it end?
A. If I was ever the highlight it was because Roe and Roeper know how to be hosts who get the most from their guests. They were always unselfish in their efforts to put the best product on the air.
I love TV work, but radio kept me engaged with the flow of news and with the audience in a different and very fun way.  As I perused the newspapers and Internet every morning it was with the idea of not only what will we be doing on the TV side but also what are the talking points that might spark an interesting discussion with Roe and Roeper. Both of them are very bright, and the back and forth with them was the real highlight of my day.
Q. How did WLS Radio notify you that it was over?
A. Roe and Roeper knew it had been coming for some time.  If you are less than six months to the expiration of your contract, and your boss hasn’t expressed an interest in renewal, it’s probably not going to happen. So far, I’ve received one phone call from radio management saying Roe and Roeper were done and they wouldn’t need me on the air.  My deal had always been I worked only when at least one of them was hosting.  I asked how they’d like to handle the termination and I’m awaiting the answer.
Q. Is it true Steve Dahl asked you to stay on?
A. Some time ago I exchanged text messages with Steve because I’d heard rumors he was talking to WLS . . . so I asked. He said something like: “If that were true, hypothetically, who gets custody of Ron Magers?” I told him I’d been thinking about cutting back on my schedule and dropping radio and now might be a good time.
Steve and Roe and I have known each other a long while, and I’m disappointed that somewhere in the process Steve didn’t call Roe and tell him that his bosses were shopping his job and Steve was talking to them. I know that might have been a difficult call for Steve to make, but it would have been a classy move and I think, based on their long relationship, that Steve owed that to Roe.
Q. Are you done with radio or could you turn up elsewhere?
A. At this stage of my career I’m looking to take things off my plate, not get second helpings. I still love television news and hope to do it for a few more years.
Q. Now that you have a little extra time each day, any new projects in the works?
A. I’m still involved in thoroughbred breeding and racing and that business has grown in recent years. It demands more of my time and attention and will get it.
PREVIOUS POST

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 launched at Rs 58 300Home
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 launched at Rs 58,300
Samsung today launched the eagerly-anticipated Galaxy Note 4 in India. The phablet will cost Rs 58,300 and will be available in stores from October 17. Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 retains the 5.7-inch screen of last year's model, but adds a speedier processor, a better screen, better cameras and software to fit more people into selfies.

Police and protesters in violent clashes in Hong KongPolice and protesters in violent clashes in Hong Kong
LIVE: Polling begins in Maharashtra  Haryana73%
Women voters interacting with poll officials at Gurgaon. Photo: Shivkumar Pushpakar
In Haryana. three major parties — the Congress, the BJP and the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) — seem to be locked in a neck-and-neck race.
Maharashtra registered an over 40 per cent voter turnout while over 50 per cent voting was held in Haryana, which witnessed stray incidents of violence, in the first eight hours of polling on Wednesday in the riveting contest to elect assemblies in the two states.
3:23 pm Mumbai votes only 28.36% till 1pm.
3:21 pm Mumbai twitteratti vent out their anger over low turnout in Mumbai.
Mumbaikars tweet their anguish over the low voter turnout for the #MaharashtraElections #Mumbai #GetInked pic.twitter.com/s60cqGKmZo
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
3:14 pm
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
3:13 pm
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
3: 10 pm Despite a disappointing turnout in Mumbai, voters battled the blistering October heat to exercise their franchise in large numbers in Pune district and other parts of Western Maharashtra.
At 69.27 lakh voters, the district has the highest number of voters in the State who will decide the fate of 308 candidates in 21 Assembly segments.
2:47 pm: Kolhapur, Sangli and Satara in the State’s sugar belt records poll per cent figures of 32, 38 and 34 respectively.
2 pm: Maharashtra Congress' key candidate Patangrao Kadam's constituency Palus records highest voter turnout of 49.54% till 1pm.
1:44 pm:
Untimely rains may affect voting % in #Vidarbha . Very few districts record double digit voting % till afternoon, reports @pavan2388
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
1:32 pm:
— sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) October 15, 2014
1:28 pm: Congress will win despite anti-incumbency, says former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan. Read here
1:15 pm:
— Alok Deshpande (@alokdesh) October 15, 2014
12:43 pm: Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray expresses confidence that Sena will form government in Maharashtra.
"I am confident that Mumbai, Maharashtra will vote for those who have always been with the people in their moments of joy and sorrow," he says after voting with wife and son Aditya Thackeray.
12:36 pm:
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
12:13 pm:
Voters outside a polling station at Haryana. Shiv Kumar Pushpakar
12:11 pm: "Don't treat this as a public holiday. You can't complain against the government if you don't vote," says actor Kirron Kher.
12:05 pm:
— Alok Deshpande (@alokdesh) October 15, 2014
11:46 am: Polling in three segments in Gadchiroli under heavy security cover, amid a boycott call by Maoists. Read here
11:41 am: Polling percentage in Haryana elections: Badshahpur 10.3 % in , Gurgaon 11.8% , Pataudi 11.4% and Sohna 9.3%
11:39 am:
Maharashtra will vote for national parties, and not for small, regional parties: Former CM Prithviraj Chavan @vinivdvc #MaharashtraElections
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
Despite achievements, #Congress failed to aggressively project itself in Maharashtra, says @milinddeora #MaharashtraElections @vinivdvc
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
11:35 am: Shiv Sena takes out advertisements on poll day.
“Ravana was not killed by hand (Congress symbol), a clock (NCP) or a flower (implying BJP’s Lotus). He was taken down by a bow and arrow.” Read here.
Sachin Tendulkar and his wife Anjali display their inked fingers after casting votes in Mumbai.
11:33 am: Pankaja Munde, BJP leader and daughter of deceased leader Gopinath Munde, says the party tried its best to save alliance with the BJP. She expresses confidence that BJP will win complete majority in Maharashtra.
Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan says people will vote for a national party in the State, and will not prefer smaller, regional parties.
11 am: Union Minister Nitin Gadkari tells Shiv Sena that Narendra Modi is the youths' icon, leader of the nation, and that BJP won't tolerate his insult. "We have respected all parties. If someone does not respect us, they should at least not insult us."
10:54 am: The estimated polling percentage in some districts in Maharashtra: Aurangabad 10%, Beed 9%, Solapur 8%, Kolhapur 10%, Hingoli 8.5%, Osmanabad 9%, Nashik 7%, and Parbhani 7.5%
10:49 am:
— PAVAN DAHAT (@pavan2388) October 15, 2014
10:43 am: I&B Minister Prakash Javadekar says it is time for change in Maharashtra. "If Lok Sabha was Dhoom, this is Dhoom 2," he says.
10:37 am: If a tea-seller can become the Prime Minister, then why can't a Thackeray become the Chief Minister if the people of the State decide?" asks Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray. Read here
10:28 am:
— Alok Deshpande (@alokdesh) October 15, 2014
10:19am: Voters queuing at Sangharsh Nagar in Powai, Mumbai.
10:08 am: Watch a live webcast of pollling from Naxal-impacted Gadchiroli district here .
9:58 am: Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan casts his vote in Karad.
9:49 am: Lightning strikes at a polling booth in Vidarbha's Savner constituency. One dead and 6 injured, confirms our reporter Alok Deshpande.
9:47 am: Home Minister Rajnath Singh tweeted:
Urging the voters of Maharashtra & Haryana to go out and vote in large numbers. In democracy the votes bring change, so vote for change.
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) October 15, 2014
9:44 am:
EVM breaks down in Mumbai's Sewri,rains in Vidarbha, no electricity in polling booth Shivtirthnagar in Pune @the_hindu @Mumbai_Connect
— Alok Deshpande (@alokdesh) October 15, 2014
8:55 am: A day before the elections, BJP state president Devendra G. Fadnavis was supremely confident, said his party is all set to capture power in the state for the first time. Read here
8:50 am: Baramati MP Supriya Sule casts her vote. Ms. Sule is the daughter of NCP party chief Sharad Pawar.

Kumar Birla to bid for units offloaded by Lafarge  HolcimKumar Birla to bid for units offloaded by Lafarge  Holcim
Comfort from commoditiesComfort from commodities
U.S. Ebola fears fuel new demand for protective gearU.S. Ebola fears fuel new demand for protective gear
India committed to stable tax regime  says PranabIndia committed to stable tax regime  says Pranab
Volatility indices gain  $1.8 tn of m-cap wi...equities
(Volatility indices in other…)
The volatility indices of developed markets, a key gauge to measure risk among investors, are finally coming out of their complacency after remaining in hibernation for almost a year. The CBOE VIX index, widely known as the fear index, has advanced as much as 47% since the beginning of October, and is now trading at the level of 24.8, the highest since July 2012. It derives its value from the prices paid for options on the S&P 500 index.
Volatility indices in other markets such as Germany, Britain and Hong Kong have scaled up by as much as 30-40% during the past one month. Volatility indices are gaining as investors are pricing in the direction of the US Federal Reserve policy amid weakening global growth.
For investors, the direction of VIX matters as these fear indicators move in the opposite direction to that of the benchmark equity market index. As volatility indices are surging across the world, global equities markets are beginning to feel the heat, and nearly $1.8 trillion - equivalent to India's GDP - has been wiped out in the last five days.
Indian equity market and its volatility indicator, or India VIX, has been remarkably stable in the face of the global rout. In the past five days, when the US markets witnessed its biggest 3-day loss seen since 2012, and most of the developed markets slipped below their 200-day moving average, Indian markets recorded a marginally positive return of 0.13%.
India VIX gained a mere 11.5% since the beginning of October. Analysts believe India VIX is showing lower reading as it has under-priced the risk from the lesser number of trading holidays on account of Diwali. The number of days left for expiry of an option is one of the key constituents to determine the fair value of the option.
Investors can gauge the amount of risk creeping into the markets on the basis of India VIX and accordingly fine-tune their respective portfolios. Historically, India VIX has had a negative correlation of 0.8 with the Nifty , which means if one of these variables is going to increase, then there's a fair chance of the other variable to go down.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Voting for Maharashtra  Haryana Assembly elections underwayVoting for Maharashtra  Haryana Assembly elections underway
Haryana Polls: Voting beginsHaryana Polls: Voting begins
Sebi order leaves DLF with few funding optionsSebi order leaves DLF with few funding options
Asian stocks on edge on lingering growth anxietyAsian stocks on edge on lingering growth anxiety
Facebook  Apple pay to freeze workers  eggsFacebook, Apple pay to freeze employees' eggs
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney October 14, 2014: 4:50 PM ET
 
Facebook, Apple: We will pay to freeze your eggs
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Facebook and Apple are telling their female employees: We will pay to freeze your eggs.
Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) is already covering the procedure as part of its insurance benefits, the company said. Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) plans to offer coverage starting in January, according to report by NBC News .
The relatively new practice of freezing eggs allows women to put their fertility on hold so they can still have children later in life.
It's an unusual "perk" and the technology giants appear to be the first major employers to offer such coverage for non-medical reasons.
Egg freezing allows women to focus on advancing their careers during peak childbearing years without sacrificing their fertility.
But some critics argue that companies are encouraging women to put work ahead of motherhood.
Related: Microsoft CEO to women: Not asking for a raise is 'good karma'
The cost of freezing eggs typically adds up to at least $10,000 for each round of treatment, plus $500 or more annually for storage, according to NBC News. Doctors often recommend women freeze at least 20 eggs, which can require two rounds of the procedure.
Facebook, which introduced the benefit in January, covers all eligible fertility treatments up to a maximum of $20,000.
While using frozen eggs does not always result in pregnancy, success rates have been improving.
NBC says fertility doctors have reported a "surge" in demand for egg freezing since the American Society of Reproductive Medicine lifted the "experimental" label from the procedure in 2012.
"Over last several years its become very popular," said Dr. Elizabeth Fino, a professor at the NYU Langone Fertility Center. She said about a third of the patients at her clinic are doing "fertility preservation."
While the success rate varies greatly with age, Fino said the probability of a batch of frozen eggs, or a cycle, resulting in a pregnancy is 40 to 50% for women under 35.
Fertility experts don't advocate delaying pregnancy unnecessarily, but Fino said many women are now postponing pregnancy for career reasons or because they haven't found a partner, and egg freezing is a safe and effective way for them to still have children.
Related: 5 questions on egg freezing
Fertility doctors say the best time for a woman to freeze her eggs is when she is in her 20s and 30s. Younger eggs have a better chance of withstanding the freezing process and increase the chances of creating a baby.
Egg freezing is seen as an elective procedure and is not covered by most insurance policies. However, it has long been covered for women who undergo some sort of medical procedure that causes them to become infertile, such as some forms of chemotherapy.
Related: Apple: mostly men, mostly white
The new benefit comes as many big technology firms have been taking steps to increase diversity among the male-dominated ranks of Silicon Valley.
Apple released statistics last month showing that 70% of the company's 98,000 worldwide employees are male. The figure jumps to 72% for leadership roles and 80% for technical positions.
Facebook's chief operating officer, Sheryl Sandberg , is a leading voice exhorting women to take a leading role in the workforce. But the company's diversity statistics are a reflection of the rest of Silicon Valley. Nearly 70% of Facebook's global staffers are male. A full 85% of the company's tech workers, and 77% of its management team, are also men.
Apple did not immediately responded to requests for confirmation.
First Published: October 14, 2014: 11:13 AM ET
Most Popular

Offline grapples with online creepRetailers stumble as traffic heads to e-commerce sites
BS Reporters | Mumbai / New Delhi / Bangalore / Chennai / Kolkata Oct 15, 2014 12:50 AM IST
 
Just days after the October 6 ‘Big Billion Day’ sale hosted by e-commerce company Flipkart , followed by American biggie Amazon’s week-long dhamaka up to this Thursday, the online buzz is getting louder even across physical stores and malls ahead of Diwali, the peak spending season in India.
Business Standard reporters checked prominent shopping destinations in Delhi and the National Capital Region, Mumbai, Kolkata, Bangalore and Chennai to assess shoppers’ mood and how physical retail was responding to the deep discounts offered by their online rivals.
There are still some days for Diwali and e-commerce is only 2-3% of the country's total retail scene. However, the online disruption is out in the open, as this multi-city check showed. Brick and mortar outlets on high streets and inside malls are trying to hold on to the business that has been theirs alone for years, through lower prices and deals. But, most admit, offline discounts can hardly ever match what’s on offer online, against which the trade is already up in arms. Physical retailers are blaming online players for getting “more enquiry and less sales” at their stores. A ‘special offer inside’ sign prominently displayed at a show and apparel showroom in an East Delhi mall didn’t help much last weekend, for instance. “Sales have dipped by 20-30 per cent and footfalls by five to seven per cent compared to the same period last year,” says the store manager, Suman Kumar. A flat 25 per cent off was on offer.
PRICE WAR
E-commerce is about 2-3% of the total retail scene in the country
Wary of tough competition, brick and mortar stores are trying to hold on to their business through lower prices and deals
However, most admit, offline discounts can hardly ever match what’s on offer online
At an electronics store in the heart of the city, Connaught Place, usually over-crowded, sales were down. “Earlier, the footfall to conversion ratio was 25-30 per cent. It has dropped to 15-18 per cent. As things stand, we are staring at a dip in sales in the region of 10 per cent during the festive season,” said an executive.
On the outskirts of Mumbai, a large mall in Thane looked rather dull last Sunday, given that it is normally chock-a-block with shoppers during the pre-Diwali weekends. “The number of shoppers is indeed less. But our loyal customers are still shopping from the store, as many like our after-sales service, and guidance,” said an executive at an electronics chain. The reason is clear. The store sells a particular brand of a Nokia phone at Rs 15,000, double the price on Amazon during the Diwali offer.
At another prominent mall in Mumbai, store managers are optimistic. “We will get back our customers. We always give better deals,” he says.
Harkirat Singh, managing director of footwear brand Woodland, says they're seeing a 10-12 per per cent growth in sales in the run-up to Diwali, as against an expectation of 25 per cent. “E-commerce firms are giving huge discounts and shoppers come to stores asking for such discounts. We cannot give these due to our cost structures,” he said. Woodland has, however, started offering separate lines for e-commerce portals and offline stores, to attract shoppers on both platforms. “We have to live with online discounts. We have to see how we can minimise the impact with different lines,” Singh added.
Perhaps responding to the series of online sales, stores in Bangalore unleashed Diwali discounts and deals ahead of time. Shopping centres such as at Jayanagar, JP Nagar, Indira Nagar, MG Road, Brigade Road, Commercial Street and Majestic offered discounts of 10-50 per cent on readymade garments, footwear, consumer durables, electronics and household articles. Mantri Mall, Orion Mall, Garuda Mall, Forum Mall, Gopalan Mall and Bangalore Central, among other leading ones, were decked for Diwali, with food festivals and shopping carnivals.
A leading consumer durables and electronics retail outlet in Bangalore has launched its annual Diwali Mega Festival Sale with gifts and prizes worth Rs 11 crore. It is distributing 25 cars free for lucky-dip winners. In all, the shop is offering 55,555 prizes over one and a half months. A store manager said, “Customers would like to touch and feel the products, which is possible only in physical shops and we offer that experience.”
Besides, there are other schemes—for example, popular apparel brands are offering freebies on purchase of goods worth Rs  4,000, Rs 7,999, etc. A mobile phone retailer was offering 100 per cent cash back on purchase of select smartphones, while some others gave away gold coins, watches and trolley bags on shopping of select goods.
In Kolkata, retailers are feeling the online heat, particularly in the electronic goods segment. Sales of electronic goods during the festive season has been down 35-40 per cent in the city, according to Sushil Poddar, vice-president, Confederation of West Bengal Trade Association. “People come to retail shops only to see the product and note specifications. We are taking up the issue with the government, as e-commerce sites are adversely affecting the sales,” he said.
Across other categories as well, discounts and promotional offers seem to have emerged as a key to compete with online sales. According to a spokesperson of Big Bazaar in Kolkata, the company’s festive season sales began as early as the end of August. “Till date, during the festive season, sales in the fashion segment saw an 11 per cent increase over last year’s festive sales. In the food segment, the sales grew 15 per cent, while overall growth in the eastern region was 12 per cent this festive season over last year.’’
Offline retailers have been hurt but it is difficult to put a number to the business loss due to online discounts. Yet, Kishore Biyani, chief executive of Future Group, has said: “E-commerce has captured the mind share of customers, (though) not the market share…Who will not buy a product if you offer a 50 per cent discount?”
Adding: “You cannot undercut prices and kill local trade.” Even so, his Future Group has announced a tie-up to sell its private labels on Amazon.
In Chennai, the Diwali enthusiasm has been dampened more by the political uncertainty (the state chief minister was convicted recently of making illegal money), rather than the rise of e-commerce, analysts said. At T Nagar, shopping hub of Chennai, the sentiment is low. The hope is that the mood will pick up closer to Diwali, when enquiries and footfalls are likely to convert into purchases.
The e-commerce sites have had no major impact on apparel retailers in Chennai so far, said G Venugopal, heading the Naidu Hall Family Store, a known apparel brand in the city. However, electronics is one segment that seems to have been hit all across the country due to the online discounts. To beat this impact, a consumer electronics chain in the city has came out with a Diwali offer for a week, with a scheme in which one could pay Rs 1 and take favourite products home.
Speaking of sales across the country, Alok Dubey, chief executive officer (CEO), Arvind Lifestyle Brands, which retails brands such as US Polo and Arrow, said footfalls had reduced and Diwali sales could be impacted. “We will withdraw our brands from e-commerce portals if they continue to discount these,” he said.
Himanshu Chakrawarti, CEO of Essar-owned The MobileStore, said: “The massive uplift which is normally there during Diwali season is not that sharp this time.” The impact of online sales will be sharper, going ahead, he said. “We need to make ourselves sharper.” That explains the company's adline -- "We beat online like no one else can."
That said, the next quarterly numbers for retail companies are expected to be robust and they are likely to post revenue growth of 15-33% in the quarter, said analysts. Titan is expected to gain due to closure of gold deposit schemes, as most of the redemption money will be used to buy jewellery. Both Shoppers Stop and Future Retail are likely to post double-digit same-store sales growth (SSSG) in the quarter.
"We expect Future Retail to witness SSSG of 12 per cent and Shoppers Stop to report SSSG of 16% and eight per cent in the departmental and HyperCity segment, respectively," says Bharat Chhoda of ICICI Securities. End-season sales and an improved demand environment at the onset of the festive season are key reasons.
(Reporting by Raghavendra Kamath & Sheetal Agarwal from Mumbai, Mahesh Kulkarni from Bangalore, Mayank Mishra from New Delhi, Namrata Acharya from Kolkata and Gireesh Babu in Chennai)

Oscar Pistorius offered cash after killing Reeva Steenkamp: Prosecutorprint
Oscar Pistorius offered $34,000 to the family of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp after he killed her, but the family rejected the funds because they did not want "blood money," a prosecutor said on Tuesday at the sentencing hearing for the double-amputee athlete.
related stories
Oscar Pistorius sentenced to 5 years for killing girlfriend
Chief prosecutor Gerrie Nel also referred to separate payments of $550 that the Pistorius camp apparently made on a monthly basis to Steenkamp's family, but said those would be paid back in full. The revelations emerged while Nel was cross-examining a social worker who testified that Pistorius should be placed under house arrest, rather than sent to prison, after his conviction for culpable homicide, or negligent killing.
Social worker Annette Vergeer, one of four witnesses called by the defence, said South African jails are violent and overcrowded and that the athlete would be under particular duress because of his disability and fragile mental state resulting from the night when he fired four times through a toilet door in his home, killing Steenkamp. Pistorius testified he mistook her for an intruder about to attack him and denied prosecution assertions that he shot her during an argument.
Additionally, Vergeer said, Pistorius - who in 2012 was the first amputee athlete to run at the Olympics - has the potential to be a productive member of society again. A sentence of house arrest that includes periods of work at a school for disabled children would be more appropriate, she said.
Prison "will not assist him but will break him as a person," she said. "The exposure of the accused on his stumps to inmates will have a severe effect on him."
Prosecutor Nel challenged Vergeer, saying her knowledge of the South African prison system was limited and out of date. He asked why she didn't mention in her report on Pistorius that she knew the family of the woman he killed turned down a money offer. Nel also suggested the offer indicated Pistorius, who lost lucrative international sponsorships after he killed Steenkamp, had significant funds at his disposal even though his defense team has said his resources had dwindled.
Judge Thokozile Masipa found Pistorius not guilty of murder for shooting Steenkamp, concluding he acted hastily and with excessive force, but didn't intend to kill Steenkamp. The judge has wide latitude when deciding on a sentence. Pistorius, 27, could receive a fine and a suspended jail term or as many as 15 years in prison for the negligent killing.
Vergeer and another social worker called to testify by defence lawyers recommended that Pistorius be given a three-year correctional supervision sentence, which would place him under house arrest for periods and require him to do community service. Prosecutors insist that would be inappropriate and say Pistorius should be sent to prison, citing the level of negligence he showed on the night of the killing when he grabbed his 9 mm pistol and fired four times through the door without checking who was behind it.
Chief prosecutor Nel said the hollow-point bullets Pistorius used in the pre-dawn hours of February 14, 2013 did "terrible" damage to Steenkamp, who was hit in the head, arm and hip. Pistorius' lawyers have cited his emotional and financial suffering after the killing, and his disability, as reasons why he shouldn't be sent to prison.
Family members of Pistorius and Steenkamp attended the second day of the trial's sentencing hearing, which is expected to last around a week. Pistorius mostly sat looking down during Tuesday's testimony.
Pistorius' agent, Peet van Zyl, testified about what he called Pistorius' extensive charity work before the shooting and said Pistorius had now lost all his product endorsements because of the killing.
Cross-examining van Zyl, Nel said, "You view Mr. Pistorius as a poor victim of this case." Van Zyl denied that.
Nel questioned Pistorius' motives for getting involved in charity work, saying it was a smart career move for athletes to lend their names to good causes to boost their image.
"They market themselves by being involved in charity," Nel said.
Van Zyl said it could be perceived that way, but added: "I think that a lot of sportsmen really want to make a difference and to contribute."

Downey Jr. may be  Captain America s  heroDowney Jr. may be 'Captain America's' hero
By Frank Pallotta   @frankpallotta October 14, 2014: 3:29 PM ET
Robert Downey Jr. will reportedly once again suit up as Iron Man for "Captain America 3."
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
If it turns out to be true that Robert Downey Jr. isn't done with Tony Stark, it could mean big business for Marvel.
Robert Downey Jr. is in negotiations to once again suit up as Iron Man in "Captain America 3," a role that will reportedly pay the actor $40 million and an unspecified cut of the film, according to Variety on Monday.
Hollywood's $75 million dollar man has been very coy about taking on the role again and nothing is yet confirmed by Marvel or Downey's people. However, the potential of an Iron Man, Captain America crossover could mean big money for Marvel.
"You always think, 'oh a billion dollars worldwide that's a really tough number to reach,' but Marvel makes it look easy," said Paul Dergarabedian, a box office analyst for Rentrak. "So that's not inconceivable particularity with these two brands coming together."
For Marvel to want to bring Downey on in "Captain America 3" seems like a no-brainer. His three "Iron Man" films have pulled in $2.4 billion worldwide.
"Injecting the name Robert Downey Jr. into any superhero movie means automatic dollars at the box office," Dergarabedian added. "The actor defined who Iron Man was and is."
 
Celebs can earn $1M a day for voice work
"Captain America 3," a collaboration between Marvel and Disney is slated for a May 6, 2016 release. "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice," a collaboration between DC Comics and Warner Bros. was also slated to be released that day.
The day was going to be epic, for comic book movie fans. However, DC and Warner Bros. changed their minds moving their film to March 25, 2016 leaving the opening weekend of the 2016 summer blockbuster season to Marvel.
"I think Warners' decision to move their movie was a good one," Dergarabedian said. "You don't have to be right smack dab on the same date... You can create your own box office corridor anytime of the year."
Marvel did not return calls for comment regarding this story.

Delhi: Missing schoolboy found dead  friends heldComments
An 18-year-old student of a private school in Rohini was allegedly kidnapped and later murdered in Haryana’s Murthal village by his three friends, including a juvenile, police said Tuesday.
The accused first strangled the victim and then pumped three bullets into the body before setting it on fire, said the police.
Police have arrested the victim’s two friends, Varun Jindal and Parth, while the juvenile has been apprehended. The teen had been missing since October 11 and a missing complaint was filed at Rohini North police station the same night by his family.
Senior police officers said they were questioning the accused to ascertain the motive behind the gruesome crime. Police sources said investigators suspected a love angle.
A police officer said the crime was detected after they were informed by their counterparts in Haryana about a semi-charred body that was discovered in a field near an amusement park on GT Karnal Road.
“The physical description of the deceased matched with that of the youth who went missing from Rohini on October 11. The victim’s family was sent to Murthal where they identified the body,” said the officer.
The juvenile was nabbed first after the victim’s mother told them that her son had left with him in the morning. The juvenile, in turn, gave up the names of the other two accused.
The arrested youth told the police they first partied at a restaurant in Rohini Sector 18 till late in the night and later left for Murthal, on two scooties, to eat paranthas. “On the way, the three strangled the victim and pumped three bullets in his body. To hide his identity, they poured petrol on the body and set it on fire,” added the officer.

What are the implications of SEBI ban on DLFSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI | DELHI: In the roughand-tumble world of real estate, where big money, political clout and sharp practices often come together, rarely does a property brand enjoy the limelight for more than a decade.
In Mumbai, the country's hottest realty market , Rahejas and Hiranandanis who ruled the city ten years ago have been overtaken by Lodhas and Oberois, while in Delhi developers like Ansals who occupied the top slot in the '90s had to give way to Unitech and DLF. This story is now taking another turn.
After Monday's regulatory onslaught, one may wonder whether DLF, the country's largest builder which had pulled off a stunning initial public offer and accumulated a huge land bank, can ever regain its prowess, whether crushing debt, crippling fund-raising restrictions and hostile politics will force it to shrink and make way for new moneybags.
BEST-LAID PLANS
The Sebi order couldn't have come at a worse time for DLF. The company will not only miss out on opportunities to place shares in a bull market to lower debt or float debentures when interest rates are beginning to soften, the regulatory directive could derail a restructuring plan that was in the works. In all likelihood, DLF would be forced to postpone a plan to list its rental assets as a real estate investment trust (REIT). As a precursor to REIT, the company had planned to acquire 40 per cent economic interest of promoters KP Singh and his family in its rental business, DLF Assets, through a share-swap deal, a transaction that would have taken the promoters' stake to over 75 per cent and require DLF to do a share placement to institutional investors.
DLF has over 26 million sq ft of rental assets that generate a rental income of over Rs 2,000 crore. According to estimates, if the company lists all its rental assets as REITS, it would raise over Rs 15,000 crore. All this will not happen in a hurry. DLF currently has six new projects in Gurgaon, one in Bhubaneswar and about 18 are in an advanced stage of construction. Like many property buyers who may now think twice before buying a DLF project, analysts are also sceptical. The order, said analyst Abhishek Saraf in a Deutsche Bank report, "will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs". Additionally, it may change the contours of the capital restructuring arising from imminent maturity of Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares in one of DLF's subsidiaries. According to an Edelweiss report, by Aashiesh Agarwaal and Akshay Rao, the order may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers into DLF. ET's email query to DLF remained unanswered till the time of going to the press.
BALANCE SHEET CAN BE DECEPTIVE
To the casual eye, DLF's balance sheet looks optimum if not robust for the kind of business it does. For instance, while it had a long-term debt and liability of close to Rs 19,000 crore at the end of June 2014 quarter, the corresponding equity position was Rs 29,263 crore. Moreover, the total equity has risen from Rs 26,332 crore in FY11, reflecting retained profit. Borrowings, on the other hand, have fallen from Rs 20,781 crore three years ago. This means an improved debt-equity ratio of 0.6 at the end of the June 2014 quarter from 0.8 at the end of March 2011. What misses the general gaze is the fact that capital-intensive businesses such as realty need a continuous cash flow to pay interest on debt and keep the debt-equity ratio in check. And, this could prove to be the Achilles Heel for the nation's largest publicly listed realty player .
Page 1 of 2

Microsoft to harness Indian mkt with dedicat...Aditya Birla
(Last year, Microsoft launched…)
BANGALORE: Microsoft is the latest to join ranks of big brands launching their e-commerce stores in India. The company could launch the site as early as November, said a person who is working on the project. Microsoft operates an international online store that ships to multiple countries. The site sells all Microsoft products from software like its Office suite to its Xbox in markets like the US. However, in India, it just offers its software downloads through the global site.
This will change once the India-focused site opens up. "They wanted to launch microsoftstore. in before Diwali but that is not going to happen. It will open up towards the end of November and will offer all the products of the company," said a person, who has knowledge of the plans. Last year, Microsoft launched an online flagship store on Chinese marketplace TMall. The company did not deny or confirm the development.
'We do not have anything to share at this stage," a company spokesperson said. A number of traditional retailers have recently launched their own e-tailing ventures.
The over eight-decade-old textile and apparel company Arvind Ltd launched customclothing site Creyate in August. It is set to launch a multi-brand online store next year. The Aditya Birla Group is also set to launch ecommerce businesses.
"The online channel has become too big for Microsoft to ignore. They know there might be cannibalisation of offline channel but they are willing to take that risk," said one of the people who briefed ETon the matter. Online retail sales accounts for just 0.4 per cent of the overall retail market. However, it is expected to account for 3 per cent of the overall market and reach $32 billion ( Rs 1.96 lakh crore) in size by 2020, according to retail advisory firm Technopak .
Experts said India's massive market ensures that there is enough space for both traditional brick-and-mortar retail and ecommerce. "Even if customers do research on the company's ecommerce site and then buy the product elsewhere, it is still win-win for the brand," said Pinakiranjan Mishra , partner and national leader (retail and consumer products) at consulting services firm EY . He said an own e-store will help brands provide better information and price transparency.
"If a brand has its own site, it directly gets valuable customer data," said Mishra. "On another online portal the customer data does not belong to the brand." Microsoft earned revenue of $86.83 billion (Rs 5.3 lakh crore) last fiscal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dhaula Kuan gangrape: CCTV clip led cops to culpritsComments
A wad of Rs. 10 notes, ‘folded in a peculiar manner’ and stained with Mobil oil, was the turning point on which the Delhi Police cracked the sensational Dhaula Kuan gangrape case.
The money — 11 notes in all — were given to the 30-year-old victim by her five rapists as they dumped her on an isolated stretch of road on the night of November 24, 2010. They left her with the words “ye le auto ke paise, ghar chali jaiyyo (here’s money for an auto ride home)”, police officers associated with the probe recalled Tuesday.
Read: Survivor’s life back home far from easy
Little did they know, their ‘generosity’ would lead the police straight to them.
“The notes, folded horizontally down the middle, and the oil stains made us realise these must have changed hands either on an interstate transport bus or through truck drivers,” said one officer. The folds were also similar to how toll booth operators keep their change.
A top investigation team — comprising inspectors Rajinder Singh and Atul Sood among others — led by then DCP (south Delhi) HGS Dhaliwal was set up.
The second breakthrough came when the police got their hands on hazy images of a mid-sized goods carrier from a near-defunct CCTV camera mounted on a building in Mochi village, where the abduction took place.
Read: That night, nobody heard them scream
With the help of several sources, the police traced two of the accused, Shamshad and Kale, to Dhaujj village in Haryana’s Mewat region — notorious for its high crime rate and violent resistance to law enforcement. Taking no chances, a 300-strong police posse was dispatched to Dhaujj on the night of December 2, 2010, to arrest the two.
The police also found the Mahindra pick-up seen in the CCTV footage. Its left window had a sticker with the word ‘Muskan’ spelt in English — matching the victim’s statement to the police.
The remaining three accused were arrested within the next week.
Read: All 5 held guilty in Delhi's Dhaula Kuan rape case
“We were sure of conviction, given the water-tight investigation we had conducted and the courage of the complainant who participated in a test identification parade within days of the incident. But the verdict has been delayed for far too long,” said BK Gupta, the then police commissioner.
He added, “What makes this a little bittersweet is the fact that Delhi still doesn’t have the network of CCTV cameras I had got sanctioned from the home ministry before retiring in 2012.”

View: Why BJP  Sena have no sense of history | Voting begins in Maha  Haryana: Coverageadvisors
(At present, there is only…)
For many years, a variety of intolerant and self-serving politics has been on the ascendant in Maharashtra. At the moment the competition, it would seem, (I could be wrong since I am no political pundit) is between the Shiv Sena and the BJP.
Looking at recent events, I keep asking myself, why are we so blind in the choices we make and as a consequence what befalls us? Has the middle class ceased to think and introspect? Are we living in denial? Forget our earlier history, I can't but assume that we are unaware of even our recent past. We have an extraordinarily rich, progressive lineage which should have been our lode-star and moral compass.
Many great social reformers emerged out of Maharashtrian society. Gokhale, Agarkar, Phule, Ambedkar, Kosambi; women reformers like Pandita Ramabai, Irawati Karve, Lakshmibai Tilak; Maharshi Karve, Tilak and undoubtedly, Shivaji. Do people who invoke Shivaji's name understand what a visionary and liberal ruler he was? He didn't discriminate amongst Hindus, Muslims or Dalits.
They were all part of his army and some of them were his advisors. His taxation system is considered one of the most enlightened; it was non-exploitative, based on the concept of fairness and acknowledged farmers as the backbone of any economy and polity.
But we have turned our backs on all this. Sadly, we are complicit in encouraging political tendencies which threaten our own fundamental rights. Today, there is confusion in the minds of the Maharashtrian middle class. While it used to be strongly for the Sena, it also has had a longer familial link with the BJP because of its affinity with the Sangh Parivar.
So, earlier when the alliance existed, the choice was easy. Now, choosing whom to vote for presents a unique dilemma. And I am not even talking about the MNS here. Add to it, the public acceptability of Narendra Modi only appears to be growing.
Earlier, ordinary citizens used to wear Modi masks. But in this election, the BJP candidates are all masks. They have no persona of their own; all of them are mouthpieces and parrots for Modiji. They know that they can get elected only if they echo Modiji. Perhaps the Sena has not factored in at the moment that gravity can be defied and it's possible to fly only by hanging on to Modiji's silkkurta-tails.
At present, there is only one narrative operative in the country: development and money. But what do they mean by 'development'? We understand this vague word as the hope that India will overcome all its ills. But we don't wish to admit that uninhibited free-market development can be disastrously short-sighted. It has no place for the poor except to exploit them. Its only rationale is greed and it's obvious how it led to the world economy's collapse; and its role in climate change and fossil fuel scenario can spell the end of civilization as we know it.
 
In contrast, the national narrative framed by our founding fathers was different. Democracy, inclusiveness and a strong love for mother earth were its key features. Recently, I was speaking to young students about it. Some of them earnestly asked me, 'Why should we know about the national narrative? What's it to us? We feel Modi will do good work". I was unsure of how to respond to that, but even the rise of Modiji has been possible because of the institutionalization of democracy achieved by Gandhi, Nehru and others.
Nehru had a vision and a historical sense. These parties (BJP and Sena) and their supporters have no sense of history. When they talk of Hindutva, their ignorance about the diverse traditions and practices in Hinduism and its openness, among other things, becomes obvious. This is not to say that the Congress or NCP are any better.
The current Prime Minister could not have had better allies than them. After all, Modiji could not have won such a thumping victory without the colossal corruption and supine ineffectiveness of these clandestine friends.
FEATURED ARTICLES

WTO Overturns India s Ban on US PoultryWTO Overturns India s Ban on US Poultry
Mark Zuckerberg donates $25 mn to fight EbolaMark Zuckerberg donates $25 mn to fight Ebola
Polling begun in Maharashtra and Haryana for Assembly seatsPolling begun in Maharashtra and Haryana for Assembly seats
Indian markets closed on WednesdayIndian markets closed on Wednesday
Italy and China sign business deals worth $10 billionItaly and China sign business deals worth $10 billion
Hong Kong police shown in video of alleged beating to be removed from positions: governmentHong Kong police shown in video of alleged beating to be removed from positions: government
Six per cent rise in indirect tax collectionsSix per cent rise in indirect tax collections
Revealed: Bollywood s alleged live-in couples!Photo uploaded by Priyanka Sharma
on May 01, 2014 , 04:47 pm
14591 Views  |  7  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
If reports are to be believed then sources are saying that Rishi Kapoor seems not too happy with his sons girlfriend coming over frequently to their house and doesn't even like the paparazzi surrounding his house all the time. So the latest buzz is that allegedly, Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif are allegedly living together because Kat is looking after him post his injury while shooting.  Perhaps, now Rishi Kapoor will be happy with the new development. Image Source: http://www.indiayo.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Ranbir-and-katrina-kaif-Wants-to-Experience-Live-in-Relationship.jpg Procured via Google Search.
If reports are to be believed then sources are saying that Rishi Kapoor seems not too happy with his sons girlfriend coming over frequently to their house and doesn't even like the paparazzi surrounding his house all the time. So the latest buzz is that allegedly, Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif are allegedly living together because Kat is looking after him post his injury while shooting.  Perhaps, now Rishi Kapoor will be happy with the new development. Image Source: http://www.indiayo.com/wp-co

Shashi Tharoor s biggest SCANDALS revealed!Photo uploaded by Nina S
on Oct 14, 2014 , 10:14 am
4132 Views  |  3  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
The latest controversy Tharoor is embroiled is the fact that he has been asked to step down as Congress spokesman following comments he made in praise of Narendra Modi.
The latest controversy Tharoor is embroiled is the fact that he has been asked to step down as Congress spokesman following comments he made in praise of Narendra Modi.

Gautam Gambhir s never-seen-before photosPhoto uploaded by Shailendra Dhodi
on Oct 13, 2014 , 04:26 pm
1702 Views  |  3  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Gautam Gambhir entered into the Indian national team in the year 2003 for one day and in 2004 for the test matches. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images
Gautam Gambhir entered into the Indian national team in the year 2003 for one day and in 2004 for the test matches. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images

Three jet pilots found with expired line check certificatesAir India
(An internal check by Jet…)
NEW DELHI: Jet Airways' troubles with documentation of pilot records and licences doesn't seem to be ending. The airline has now found that some pilots have been flying without valid annual line check certificates.
An internal check by Jet Airways has discovered that three pilots' certificates had expired, prompting airline officials to raise the alarm. "This is not just a safety issue and the fear is that there may be many more such pilots flying with the airline," said a Jet Airways executive with knowledge of the matter.
Line check certification is a process by which a pilot's flying is monitored by a trainer sitting in the cockpit through a flight to ensure that all defined norms are followed in letter and spirit. During the flight, pilots are expected to use their best judgment, even under unusual circumstances, and have to convince the trainer of their abilities. A mistake by the pilot would warrant further training.
Failure to renew line check certificates of pilots could attract punishment as stringent as grounding of the airline, which experts say could be held responsible for the lapse. An e-mail sent to Jet Airways last Friday and a reminder sent on Monday did not elicit any response at the time of going to print. Jet Airways, controlled by founder and Chairman Naresh Goyal , has about 1,100 pilots. Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways owns a 24% stake in Jet.
"This is an airline's fault much more than the pilots'. In such cases, the airline could be grounded, according to the rules," said Mohan Ranganathan, a former member of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation's safety committee.
Of the three pilots with expired annual line check certificates, two had done their line check flights with pilots who were not trainers. The validity of the third pilot's certificate had been wrongly entered, violating line check norms.
"It cannot be termed a mistake if such problems are recurring. It is a lapse on the part of the operational management team of the airline. All the details of training and check of pilots are computerised and it is highly unlikely that someone can miss it. So, either it was fed into the computers incorrectly or it was overlooked," said Shakti Lumba, a former vice-president with Air India and IndiGo.
During a recent training audit on Jet Airways, the DGCA found 131 pilots flying with lapsed proficiency check certificates, which are to be renewed twice a year. The audit was ordered after a Jet Airways Boeing 777-300 ER (Extended Range) operating between Mumbai and Brussels plunged 5,000 feet from an altitude of 34,000 feet.
The audit report had said the airline faces a severe shortage of trainers across its ATR and Boeing fleets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IndiGo  GoAir to fly more in winterAs others cut back, IndiGo, GoAir to operate more flights this winter
Sharmistha Mukherjee | New Delhi Oct 15, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Budget airlines IndiGo and GoAir will go against the grain and fly more this winter. Air India, Jet Airways and SpiceJet will cut flights.
Departures per week this winter will, however, climb 3.5 per cent to 12,305 from 11,886 in 2013. Apart from IndiGo and GoAir, new airlines Air Costa, AirAsia and the yet to be launched Vistara will be adding to winter flights. Competition from the new airlines is expected to keep fares in check during the season despite a moderate rise in departures. IndiGo, the country's largest budget airline, will increase flights by 25 per cent to 3,733 a week, up from 2,987 last winter. The airline is leasing two jetliners every month from Singapore's Tiger Air between October and March to add to its fleet of 83 Airbus A320s. GoAir will increase weekly departures this winter by 12.6 per cent to 957.
GoAir and IndiGo are the only two airlines making profits in the Indian aviation industry.
A reason for flight cutbacks by other airlines is the aviation regulator's decision to ban smaller aircraft at the Delhi airport during fog. The airport will be off limits for turboprops not compliant with CAT-IIIB like SpiceJet's Bombardier Q400s, Jet Airways' ATRs and Air India's CRJs.
SpiceJet will have to cut its winter schedule the most, by 16.2 per cent to 2,277 departures a week. SpiceJet has 15 Bombadier Q400s in its fleet. Air India's regional arm, Alliance Air, will slash 13.9 per cent of its flights to 210 this winter. Alliance Air recently announced flights from Delhi to Pantnagar and had plans to connect Delhi to Gorakhpur and Rajkot in January. These will have to be reworked as Alliance Air has only ATRs and CRJs in its fleet.
The directorate general of civil aviation on Monday approved the winter schedule, which will be effective by the end of October.

Enforcement Directorate issues notice to FlipkartPrint
India's Enforcement Directorate (ED) has issued a show-cause notice to Flipkart, probing the e-tailing giant over its recent billion day sale.
According to media reports , the ED is likely to impose a penalty of Rs 1,000 crore on the online shopping website.
Flipkart's mega sale, seen as an equivalent to the Black Friday sale in the USA promised huge discounts and exciting deals to eager buyers.
However, it also r aised concerns among small and big traders that such campaigns would badly affect players in the traditional retail market.
The e-commerce major claimed to have got a billion hits for its special sales offer.
"We got a billion hits on our site today (Monday) and achieved our 24-hour sales target of $100 million (Rs.615 crore) in gross merchandise volume (GMV) in just 10 hours," the Bangalore-based e-commerce major said in a statement last week.
The event had other critics as well , with several buyers feeling cheated on the discount prices and system outages.
India's largest e-retailer was prompt to apologise , promising a better experience the next time round.
 "We have learnt some valuable lessons from this (failure) and have started working doubly hard to address the issues that cropped during the sale," the company's co-founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal said.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

The latest perk in Silicon Valley Egg-freezingReddit
Corporate perks are tricky. One employee’s free healthy meal at Google’s canteen is another’s misery – yet another reason never to leave the office.
And so what to make of Facebook’s and Apple’s offer to employees that they will cover the cost of freezing their eggs?
On the one hand, it is an incentive to attract female talent at a time when Silicon Valley is keen to shed its frat-pack image. Notwithstanding comments from Satya Nadella, the Microsoft chief executive, last week – and subsequent retraction – that women should trust in karma rather than ask for a pay-rise.
But could it also be seen as a ruse to get women to work through their child-bearing years and delay motherhood? Such perks can set the tone of a company culture, after all. Once a free taxi is on offer for all those who work past 10pm, it can swiftly become the norm to stay chained to the desk until that time.
The technology is also uncertain at this point. As Atlantic points out:
“Egg-freezing is, at this point, more about assurance than insurance. It is marketed largely under the auspices of ‘peace of mind’, a way of reassuring women that, regardless of their age, they still have time to conceive.”
Apple said that it:
“cares deeply about our employees and their families, and we are always looking at new ways our health programs can meet their needs. We continue to expand our benefits for women, with a new extended maternity leave policy, along with cyropreservation and egg storage as part of our extensive support for infertility treatments.”
 
It added:
“We also offer an Adoption Assistance program, where Apple reimburses eligible expenses associated with the legal adoption of a child. We want to empower women at Apple to do the best work of their lives as they care for loved ones and raise their families.”
Might other employers follow suit?
 

Modi govt s first big-bang labour reform to dismantale inspector rajCommissioner Directorate General
(Under the programme, the…)
NEW DELHI: The NDA government is set to unveil its first big-bang labour reform by partially dismantling the factory inspector raj, perceived by industry to be arbitrary and corrupt. Under the proposed reforms, labour inspectors will lose their power to decide which unit to visit and the number of forms related to compliance with labour laws that employers have to file will drop from 16 to 1.
However, cutting down on the inspector raj will be twinned with pro-worker measures, such as making it easier for employees to access provident fund accounts and insurance schemes, according to a concept note prepared by the labour ministry which EThas reviewed.
Some of these changes could be unveiled as early as Thursday by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in the presence of state labour and health ministers from across the country. Modi is likely to inaugurate a new programme, christened Pt Deen Dayal Upadhyay Shrameva Jayate Karyakram.
Under the programme, the labour ministry is setting up a 'Shram Suvidha', or labour facilitation, portal and will unveil a new 'Labour Inspection Scheme' that will cut down on the inspector raj and bring in transparency for e-filing of returns related to compliance with various labour laws. It will also make it easier for workers to access welfare schemes such as Employees' Provident Fund and insurance.
Importantly, the new scheme introduces portability for EPF accounts by linking them with bank accounts.
As part of the inaugural ceremony, the PM will send SMSes to 1,800 labour inspectors of four central organisations (Chief Labour Commissioner, Directorate General of Mines Safety, Employees' Provident Fund and Employees' State Insurance Corporation), which will immediately come under the new scheme.
These four organisations administer 16 out of 44 central labour laws in government and private companies across the country. In the second phase of the programme, the government intends to bring in the remaining labour laws and also all the state governments on to the portal to ensure that all the units of the country are covered by this scheme.
As part of the new system, a unique Labour Identification Number (LIN) will be allotted to factories or industrial units to facilitate online registration. Instead of 16 separate returns, units need to file just one consolidated, self-certified and simplified online return.
Inspectors will lose their power to choose which unit to visit. Instead, a computer-generated random list of units will be given to inspectors, that too only the previous day.
The need to inspect a factory because of a specific complaint will be decided centrally after examining evidence.
 
Further, the labour inspectors have to upload their reports within 72 hours of the inspection to ensure timely redress of grievances of employers. The eventual aim of the exercise is to have a complete database on employers, employees and industrial units on one website.
The portal will be operated by four central organisations: Chief Labour Commissioner, Directorate General of Mines Safety, Employees' Provident Fund and Employees' State Insurance Corporation.
The ministry has already collated information about all the 11 lakh units under these organisations and digitised and de-duplicated them reducing the total number to 6-7 lakh. All these units may be offered LIN on Thursday.
Henceforth, only serious issues will be covered under the mandatory inspection list and a computerised list of units that are to be inspected will be generated randomly based on pre-determined objective criteria. But there will be provision for emergency inspection of workplaces in specific circumstances.
There is also a provision for portability of the EPF account of employees through a Universal Account Number (UAN). The UAN is being linked with the bank account, Aadhaar card and other KYC details to facilitate financial inclusion. By October 16, 2014, approximately 2 crore subscribers will have the benefit of portability through UAN. Subscribers will be informed through SMS/email immediately on inauguration.
A minimum pension has been introduced for the first time so that pension is not less than Rs 1,000 per month. The wage ceiling has been raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000 per month to ensure vulnerable groups are covered under the EPF scheme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF ban: Should home buyers  investors suffer | Implications of Sebi ordercapital market
(In DLF’s case, the fault…)
Sebi's decision in DLF case is unusually harsh because of the collateral fallout and possible disproportionately large cost to other stakeholders, especially people who have bought houses in DLF projects.
The market watchdog has punished the promoters and other decision-makers for inadequate disclosures made in the prospectus when the company made a public offer of shares in 2007, but should corporate entity DLF have also been punished, and to the same extent?
Sebi has barred DLF, promoters KP Singh and Rajiv Singh , and four others from buying, selling or otherwise dealing in securities, directly or indirectly, in any manner, whatsoever, for the period of three years.
Treating corporate entity and the promoters/executives alike means that heavily indebted DLF that needs funds to complete ongoing projects will not have any capital market access for three years. It cannot raise equity to pare down debt or raise more loan funds. The company had a net debt of over Rs 19,000 crore at the end of June 2014.
It is conceivable that banks will also get jittery rolling over debt or increasing their exposure to the troubled company. Two sets of stakeholders will face the brunt of Sebi's decision. Minority shareholders who have bought company's stock lost over 25% of their value on Tuesday.
The bigger losers could be and those who have bought houses in around 25 under-execution DLF projects if there is delay. One can still justify shareholders' loss - they knowingly invested shares of a company, a risky asset, and have paid the price for not doing their homework.
The same cannot be said for those who bought houses from their life savings. Sure real estate is often more risky than even shares, but not everyone is a speculator. For most Indians, house is a lifetime of savings. Every corporate penal action will have some fall out on innocent bystanders or stakeholders such as suppliers, contactors, routines employees and workers, creditors and many others.
Therefore, a blanket rule that precludes corporate prosecution just because there will be collateral consequences is neither desirable nor justified. A company is a legal entity and it should be liable to action for every wrong doing. That decision, however, must consider the fact that a company's decisions are made by promoters, shareholders and managers.
Therefore, disproportionate share of blame and punishment must fall on them and not the corporate entity, especially when collateral consequences are large.
In DLF's case, the fault is more with the promoters/managers because Sebi action relates to inadequate disclosures in IPO. In fact, those who invested in the company's IPO can justifiably claim to be the aggrieved party. Yes , deterrent punishment is called for to clean up the Indian stock market where players get wind of almost every deal and promoters often treat listed public companies as their private property, but that need must also be tempered by some consideration of collateral consequences.
Could it have been that those responsible for providing misleading information in the public offer given a much harsher punishment, but the company let off with a stern warning?
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australian author Richard Flanagan wins Man Booker Fiction PrizeAustralian author Richard Flanagan wins Man Booker Fiction Prize
Press Trust of India | London Oct 15, 2014 03:45 AM IST
India-born British author Neel Mukherjee lost out on the 2014 Booker Prize to Australian novelist Richard Flanagan, who won the prestigious literary prize for The Narrow Road to the Deep North that tells the story of prisoners of war on the Burma railway.
The novel, Tasmania-born Flanagan's sixth, is set during the construction of the Thailand-Burma Death Railway in World War II. The author's father, who died aged 98 the day the novel was finished, was a survivor of the Railway, which was constructed by prisoners-of-war and slave labourers in 1943.
ALSO READ:  Things you should know about Man Booker winner Richard Flanagan
Named after a famous Japanese book by the haiku poet Basho, the winning title was described by the 2014 judges as 'a harrowing account of the cost of war to all who are caught up in it'.
Questioning the meaning of heroism, the book explores what motivates acts of extreme cruelty and shows that perpetrators may be as much victims as those they abuse.
Flanagan was presented with the coveted award by Camilla Parker-Bowles, Duchess of Cornwall, at a glittering ceremony in London's Guildhall.
Kolkata-born Mukherjee had earlier emerged as the odds-on favourite to win the Booker Prize this year.
His second book, The Lives Of Others, a sweeping account of life in 1960s Kolkata (then called Calcutta), was 5/2 favourite to win with bookmakers William Hill, making him the frontrunner for the coveted 50,000 pound prize.
London-based Mukherjee had been selected for his second novel published in May this year. The book is based in his birth place of Kolkata and centres around a dysfunctional Ghosh family in the 1960s and the secrets and rivalries within the family against a backdrop of political activism.
Mukerjee, who studied at Oxford and Cambridge Universities, reviews fiction for the 'Times' and the 'Sunday Telegraph' and his first novel, A Life Apart was a joint winner of the Vodafone-Crossword Award in India.

Flipkart sale under ED lensHi Guest
Flipkart sale under ED lens
The Enforcement Directorate will probe if any norms were violated during the Big Billion Day sale of Flipkart last week. According to sources, the directorate has sent a letter to Flipkart on the basis of complaints received after the Big Billion Day sale on October 6. The ED is investigating whether any norms were violated during the sale day or not, though sources claim that no evidence has been found against the e-tailer so far. A separate probe on Flipkart is underway since 2012 for alleged ...

Heavy polling in HaryanaHeavy polling in Haryana
Microsoft to harness Indian mkt with dedicated e-storeMicrosoft to harness Indian mkt with dedicated e-store
View: Why BJP  Sena have no sense of history | Voting begins in Maha  Haryanaadvisors
(At present, there is only…)
For many years, a variety of intolerant and self-serving politics has been on the ascendant in Maharashtra. At the moment the competition, it would seem, (I could be wrong since I am no political pundit) is between the Shiv Sena and the BJP.
Looking at recent events, I keep asking myself, why are we so blind in the choices we make and as a consequence what befalls us? Has the middle class ceased to think and introspect? Are we living in denial? Forget our earlier history, I can't but assume that we are unaware of even our recent past. We have an extraordinarily rich, progressive lineage which should have been our lode-star and moral compass.
Many great social reformers emerged out of Maharashtrian society. Gokhale, Agarkar, Phule, Ambedkar, Kosambi; women reformers like Pandita Ramabai, Irawati Karve, Lakshmibai Tilak; Maharshi Karve, Tilak and undoubtedly, Shivaji. Do people who invoke Shivaji's name understand what a visionary and liberal ruler he was? He didn't discriminate amongst Hindus, Muslims or Dalits.
They were all part of his army and some of them were his advisors. His taxation system is considered one of the most enlightened; it was non-exploitative, based on the concept of fairness and acknowledged farmers as the backbone of any economy and polity.
But we have turned our backs on all this. Sadly, we are complicit in encouraging political tendencies which threaten our own fundamental rights. Today, there is confusion in the minds of the Maharashtrian middle class. While it used to be strongly for the Sena, it also has had a longer familial link with the BJP because of its affinity with the Sangh Parivar.
So, earlier when the alliance existed, the choice was easy. Now, choosing whom to vote for presents a unique dilemma. And I am not even talking about the MNS here. Add to it, the public acceptability of Narendra Modi only appears to be growing.
Earlier, ordinary citizens used to wear Modi masks. But in this election, the BJP candidates are all masks. They have no persona of their own; all of them are mouthpieces and parrots for Modiji. They know that they can get elected only if they echo Modiji. Perhaps the Sena has not factored in at the moment that gravity can be defied and it's possible to fly only by hanging on to Modiji's silkkurta-tails.
At present, there is only one narrative operative in the country: development and money. But what do they mean by 'development'? We understand this vague word as the hope that India will overcome all its ills. But we don't wish to admit that uninhibited free-market development can be disastrously short-sighted. It has no place for the poor except to exploit them. Its only rationale is greed and it's obvious how it led to the world economy's collapse; and its role in climate change and fossil fuel scenario can spell the end of civilization as we know it.
 
In contrast, the national narrative framed by our founding fathers was different. Democracy, inclusiveness and a strong love for mother earth were its key features. Recently, I was speaking to young students about it. Some of them earnestly asked me, 'Why should we know about the national narrative? What's it to us? We feel Modi will do good work". I was unsure of how to respond to that, but even the rise of Modiji has been possible because of the institutionalization of democracy achieved by Gandhi, Nehru and others.
Nehru had a vision and a historical sense. These parties (BJP and Sena) and their supporters have no sense of history. When they talk of Hindutva, their ignorance about the diverse traditions and practices in Hinduism and its openness, among other things, becomes obvious. This is not to say that the Congress or NCP are any better.
The current Prime Minister could not have had better allies than them. After all, Modiji could not have won such a thumping victory without the colossal corruption and supine ineffectiveness of these clandestine friends.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China s September inflation cools to near 5-...Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:

Hong Kong police clashes with protestersPolice brutality video at Hong Kong protest sparks outrage
AFP
Hong Kong, October 15, 2014
First Published: 07:40 IST(15/10/2014)
print
Hong Kong police came under fire on Wednesday after plain clothes officers were filmed beating and kicking a handcuffed protester during some of the worst clashes since mass democracy rallies erupted two weeks ago.
The city's security chief said the accused officers had been "removed" from their posts after the assault that occurred amid violent confrontations when police swooped in to clear newly erected barricades near government headquarters.
Tensions have spiked in recent days as police began raiding protest sites and tearing down barricades, after more than a fortnight of disruptive mass rallies calling for free elections in the former British colony.
Demonstrators and police fought running battles overnight, with officers using their fists, batons and pepper spray to beat back crowds in an operation they defended as a necessary response to ensure public order.
But footage from television network TVB later emerged of a group of plainclothes officers assaulting a handcuffed and unarmed protester, sparking outrage and calls for prosecution from activists and lawmakers.
It shows six plain clothes officers hauling the man to a dark corner of a public park, and placing him on the ground.
Watch: Hong Kong police clash with protesters
One officer stands over the man and punches him, as three others are seen repeatedly kicking him in an assault TVB said lasted four minutes. Prominent student leader Joshua Wong said trust between police and activists had hit an all-time low.
"The proper action police should take is to bring the protester to the police car, not to take him away and then punch and kick him for four minutes," he told reporters. Amnesty International also condemned the "vicious" attack.
"It is stomach-churning to think there are Hong Kong police officers that feel they are above the law," Mabel Au, director of Amnesty Hong Kong said in a statement.
"Any investigation into this incident must be carried out promptly and all individuals involved in unlawful acts must be prosecuted."
'Emotions are very unstable'
Police have previously been criticised for firing tear gas on umbrella-wielding protesters on September 28 in a move that attracted worldwide attention.
Demonstrators have also accused them of failing to come to their aid during frequent attacks from violent pro-government thugs.
Hong Kong's security chief sought to douse tensions over the video, expressing "concern" and promising a "just and fair investigation".
"The policemen who are involved in the incident have been removed from their current working positions," Secretary for Security Lai Tung-kwok said without specifying how many officers were being probed.
Huge crowds have intermittently rallied against China's insistence that it will vet candidates standing for election as the semi-autonomous city's next leader in 2017 -- a move protesters have labelled as "fake democracy".
While the activists have been praised for their civility and organisational skills, they have also brought widespread disruption to an already densely populated city.
In intense scenes overnight, a wall of police armed with shields and batons marched before dawn on crowds who had erected new barricades in a road tunnel next to the headquarters of the city's embattled government.
Clutching the umbrellas that have become emblematic of their fight for full democracy, some protesters were pulled to the ground, handcuffed and hauled away by officers.
Police said that 45 people were arrested in the operation, including 37 men and eight women. Four officers were also injured.
Within an hour police had regained control of the road.
Tearing down barricades
The violence was among the worst seen since the start of rallies that have drawn huge crowds calling for Beijing to grant the semi-autonomous city the right to choose who can run in 2017 elections.
A police statement said officers had warned that "advancing against police cordon line even with their arms raised is not a peaceful act", and had appealed to the demonstrators to "stay calm and restrained".
Ben Ng, an 18-year-old student, was with protesters near a newly built barricade when the baton-wielding contingent approached.
"Police used pepper spray without any threat or warning. Protesters were beaten by police," he said. "Both protesters and police, their emotions are very unstable."
The protests that have paralysed parts of the city over the last fortnight have largely been peaceful. But ugly scuffles have frequently broken out between demonstrators and government loyalists, sparking accusations the authorities are using hired gangsters.
Patience is running short in some quarters, with shop owners and taxi drivers losing business and commuters voicing irritation at extensive disruptions on the roads and on public transport.
Direct confrontation with police has been much less common.
But in the last two days, officers have begun moving in to remove barricades on the edges of protest sites, shrinking their footprint and opening some roads to traffic, while allowing the bulk of demonstrators to stay in place.

Baghdad: Car bomb kills 25  in Shi ite neighbourhoodprint
A suicide car bombing on Tuesday killed a parliament member and 24 others in a Shi'ite neighborhood in Baghdad, according to police and medical officials, as Islamic State attacked towns in western Anbar province.
The third straight day of bombings in Shi'ite parts of Baghdad and an offensive in Anbar province that saw strategic towns threatened by Islamic State pointed to the dire security situation in Iraq.
The blast in Baghdad, claimed by Islamic State, occurred in the late afternoon as cars lined up to enter the affluent neighbourhood, home to one of the holiest shrines in Shi'ite Islam, Imam Kadhim.
Police and medics said Ahmed al-Khafaji, a member of the Shi'ite Badr political party and a former deputy interior minister, counted among the dead.
Five police officers were also killed, police and medical officials said.
In a second attack, a roadside bomb killed three passersby on a busy street in the communally mixed district of al-Qahira in northern Baghdad, police and medical officials said.
The attack in Kadhimiya marked the third straight day of bombings there and other mostly Shi'ite neighbourhoods in the Iraqi capital and its outskirts. The blasts have killed at least 77 people since Sunday.
Islamic State, ultra-radical Sunni Muslim insurgents who have seized wide areas of northern and western Iraq, described the bombing as targeting Khafaji, according
to the Site monitoring group. 
Islamic State seeks to establish an Islamic caliphate spanning the borders of Iraq and Syria, where it has taken about a third of the country in the course of its civil war.
In western Anbar province, Islamic State has taken two towns this month in the mid-Euphrates river valley, Hit and Kubaisa, as it continues to push eastward in hopes of taking the Haditha Dam, where pro-government Sunnis are fighting jihadists in collaboration with the government.
If the dam falls, Islamic State will control much of the Euphrates water supply and will effectively rule from the Syrian border within range of Anbar's capital Ramadi.
In the Anbar town of Baghdadi 35 miles (56 km) southeast of Haditha Dam, Mayor Naji Arrak warned by telephone: "Baghdadi town has been surrounded by the Islamic State fighters since four days and despite appeals to military commanders in Anbar to intervene, we heard nothing."
In Amiriya Falluja, southwest of Baghdad, the area was surrounded by Islamic State late Tuesday, according to people from the town, who were frantically seeking to call in US air strikes. 
One man said the town was surrounded from three sides by tanks and armored vehicles. If Amiriya Falluja fell, it would create a wide opening for Islamic State to mass for a push into Baghdad, nearly 40 km away.
The Iraqi army has been badly damaged since the fall of Mosul, the north's biggest city, in June when at least four army divisions faded away.
Anbar military units have been hurting since last January when soldiers first battled Islamic State and tribes angry at the Baghdad government in the province's capital Ramadi and outside its sister city Falluja.

Inflation  Retirement and Old Age PovertyInflation  Retirement and Old Age Poverty
Messi scores 2 goals  Argentina thrash Hong Kong 7-0Messi scores 2 goals  Argentina thrash Hong Kong 7-0
Ebola Outbreak:  A Lot More People Will Die   Warns WHO; Cases to Rise to 10 000Ebola Outbreak:  A Lot More People Will Die   Warns WHO; Cases to Rise to 10 000
Assembly elections: Voting begins in Maharashtra  HaryanaAssembly elections: Voting begins in Maharashtra  Haryana
Haryana Assembly polls: Battle for 90 seats beginHaryana Assembly polls: Battle for 90 seats begin
Rana unveils The Hindu Bridal MantraUpdated: October 14, 2014 04:08 IST
Rana unveils ‘The Hindu Bridal Mantra’
The Hindu Rana Daggubati releasing the Telangana regional edition of The Hindu Bridal Mantra. Photo: Nagara Gopal
The Hindu Rana Daggubati releasing the Telangana regional edition of The Hindu Bridal Mantra. Photo: Nagara Gopal
The Hindu Rana Daggubati releasing the Telangana regional edition of The Hindu Bridal Mantra. Photo: Nagara Gopal
TOPICS
lifestyle and leisure
Indian wedding are getting bigger, says the actor, drawing attention to the cultural interchange that’s prevalent
“Jeevithamlo pellanedi chaala mukhyam,” began Rana with a straight face, but broke into a guffaw immediately saying, “What am I talking... how am I qualified to talk about marriage.” At The Hindu office to launch the fifth edition of The Hindu Bridal Mantra magazine last Saturday, Rana Daggubati, despite nursing a severe cold, was in his element fielding questions on marriage and movies.
“My sister got married recently and I was witness to a whole lot of preparations that go into an Indian wedding. I laud The Hindu for bringing out Bridal Mantra that can be good guide to the bride-to-be,” he added.
He appreciated the content of the book while flipping through the pages of the book and pointed out to the men’s section that’s included in the magazine, instantly attracting queries like, would he refer to a book like this while planning his wedding? “Marriage is not even in my mind right now…I don’t know,” dodged one of most eligible bachelors of the Telugu film industry.
“Indian wedding are getting bigger and there’s lot of cultural interchange happening. Sangeeth and mehendi are now part of Telugu weddings as well. All this give scope to big time planning,” he added.
The fifth edition of The Hindu Bridal Mantra featured actor Esha Gupta on the cover in a stunning Manish Malhotra lehenga and Anita Dongre choli.

Galaxy Note 4 to take on iPhone 6 Plus this ...Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to take on Apple iPhone 6 Plus this Diwali
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Oct 15, 2014, 10.38AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(Samsung unveiled its Galaxy…)
NEW DELHI: Two iconic handset companies are set for a titanic clash on October 17, looking to cash in on festive demand ahead of Diwali. Samsung on Tuesday unveiled its latest flagship Galaxy Note 4 device, which will go on sale from Friday , when Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also become available.
The Note 4 - launched globally about a month ago is positioned to take on the Apple iPhone 6 Plus on pricing, even as the Korean major's dominance of both the overall phone market and the fast-growing smartphone segment faces a growing threat from Indian handset makers.
The 5.7-inch screen Note 4 is priced at Rs 58,300, lower than the 16 GB variant of the 5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus, which is available at Rs 62,500 for pre-order. The 16 GB variant of the iPhone 6 costs Rs 53,500 for pre-order. "We're launching it at the briskest pace that we could get it to India, which happens to be on October 17, which also brings in Diwali," said Asim Warsi, vice president for mobile & IT at Samsung India , when asked if Samsung had strategically decided to steal Apple's thunder in India in this premium segment.
"The Indian consumer is a very rational consumer. He will be a thrifty buyer even if he has money, and will judge, compare and make a reasonably informed decision," Warsi added.
Samsung will come out with 'affordability aids' such as EMI offerings, debit card-based offers and non-banking finance options for consumers.
Analysts feel lack of innovation has been the Achilles' heel for Samsung in recent times, which led to limited sales of its flagship Galaxy S5 smartphone, although the company reiterates it met its internal expectations. The chaebol expects an almost 60% decline in operating profit to $3.8 billion in the third quarter of 2014, its fourth straight quarterly drop.
Samsung, though, is pegging the Note 4 as a huge technological advancement over models launched in the past three years in the large-screen smartphone category. It is also banking on loyalty and is expecting a majority of the over 1 million Note users in India to upgrade, Warsi said.
The mobile phone maker has a 29% share of the smartphone market in India, followed by Micromax with 18%. Samsung has 17% of the overall handset space in India, while Micromax comes close with 14%, according to market research firm Interna tional Data Corporation.
Samsung is looking forward to the October-December quarter, during which sales of electronic and consumer products rise due to the festive season, gifting and discounts. Warsi said Samsung is expected to clock sales exceeding the industry growth of 2025% in this quarter because of devices launched in the entrylevel, mid-range and high-end segments over the past few months. The company introduced the Galaxy Alpha for Rs 39,990 last week.
About the war between online and offline retailers in India, especially in the mobile phone space where websites offer bigger discounts than traditional stores, Warsi said Samsung will sell from all platforms wherever consumers are present.
"We've had engagements with online platforms since their inception, which will continue.There is a visible growth in consumers shopping online, so we will be available there. But we're not choosing channels," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Luxury labels like Armani stay off virtual r...You are here: Home > Collections > Lvmh
Luxury labels like Armani, Bottega Veneta stay off virtual retail stores
Vijaya Rathore, ET Bureau Oct 15, 2014, 05.35AM IST
Tags:
advisors
(Experts say luxury is all…)
NEW DELHI: Online marketplace may seem to be the new prime location for marketers in India, but makers of high-end luxury products are keeping away from the virtual retail world, for reasons ranging from brand exclusivity and fear of fakes to rule of the land.
In fact, their only interest in online marketplace is fighting counterfeit products that are rampant.
"Luxury is all about touch and feel. It is different from buying at the click of a button," said Sanjay Kapoor, MD at Genesis Luxury, which retails more than 10 luxury brands including Armani, Canali and Bottega Veneta in the country.
Marketers point out that selling a pair of shoes for Rs 500 is one thing and selling a Rs 50,000 pair of Jimmy Choo shoes is an altogether different ballgame. Then there are issues like the government policy to not allow brands with foreign direct investment to sell online.
One British luxury brand, which used to deliver products in India via its global website, for example, stopped doing so because under the country's policy an offline retail business with FDI cannot sell its products online.
While the brand's spokesperson in India declined to comment on the matter, an executive who is not authorised to speak to the media said, "No point risking the business."
Another reason luxury brands are reluctant to sell online is a fear that it may impact their credibility, say experts. That is because the online marketplace is primarily associated with discounts and is often seen as a dumping ground for unsold goods.
"All the international brands have invested so much money on brand building and they cannot afford to dilute it by being visible online," said Harminder Sahni, founder of retail consultancy firm Wazir Advisors. "What most brands are doing now is to put out their catalogues and information on their websites for people to make better choices rather than selling directly," he said.
Meanwhile, top luxury brands are busy fighting counterfeit products that have found easy market in the online space, through websites hosted on servers in different parts of the world, including India.
Last month, French luxury prod-ucts group LVMH and Internet search engine Google announced they will work together to fight the sale of counterfeit goods online. The agreement came through after a decade of litigation over complaints by LVMH that the Google Adwords key words service helped counterfeiters sell their products on the back of LVMH brands.
Top brands have upped their ante in India too, putting in place a legal machinery to fight the menace, especially online.
 
"Cases filed by brands against those people selling the fakes online have gone up considerably in the last six months," said Delhibased lawyer Shravan Kumar Bansal who represents some luxury brands in such cases. He added that the courts are taking appropriate actions. Citing a recent case, he said, a company called Smart Collections was selling fragrances from top brands like Giorgio Armani, Ralph Lauren and Givenchy online and putting out advertisements on social media such as Facebook and Twitter. "There are so many websites selling fakes with their websites hosted outside India in countries such as China. It is very difficult to track them down," Bansal said.
British luxury brand Burberry has filed a case in the Delhi-High Court against a small time online seller for allegedly selling fake products of the company.
Genesis Luxury had recently put out newspaper advertisements stating that a website was selling products from its portfolio without any authorisation. In the ad, the company also raised questions about the authenticity of the Jimmy Choo shoes sold at a 'wedding exhibition' in the national capital. "We were advised by our lawyers to do so," Genesis' Kapoor said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jet Airways lands in trouble  faces shortage...Jet Airways lands in trouble, faces shortage of pilots on local flights
Anirban Chowdhury, ET Bureau Oct 15, 2014, 06.43AM IST
Tags:
Boeing
(The airline is facing a shortage…)
MUMBAI: Jet Airways' problems with its crew are fast aggravating. The airline is facing a shortage of pilots on its local flights after more than hundred of them got grounded by the DGCA for not meeting license requirements. The shortage has led to a delay in more than 150 flights on Sunday and Monday.
Meanwhile, pilots at Jet's Jet Lite who are unhappy with the management's offer to join the parent's fleet, have formed a union and plan to file a case against them. Five people in the know confirmed the delays and the information on a registered union. A detailed questionnaire to Jet didn't elicit any response. DGCA recently issued show cause notices to 131 pilots at Jet for lapsed proficiency check certificates. These are given after pilots undergo two test flights on simulators every year. The pilots are currently grounded.
This isn't the only instance of incomplete documentation. The company itself recently found three of its pilots were flying without valid annual line check certificates. Line check certification is a process by which a pilot's flying is monitored by a trainer sitting in the cockpit through a flight to ensure that all defined norms are followed in letter and spirit.
Jet can't fill the gap, created by grounding pilots by making the remaining ones fly extra hours. By the end of this year, many pilots are at the end of that limit and cannot be strained to fly overtime without breaking rules.
Sources said the shortage is on domestic flights operated by the airline on the Boeing 737 planes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Liberty Shoes Q2 net up 25.24 per cent at Rs. 2.53 croreNew Delhi, October 14, 2014
Updated: October 14, 2014 17:17 IST
Liberty Shoes Q2 net up 25.24 per cent at Rs. 2.53 crore
PTI
economy, business and finance
The company had reported a net profit of Rs. 2.02 crore in the same quarter in 2013.
Footwear firm Liberty Shoes on Tuesday reported 25.24 per cent increase in net profit at Rs. 2.53 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs. 2.02 crore in the same quarter in 2013.
Net sales in the quarter under review stood at Rs. 143.8 crore, up 31.89 per cent as against Rs. 109.03 crore in the corresponding quarter in 2013, the company said in a filing to the BSE.
Liberty Shoes said it will expand aggressively this year by opening new stores.
“The company is aggressive in expansion and identifying the untapped market to enhance its presence and has plans to add 80-100 more showrooms in the franchisees or company owned and company operated (COCO) format in this financial year,” it said in a statement.
It has opened 37 stores in the current fiscal.
Shares of Liberty Shoes settled at Rs. 295.60 apiece on BSE, down 6.28 per cent from previous close.

All you need to know about Maharashtra elections 2014All you need to know about Maharashtra elections 2014
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 14, 2014
First Published: 21:19 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:59 IST(15/10/2014)
FIVE MAIN ISSUES
Corruption
The irrigation scam along with corruption allegations against several former ministers including former public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal, water resources minister Sunil Tatkare, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar mainly from the NCP has given BJP and Sena to hit the former ruling alliance before the assembly polls.
However, BJP has also courted controversy by giving tickets to some of these tainted ministers including Vijay Gavit and Babanrao Pachpute.
BJP front-runner in Maharashtra, Haryana, say exit polls
Farmer’s plight
The irrigation scam, cycle of drought and hailstorms which had aggravated troubles for farmers has been a much talked of issue in the polls in rural areas.
BJP and Sena pointed to farmers suicides as an indicator of agrarian crisis, while Congress and NCP labelled BJP as indifferent to farmers pointing to recent decisions that have done little to improve pricing of farm produce.
Development
Development or the lack of it in the most leading state of the country is the biggest election issue in 2014 assembly polls.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been hammering on the lack of development in Maharashtra in infrastructure, power sector agriculture, in all his rallies.
Both Congress and NCP have also flagged development as an issue showcasing work done by the government in the last 15 years.
United Maharashtra
United Maharashtra has become a poll issue after both Congress and Sena accused the BJP of trying to split the state by advocating separate state of Vidarbha. Both these parties also alleged that BJP is looking at carving out Mumbai from the state. The issue has an emotive appeal for citizens owing to the Samyukta Maharashtra movement of the 60s.
Maharashtra vs Gujarat
The latent competition between the neighbouring states, Maharashtra and Gujarat has become a poll issue. To counter the Modi blitzkrieg, the rest of the parties have alleged the BJP of a bias towards Gujarat, accusing Modi of trying to reduce the status of the financial capital of the country by taking away industry from Mumbai.
Read: In numbers: Maharashtra state elections 2014
FIVE KEY CONTESTS
1.    Former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan will face a multi-corner contest in his home turf, South Karad in Western Maharashtra. His main contender is sitting Congress legislator Vilas Patil Undalkar, who is contesting as an independent besides BJP's Atul Bhosale and Sena's Ajeenkya Patil.
2.    Former home minister R R Patil is said to be on a sticky wicket in his constituency of Tasgaon in Sangli, Western Maharashtra.  He has a tough contender in BJP's Ajit Ghorpade,  a former Congress legislator.
3.    Sitting BJP legislator and daughter of late Gopinath Munde, Pankaja faces her cousin, Dhananjay in the fight to retain her home turf, Parli in Beed district. Dhananjay is contesting on NCP ticket.
4.     Former industries minister Narayan Rane will face Sena's local youth leader Vaibhav Naik in his bastion, Kudal in Konkan in what is being regarded as a tough contest. Sena had got a lead of 22,000 votes from Kudal in the Lol Sabha polls. The presence of NCP and BJP candidates further complicates this contest.
5.    BJP's senior leader Vinod Tawde faces a five corner poll contest in Borivali constituency in Mumbai, his first assembly election. Tawde's main contender is Sena’s Uttam Agarwal but he also faces MNS, Congress and NCP in a multi-corner contest. 
FIVE CONTROVERSIES
Raining money
In the high stakes assembly polls, money has been flowing freely with several instances of Election Commission or police seizing unaccounted for cash from party candidates. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar is among those who will face a case of unaccounted cash.
Sena and MNS bhai, bhai
In the middle of the poll campaign, both Shiv Sena and MNS, arch enemies indicated that they were willing to ally with one another. Both the parties started targeting Modi and BJP, with Raj Thackeray, MNS chief also making a claim that the cousins had spoken to each other after the saffron alliance split and considered going for elections together.
 
Friend turned foe, Sena targets Modi 
Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray went hammer and tongs with his criticism of BJP and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, even calling the latter Afzal Khan, commander in Adil Shah’s sultanate who fought Maratha warrior king Shivaji and was killed by him.
Controversial remarks
Former home minister RR Patil at the fag end of the campaign created controversy by trivialising rape. At a campaign speech, in a bid to slam his opponent, a MNS candidate who faces rape charges, RR said that the candidate should have at least waited for the elections to get over and then committed rape.
Patil apologised post the remarks and earned ire of his party chief Sharad Pawar. Senior BJP leader Nitin Gadkari got into a soup after he told voters at some public rally that they can take money from all but should vote only for the BJP.
Maharashtra versus Gujarat 
The competition between the neighbouring states became a flashpoint during the election campaigns with all political parties taking on BJP on the issue. Modi was referred to as the PM of Gujarat, he was accused of trying to split the state and dilute status of Mumbai. BJP on a back foot took back one of its ad campaigns that had rubbed many people the wrong way and become a butt of jokes and in course correction released positive ads.
 

Social media a hindrance in banks cyber crime fightUpdated: October 15, 2014 02:06 IST
Social media a hindrance in banks’ cyber crime fight
Reuters
cyber crime
Banks are fighting an uphill battle to protect themselves and their client accounts from cyber attacks, and the sometimes careless use of social media by customers and staff isn’t making the fight any easier.
British police and banks this week warned customers about the rise in criminals using social media to strike up a relationship and then try to get money from them.
Personal details from sites such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn are also being used by fraudsters to scam customers, including to help in the increasingly common practice of “vishing”, or voice phishing, industry sources said. “Vishing” involves fraudsters calling and saying they are from the bank. They say there is a security problem, and ask the customer to call the emergency number on their bank card. But the fraudsters never hang up and create a fake dial tone to convince the customer to provide account details or even transfer money to another account.
Revelations this month that hackers had obtained details of 83 million customers of JP Morgan — one of the biggest data breaches in corporate history — have shown how vulnerable banks remain, despite spending hundreds of millions of dollars a year on cyber defences. That was a complex attack, but far simpler frauds involve scammers using social media profiles to obtain a fuller picture of potential victims, bank industry sources and fraud investigators said.

Vizag still without power; PM announces Rs 1 000cr for APFood riots broke in the port city of Visakhapatnam on Tuesday as hundreds of people looted relief trucks in a scramble for drinking water, milk, vegetables and petrol following massive shortages two days after a cyclone battered the eastern coast.
 
People fled with enormous sacks of food grain and police used batons to disperse the crowd as Andhra Pradesh’s biggest city struggled to pick up the pieces after Cyclone Hudhud, which killed 22 people in three north coastal districts.
A picture of the swathe of destruction caused by cyclone Hudhud in Vizag. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
The cyclone has damaged several sub-stations and uprooted thousands of electricity poles, making it next to impossible for officials to restore power. Tuesday was the fourth consecutive day in Visakhapatnam – known popularly as Vizag -- without power.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who visited the storm-hit city, announced a Rs. 1,000-crore relief package for Andhra Pradesh, where thousands of people were forced to leave their homes.
“For people of Visakhapatnam, please give drinking water and other essential commodities. I have not seen such a terrible situation in my life,” a resident pleaded with folded hands as people mobbed relief officials and ransacked supplies.
 
Women with children in their arms searched for milk and serpentine queues were seen outside petrol stations in Vizag which bore the brunt of the cyclone’s fury.
 
Prices of essential commodities leapt because of the shortages. “Drinking water and milk costing Rs. 20 each are being sold for Rs. 50 as black-marketeers are having a field day,” said another angry resident.
 
Long queues were seen at fuel stations for the second straight day, despite government assurances that there was enough fuel to last a fortnight. Many had to wait in line for the better part of the day to get fuel, procured at erratic prices. While Lattu Chanti, an auto driver, got diesel at Rs. 64 per litre, ME Krishna, a railway employee, had to pay Rs. 100 per litre for petrol.
Hundreds lined up outside ATMs too, since cash hadn’t been filled up at several centres with the bank network down. Only a few branches were providing partial services.
The famous King George Hospital is also in shambles with authorities forced to discharge patients lodged in wards damaged by Hudhud. 
 
The cyclone hit near the city on Sunday with heavy rains and wind speeds of 185 kilometres per hour.
 
Chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu urged the Centre to treat the devastation caused by the storm as a “national calamity”. “We will rebuild this city and the confidence of its people,” he said.
Watch: Hudhud leaves Andhra, Odisha in tatters
After visiting parts of the worst-affected port city and a review meeting with Naidu and top officials, Modi told reporters at Vishakapatnam, "The Centre is fully with the people of Andhra pradesh. Both governments are working hand in hand."
Modi, who made an aerial survey of the affected areas of both north coastal Andhra and Odisha, also declared Rs. 2 lakh from Prime Minister's Relief Fund for families of each of those killed and Rs. 50,000 to every injured.
Naidu said, "Some people are selling essential items at high prices. It is not fair to try to exploit the situation. We have taken a decision to provide packages of food items in all cyclone-hit areas."
Naidu has been camping in the city since Monday to oversee rehabilitation efforts.
Meanwhile, the city’s two million residents have slowly started returning to normal life amid a trail of destruction all around left by the storm --  houses with collapsed walls or roofs blown away, roads littered with fallen trees, electric poles and traffic booths.
Train services resumed partially on the Visakhapatnam-Bhubaneshwar route but the crucial Vizag-Vijayawada route is yet to be restored. Both bus and mobile phone services improved.
(With agency inputs)

Uddhav announces his candidature for CMComments
A day before the assembly polls, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray announced he wants to be the chief minister, if his party is voted to power.
“If a common man like Narendra Modi can become prime minister, can’t a Thackeray become the chief minister,” Uddhav said, in an exclusive interview to Saamana, the Sena’s mouthpiece. It will be published on Wednesday.
Uddhav said no Thackeray had ever contested the polls till now, but they have not relinquished duty either.
“The people of Maharashtra are supreme, they will decide. Delhi cannot decide who Maharashtra’s chief minister will be,” Uddhav said.
In the interview, Uddhav also hit back at BJP president Amit Shah for his comments about the Sena being a “mouse that needed to be shown its place”. The people of Maharashtra will not forgive him for the analogy, Uddhav said.
Shah had made the reference during a rally in Aurangabad. “Maharashtra will never bear the insult of people calling it a mouse. They do not know the power of Maharashtra. People are angry and they will bear the brunt of this,” Uddhav said.

Brent above $85 after biggest fall in three ...Brent recovers above $85 after biggest fall in three years
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 10.55AM IST
Worries about oil supply exceeding demand in a slowing global economy sparked the rout that began after prices hit this year's high in mid-June.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent edged higher above $85 a barrel on Wednesday, recovering from its biggest daily fall in three years, a drop that pushed prices to the lowest since late 2010 as traders scrambled to keep up with the downward momentum.
Worries about oil supply exceeding demand in a slowing global economy sparked the rout that began after prices hit this year's high in mid-June. Brent is down about $30 since then.
Comments from core OPEC members, including Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Iran, signaling that the group is unlikely to cut output to support oil markets have further depressed prices.
Brent crude for November climbed 37 cents to $85.41 a barrel by 0440 GMT. In the previous session, the front-month contract suffered its biggest daily drop since 2011 and slipped below $85 a barrel for the first time since late 2010.
US crude gained 27 cents to $82.11 after posting its largest fall in a single session in nearly two years.
"There is a very old and much-used cliche about standing under a falling knife which is exactly about this situation," said Ric Spooner, chief analyst at CMC Markets in Sydney.
"You've got very strong selling going on and until the market begins to show some signs of losing momentum, it's safest to assume that the worst is yet to come."
A break below price support levels may have fuelled more selling overnight as investors cut losses or took on short positions in anticipation of lower prices, Spooner said.
Wall Street banks have scrambled this week to neutralise their exposure to big oil options trades, adding to the downward spiral.
Supply Glut, Weak Demand Growth
The International Energy Agency on Tuesday cut its demand growth forecast for oil in 2015 as global economies remain weak.
And Iran has said that that it can live with lower oil prices after similar signs from Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
"A clear sort of signal coming in from statements of OPEC members is that they are not likely to be defending the oil price at around these levels," Spooner said.
Shale oil output continued to rise in the United States with production set to grow by some 106,000 barrels per day in November from this month, projections from the US Energy Information Administration showed on Tuesday.
US commercial crude oil inventories were forecast to have increased in the week ended Oct. 10, while refined products likely fell, according to a Reuters poll of analysts.
Industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API) will issued its report later on Wednesday, and the EIA will follow with its weekly data on Thursday. The reports have been delayed a day due to the Monday's Columbus Day US federal holiday.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Darling will outperform Prema Katha Chitram: G V PrakashTelugu cinema
Darling is the remake of Telugu film Prema Katha Chitram.
South Indian composer-turned-actor G. V. Prakash Kumar, who will next be seen in Tamil horror-comedy “Darling”, says the film will be far better than its Telugu original “Prema Katha Chitram”.
“We have exerted scrupulous efforts in delivering the top-notch technical and narrative aspects. Offering a final product with a perfect class was our motto and now we’re happy to see it has been achieved. Darling will outperform its original,” Prakash said in a statement.
Directed by Sam Anton, “Darling” also features Nikki Galrani, Karunas and Bala Saravanan in important roles.
The film is jointly produced by K.E Gnanavel Raja of Studio Green and Allu Aravind of Geetha Arts.
“I’m so much elated to be a part of film that brings two great producers of the industry. I happened to meet Gnanavel Raja sir and show him some of my portions in my other film ‘Pencil’ Quite impressed with what I had performed, he approached me with ‘Darling’,” he said.

Terry Fox Run helped raise Rs. 25 lakh for retinoblastomaUpdated: October 15, 2014 11:08 IST
Terry Fox Run helped raise Rs. 25 lakh for retinoblastoma
Staff Reporter
Tweet
The Hindu The run, over the past three years, has helped spread information on retinoblastoma, while also raising the bar on research conducted in the area — Photo: M. Karunakaran
When over 20,000 particpants, in support of furthering cancer research, ran, walked, skated and cycled in the ‘Terry Fox Run – Marathon of Hope’ in late August, they helped raise more than Rs. 25 lakh.
On Tuesday, Rotary Club of Madras East handed over the cheque to Sankara Nethralaya, which will help them set up an institute solely meant for treating children with retinoblastoma.
At a press conference held in the city, doctors at Sankara Nethralaya explained that the eye cancer, which develops in children, does not have a dedicated centre in the country, thus far.
“Detection was difficult as the tumour of the eye did not release bio-markers outside it, and a tissue biopsy was not possible in the eye, as it is with cancers of other organs,” Vikas Khetan, an ophthalmology surgeon at Sankara Nethrayala, said.
What the run has helped do over the past three years has been to spread information on retinoblastoma, while also raising the bar on research conducted in the area. “We were able to determine that bio-markers were released into the bloodstream, from patients having retinoblastoma. This meant detection could be done with blood tests, aiding early intervention,” said S.S. Badrinath, chairman emeritus, Sankara Nethralaya.
Dr. Khetan, who had worked with newborns having retinoblastoma in Toronto, Canada, explained a mutation in the gene may present in future generations. “We delivered the babies early, as earlier the intervention, better the chance of saving the eyesight,” he said.
Pamphlets and literature on the disease were distributed at the run, and Rotary Club of Madras East pledged to spread awareness at eye camps conducted by them as well. Rotarians and representatives from Sankara Nethralaya were present when the cheque was handed over by V.G.P. Ravi Das, president of Rotary Club of Madras, to Dr. Badrinath.

Tata Value Homes to launch three new projectsUpdated: November 7, 2014 15:14 IST
Tata Value Homes to launch three new projects
Special Correspondent
properties (general)
Tata Value Homes, a fully-owned subsidiary of Tata Housing Development Company, plans to launch three new ‘Value Home’ projects in the Mumbai metropolitan area, the Delhi NCR region and Kolkata. These projects, to be launched this financial year, will develop 12,000 flats, and these will be ready in phases over a 7-8 year horizon.
Tata Housing Development Company Managing Director and CEO Brotin Banerjee said two of these projects were under the joint venture model, while the other one would be in a development management model.
Speaking on the sidelines of the launch of its e-commerce platform for home buying, www.tatavaluehomes.com, he said the plan was to also add some international projects on the portal in this fiscal. Tata Value Homes was working on projects in Sri Lanka and the Maldives under the public-private-partnership model, and was also considering projects in Africa, he added.
Tata Value Homes sold more than 750 flats online in a year, valued at over Rs.300 crore, and has now launched the e-commerce portal, Mr. Banerjee said, adding that the new user-friendly platform would allow buyers from anywhere in the world to book their flats in three easy steps, including selection of location, reviewing the details and booking online. The booking entails a non-refundable payment of Rs.30,000, and the inaugural offer is ‘one price one nation’, starting from October 15. Accordingly, buyers can buy units at a uniform price across projects in Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Mumbai, Pune and Chennai.
The flats are being offered at Rs.29.90 lakh for a one BHK (bedroom, hall kitchen), Rs.39.90 lakh for a two BHK, Rs.49.90 lakh for a large two BHK and Rs.59.90 lakh for a three BHK. Tata Value Homes has around 10,000 flats across the locations, and the overseas projects will be offered on the platform this fiscal.
Mr. Banerjee said online sales accounted for 20-25 per cent of the company’s total sales. “In less than two years, we expect that 45-50 per cent of our customers would prefer to buy online. Around 25 per cent of the buyers were NRIs in 2014, doubling from 12 per cent in calendar 2013,” he said.

New iPads aim to boost Apple in premium tabl...New iPads aim to boost Apple in premium tablet market
By AFP | 15 Oct, 2014, 09.39AM IST
The iPad event in Apple's campus in the Silicon Valley city of Cupertino comes with Google reportedly set to introduce a new Nexus tablet.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: With the global tablet computer market showing signs of cooling, Apple's expected unveiling of its new iPads Thursday looks to shore up its position at the high end.
The iPad event in a small auditorium on Apple's campus in the Silicon Valley city of Cupertino comes with Google reportedly set to introduce a new Nexus tablet powered by Android software and manufactured by Taiwan's HTC.
Google-backed Android software has the biggest share of the global tablet market due to the ubiquity of low-priced devices they power, according to Gartner principal analyst Mikako Kitagawa.
Apple tablets driven by the company's iOS software have the second largest market share, with a small portion going to devices running on Microsoft's mobile Windows operating system.
"Apple has a limited addressable market, because Apple products, in general, are not for everybody," Kitagawa said of the company sticking with its formula of premium products at top-end prices.
"I think Apple is going to keep on with the premium segment; I don't believe they are going to have a cheap iPad."
The overall tablet market is moving toward low-cost devices, meaning that hardware makers unwilling to let go of premium pricing will tend to lose share, according to International Data Corporation (IDC) analyst Jitesh Ubrani.
Apple's current line of iPads starts at around $400 for the "mini" tablet and $500 for the larger iPad Air in the US market, nearly twice the cost of many Android devices.
Analysts predicted the Apple event on Thursday to be low-key, showcasing iPads enhanced with features such as fingerprint reading and the Apple Pay mobile wallet which are also built into top-of-the-line iPhones.
Freshening the iPad line is not expected to dramatically boost sales in a tablet market that has been cooling.
"A substantial redesign of the iPad is required to help give much needed momentum to iPad sales and the tablet market as a whole," Ubrani said.
Many tablet makers mistakenly assumed that people would replace the devices as often as they bought new smartphones, according to Gartner analyst Van Baker.
It turns out people are holding onto tablets much longer, because they typically supplement other screens and telecom companies don't subsidize prices the way they do with smartphones.
"As long as my iPad 3 does what I want it to do, there is little incentive to get a new one," said Baker.
While the tablet boom appears to have quieted in developed economies where there is more cash to spend on premium products, opportunity is seen in the business world where the devices can make some jobs more efficient.
"One way for Apple to secure their market is by getting more business users," Kitagawa said.
"It is not the most productive device for many types of work, but some jobs that involve moving around are perfect like health care or sales or insurance inspectors."
In contrast, jobs that require sitting in an office tending to data, documents or spread sheets are better suited for now to computers with keyboards, large monitors, and mouse controllers.
System administrators at major businesses long reliant on Microsoft software understandably lean toward Windows tablets, but are often pressured to accommodate personal mobile devices such as iPads that workers want to use on the job.
Microsoft Surface tablets have been geared for business needs and aimed squarely at workplaces.
Tablets won't eclipse personal computers as fast as previously thought, according to market watchers.
"The tablet market is going through a bit of a lag as buyers figure out what it is good for; what they want, and how much they want to spend," said Forrester analyst Frank Gillett.
"Some people figure they can't replace a laptop with a tablet, so are essentially deciding whether to commit to a third gadget in their lives."
IDC earlier this year cut its forecast for shipments of tablets and "two-in-one" devices combining tablet and laptop features to 233.1 million, saying growth would be about half of what was originally predicted.
While shipments in mature markets such as North America and Western Europe were forecast to remain flat, those in emerging regions were expected to climb overall by 12 percent.
Meanwhile, the outlook for personal computer (PC) shipments was less dreary than originally envisioned, due in part to businesses replacing machines powered by outdated Windows XP software.
"The PC (personal computer) is not dead," Kitagawa said. "Tablets and PCs are going to live together."

Toyota recalls 1.67 mn Lexus  for 3 separate...Toyota recalls 1.67 million Lexus cars for 3 separate defects
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 11.12AM IST
The latest in a series of recalls by the world's biggest carmaker affects some Toyota Crown, Noah, Auris as well as more than a dozen Lexus models.
ET SPECIAL:
TOKYO: Toyota Motor Corp said on Wednesday it would recall a total 1.67 million vehicles globally to address three separate defects including a faulty brake master cylinder that could hinder the brake's performance.
Toyota said it was not aware of any crashes, injuries or deaths resulting from the defects.
The latest in a series of recalls by the world's biggest carmaker affects some Toyota Crown , Noah, Auris as well as more than a dozen Lexus models.

Shah Rukh Khan boards e-comm bus with YepmeShah Rukh Khan boards e-commerce bus with Yepme
By Samidha Sharma, TNN | 15 Oct, 2014, 11.44AM IST
0
Share More
The four-year-old company has got on board advertising agency McCann Erickson's Prasoon Joshi to work on the new campaign.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: From Bollywood superstars to leading industrialists, everyone wants a piece of the red-hot Indian online retail market. The latest to board the e-commerce gravy train is superstar actor Shah Rukh Khan who has signed on as the brand ambassador for fashion e-tailer Yepme in what will be his maiden association with an online commerce player . The deal with the Gurgaon-based company is structured in a way that lets the actor pick up a stake in Yepme going forward, an executive from the e-tailer told TOI.
Yepme competes with the likes of Myntra (a part of Flipkart) and Rocket Internet's Jabong and is in the midst of closing a $30-million financing round with a consortium of four investors, including its two existing investors Helion Venture Partners and Capricorn Venture Partners.
The e-tailer, which only sells private brands, plans to spend Rs 15-20 crore over the next three months on its multi-media advertising campaign featuring SRK in an attempt to fight its bigger rivals. Apparel and fashion sales online are estimated at about a billion dollars, rivaling electronics and mobiles, which have traditionally been the biggest draw online.
The four-year-old company has got on board advertising agency McCann Erickson's Prasoon Joshi to work on the new campaign that goes live November 10. It's not been easy going for the online retailer, which had been in the market over the past six to eight months to raise fresh capital.
Talking to TOI, Yepme's co-founder Sandeep Sharma said, in India, to raise growth capital from domestic investors when you have negative ebitda (a measure of the company's operating performance) is still a big challenge. "In July, we started exploring investors outside India and that's when things started to fall in place," he said. The fashion e-tailer has in all raised $21 million across three previous rounds, the last one being in December 2013.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Foundation grants wishes of children with life threatening diseasesUpdated: October 15, 2014 12:25 IST
Foundation grants wishes of children with life threatening diseases
Staff Reporter
Tweet
The Hindu Coimbatore Collector Archana Patnaik handing over a laptop to Shakthi Priya, who is undergoing treatment at Sri Ramakrishna Hospital, on Tuesday. Photo: K. Ananthan
It was a simple wish for this Class X girl. She wanted a laptop to help her prepare for the civil services. She also wanted to meet the District Collector to ask her about preparing for the civil services.
Both the wishes of this little girl, who is suffering from a cardiology problem, were granted on Tuesday by the Make A Wish Foundation of India, a non-profit organisation that works to grant the wishes of children with life threatening medical conditions in the age group of 3-18 years.
Collector Archana Patnaik met the child along with 16 other children suffering from cancer at a programme hosted by the Sri Ramakrishna Hospital. While some of the children wanted toys and figurines of their favourite heroes, others wanted puzzles, bicycles and cricket equipment. Deepak Bhatia, Chief Executive Officer of Make A Wish India Foundation, said that the organisation had granted the wishes of 5,000 children and was planning to grand another 95,000 wishes.
C.V. Ramkumar, CEO, SNR Sons Charitable Trust, P. Sukumaran, Dean, Sri Ramakrishna Hospital, P. Guhan, Director, Sri Ramakrishna Institute of Oncology and Research, took part.
The Make A Wish Foundation of India was looking for volunteers to identify children with life threatening conditions. Those interested can contact Anita Fatima at 94421 27365.

Tatas Land Rover only Indian-owned brand in worlds top 100cars
One of the five new entrants on this annual list compiled by leading brand consultancy Interbrand.
Tata group’s Land Rover has forayed into an elite club of world’s 100 most valuable brands as the only Indian-owned entity, while iconic Apple has retained its top slot with nearly USD 119 billion valuation.
Land Rover, an iconic British car brand owned by Indian conglomerate Tatas, has been ranked 91st with a brand value of USD 4.47 billion and is one of the five new entrants on this annual list compiled by leading brand consultancy Interbrand.
Apple — maker of iPhone mobiles, Mac computers, iPad tablets and iPod music players among others — is followed by Google on the second position (USD 107 billion). These are the only two with brand values in excess of USD 100 billion.
While Land Rover is the only Indian-owned entity on the list, there are at least six other brands ranked among top 100 that are part of the entities run by Indian-origin CEOs.
These include Satya Nadella-led Microsoft (5th with brand value of USD 61 billion), Indra Nooyi-led Pepsi (24th; USD 19 billion), Shantanu Narayen-led Adobe (77th; USD 5.3 billion) and Ajay Banga-led MasterCard (88th; USD 4.7 billion).
Ivan Menezes-led British drinks giant Diageo, which also owns majority stake in India’s largest alcoholic beverage manufacturer United Spirits, also has two portfolio brands — Smirnoff (34th; USD 13 billion) and Johnnie Walker (86th; USD 4.8 billion) — on the top 100 list.
Land Rover has been ranked higher than many big global brands like FedEx, Huawei, Heineken, Pizza Hut, BOSS, Nokia, Gap and Nintendo.
“Exemplifying British engineering and expertise in the SUV category, the iconic British brand (owned by TATA of India) has invested heavily in product creation, facility, and infrastructure,” Interbrand said.
The leading brand consultancy further noted that “with 115 awards across its car range (led by Range Rover with 55 awards), Land Rover is finally getting the recognition it deserves and has improved its J D Power scores significantly.”
“With the customer at the heart of the company, a clear focus and significant investment in improving design and quality, and demonstrating world-class technology and innovation, Land Rover is fully equipped to experience accelerating success in the forthcoming Age of You,” Interbrand added.
Among top-ten, Apple and Google are followed by Coca-Cola, IBM, Microsoft, GE, Samsung, Toyota, McDonald’s and Mercedes Benz.
Apple’s brand value increased 21 per cent year-on-year, while for Google it was 15 per cent and for Coca Cola it was 3 per cent.
To be included in Best Global Brands, a brand must be truly global, having successfully transcended geographic and cultural boundaries, Interbrand said.
It must have a significant presence in Asia, Europe, and North America, as well as broad geographic coverage in emerging markets.
Moreover, the brand must have a public profile and awareness across the world’s major economies.

Celebrities at the special screening of  Sonali CableCelebrity
Celebs At The Special Screening Of Sonali Cable
Rhea Chakraborthy, Ali Fazal, Raghav Juyal and Anupam Kher's movie Sonali Cable will release on the big screen this Friday. They are on a constant promotional spree to get as many box office collections as possible. A special screening was recently held for the same reason, where names like Sonakshi Sinha and Rajkumar Rao made their presence felt. We bring you the amazing photos!

Bajaj Autos Q2 net profit falls 29 per centUpdated: October 14, 2014 23:29 IST
Bajaj Auto’s Q2 net profit falls 29 per cent
Special Correspondent
economy, business and finance
Exceptional charges of Rs.853 cr pull down net profit
Bajaj Auto, on Tuesday, reported a 29.4-per cent drop in net profit at Rs.591 crore for the second quarter of 2014-15 against Rs.837 crore in the same quarter in the previous year due to an exceptional item.
The net profit before exceptional item, at Rs.853 crore, is the second highest in the company’s history.
The exceptional item relates to BAL recognising a liability with regard to an earlier claim by it for exemption from payment of NCCD by its Pantnagar plant in October, 2011. As the High Court had ruled otherwise, the company recognised the liability for the last seven-and-a-half years. “This is a one-time charge, and going forward, the monthly charge towards NCCD is expected to be around Rs.3 crore a month,” the company said in a statement. The company’s turnover rose by 15 per cent to Rs.6,077 crore with export revenue increased by 12 per cent to Rs.2,736 crore. The operating profit went up marginally to Rs.1,248 crore and the operating margin was lower at 20.8 per cent (23.1 per cent). Quarterly sales grew 10 per cent to 10.50 lakh units with motorcycle sales up 6 per cent at around 900,000 units. Pulsar, with Avenger, had a domestic market share of 42 per cent, and the recently launched Discover 150 sold over 28,000 units in September. The company sold a record 1.56 lakh three-wheelers and has a domestic share of 46 per cent.
Terming it as an ‘excellent quarter’, Bajaj Auto President (Finance) Kevin D’sa in the statement said, “the high margin business verticals of the company, namely, Export, Commercial Vehicle, Pulsar and Auto spare part, have performed extremely well. And given the initial response to the Discover 150, the company looks forward to a rewarding future.”
For the half-year ended September 2014, the net profit was down at Rs.1,331 crore (Rs.1,575 crore) after the exceptional item of Rs.340 crore and 11.2 per cent higher sales of Rs.11,548 crore. The operating profit was up marginally at Rs.2,286 crore (Rs.2,260 crore) while the operating margin was at 20.2 per cent (22.2 per cent).
On Tuesday BAL’s share price rose by 2.5 per cent.

How to understand the life of a LibraWatch how to understand the life of a libra from the how to specialists. This tutorial will give you informative instructions to ensure you get good at astrology.
NEWS YOU MAY LIKE

S&P 500  Nasdaq break 3-day slide but Dow dipsThe S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended up slightly, breaking a three-day string of declines that marked their worst losses since 2011, while the Dow finished lower for a fourth session on lingering worries about global demand.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended up slightly on Tuesday, breaking a three-day string of declines that marked their worst losses since 2011, while the Dow finished lower for a fourth session on lingering worries about global demand.
While the S&P closed in positive territory, it was well off its session highs of more than 1 per cent and did little to put investors at ease about the market's recent selloff.
The benchmark index has lost 6.6 per cent since its Sept. 18 record closing high and is now up just 1.6 per cent for the year, while the Dow is down 1.6 per cent since Dec. 31.
"Today's action is typical of a market that hasn't completed its downward course," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital in New York.
"In order for this market to escape further declines, we would have to see the market begin to stabilize and not slip in and out of the plus and minus column consistently."
The selloff has been driven by a host of negative influences including the potential spread of Ebola, the effect of global economic weakness on U.S. earnings and plunging oil prices.
The S&P energy index fell with oil prices, dragging down equities late in the session. The index is now down 20.1 per cent from its June high, putting it in bear market territory.
Despite some early upbeat corporate results, concerns remain about the effect of a stronger dollar on global demand and U.S. earnings, Cardillo said.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 5.88 points, or 0.04 per cent, to 16,315.19, the S&P 500 gained 2.96 points, or 0.16 per cent, to 1,877.7 and the Nasdaq Composite added 13.52 points, or 0.32 per cent, to 4,227.17.
Citigroup, up 3.1 per cent at $51.47, was among the top boosts to the benchmark S&P index after the bank posted better-than-expected quarterly results and said it would pull out of consumer banking in 11 markets.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

What are the implications of the SEBI ban on DLF during bull marketSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI | DELHI: In the roughand-tumble world of real estate, where big money, political clout and sharp practices often come together, rarely does a property brand enjoy the limelight for more than a decade.
In Mumbai, the country's hottest realty market , Rahejas and Hiranandanis who ruled the city ten years ago have been overtaken by Lodhas and Oberois, while in Delhi developers like Ansals who occupied the top slot in the '90s had to give way to Unitech and DLF. This story is now taking another turn.
After Monday's regulatory onslaught, one may wonder whether DLF, the country's largest builder which had pulled off a stunning initial public offer and accumulated a huge land bank, can ever regain its prowess, whether crushing debt, crippling fund-raising restrictions and hostile politics will force it to shrink and make way for new moneybags.
BEST-LAID PLANS
The Sebi order couldn't have come at a worse time for DLF. The company will not only miss out on opportunities to place shares in a bull market to lower debt or float debentures when interest rates are beginning to soften, the regulatory directive could derail a restructuring plan that was in the works. In all likelihood, DLF would be forced to postpone a plan to list its rental assets as a real estate investment trust (REIT). As a precursor to REIT, the company had planned to acquire 40 per cent economic interest of promoters KP Singh and his family in its rental business, DLF Assets, through a share-swap deal, a transaction that would have taken the promoters' stake to over 75 per cent and require DLF to do a share placement to institutional investors.
DLF has over 26 million sq ft of rental assets that generate a rental income of over Rs 2,000 crore. According to estimates, if the company lists all its rental assets as REITS, it would raise over Rs 15,000 crore. All this will not happen in a hurry. DLF currently has six new projects in Gurgaon, one in Bhubaneswar and about 18 are in an advanced stage of construction. Like many property buyers who may now think twice before buying a DLF project, analysts are also sceptical. The order, said analyst Abhishek Saraf in a Deutsche Bank report, "will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs". Additionally, it may change the contours of the capital restructuring arising from imminent maturity of Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares in one of DLF's subsidiaries. According to an Edelweiss report, by Aashiesh Agarwaal and Akshay Rao, the order may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers into DLF. ET's email query to DLF remained unanswered till the time of going to the press.
BALANCE SHEET CAN BE DECEPTIVE
To the casual eye, DLF's balance sheet looks optimum if not robust for the kind of business it does. For instance, while it had a long-term debt and liability of close to Rs 19,000 crore at the end of June 2014 quarter, the corresponding equity position was Rs 29,263 crore. Moreover, the total equity has risen from Rs 26,332 crore in FY11, reflecting retained profit. Borrowings, on the other hand, have fallen from Rs 20,781 crore three years ago. This means an improved debt-equity ratio of 0.6 at the end of the June 2014 quarter from 0.8 at the end of March 2011. What misses the general gaze is the fact that capital-intensive businesses such as realty need a continuous cash flow to pay interest on debt and keep the debt-equity ratio in check. And, this could prove to be the Achilles Heel for the nation's largest publicly listed realty player .
Page 1 of 2

Meet DLF s CEO who built G gaon out of nothingness | Should home buyers sufferBritish Airways
(“He is among the first…)
NEW DELHI: There is little Kushal Pal Singh hasn't seen. He built the city of Gurgaon out of nothingness. He also saw it begin to crumble under its own weight. He almost sold DLF for Rs 26 lakh, but later also saw the value of his shareholding in it climb to Rs 1,87,920 crore. Now, it's declined to just Rs 14,701 crore. In 2007, he was celebrated for bringing India's biggest IPO.
Seven years later, he stands condemned by Sebi, for failing to disclose material information in that very offer. He has also seen both friends and foes occupy high places.
"He is among the first who had the vision of a large-sized modern building that is as good as any in developed countries," says Hemendra Kothari, a veteran investment banker. Now, cash flow questions are being asked about many of his ongoing property projects. "Consistent with the title of his autobiography 'Whatever the Odds', his ride is neither smooth nor straightforward. It is evident that KP Singh has cut corners," says ASV Krishnan, senior research analyst at Ambit Capital.
When KP Singh ventured into Gurgaon in late seventies, no one would have imagined what it would become over the next few decades. Good fortune and intent and perseverance all played a part.
His now famous chance meeting with Rajiv Gandhi and his partnership approach with farmers from whom he bought land from are both legendary.
"Amidst the vast landscape of barren land that was once Gurgaon, he had the vision and foresight to see the potential to create a world class city," says a real estate developer who has followed DLF for many years. KP Singh also escorted General Electric into India in 1989, leading to the birth of the BPO industry. At that time, foreign companies were wary about doing business in India.
But Singh persuaded General Electric in Gurgaon to open its pilot office for outsourcing companies. Gurgaon later became home to many multinational including Nestle, American Express, PepsiCo, IBM , British Airways and Ericsson. Born on August 15, 1931 at Bulandshahar in Uttar Pradesh, Singh graduated in Science from Meerut College. He went to UK to study Aeronautical Engineering where he was selected to the prestigious Indian Army , by British Officers Services Selection Board, UK. He joined the Indian Military Academy at Dehradun and was later on commissioned into The Deccan Horse — a renowned cavalry regiment of The Indian Army.
His competitors have nothing but respect for him. "KP Singh has seen many ups and down," says a veteran CEO of another real estate firm, requesting not to be named. "But he has the trait to bounce back."
FEATURED ARTICLES

In Pics: Volcano Mount Sinabung comes to life after lying dormant for 400 yearsprint
Indonesia Mount Sinabung has erupted four times in the past two weeks. It has not only claimed over 50 lives, but engulfed the island of Sumatra in billowing smoke and incandascent lava.
Mount Sinabaug has lay dormant for 400 years when sporadic eruptions began in 2010. It is now among more than 120 active volcanoes in Indonesia, which is prone to seismic upheaval due to its location on the "Pacific Ring of Fire".
Here are some photos which display the terrifying scenes in Sumatra.
 
In this photo made with a slow shutter speed, Mount Sinabung spews hot lava and volcanic ash as seen from Jeraya, North Sumatra. (AP Photo/Binsar Bakkara)
 
A motorist stops to watch as Mount Sinabung erupts in Tiga Pancur, North Sumatra. (AP Photo/Binsar Bakkara)
This long exposure photograph taken before dawn shows sparks of lightning, scorching lava flow and giant ash clouds released from the crater during the eruption of Mount Sinabung volcano as seen from Karo district located in Sumatra island. (AFP Photo/Sutanta Aditya)
Lightning caused by volcanic materials containing electric charges that collide into each other. (AP Photo/Binsar Bakkara)
A woman wearing a facemask, as protection from volcanic ash, harvests ash covered chillies and tomatoes at a village in Karo. (AFP Photo/ Sutanta Aditya)
Indonesian authorities said pyroclastics flow reached 4.5 kilometers down the slope threatening populated villages whlie ash clouds reached three kilometers to the sky during it latest series of eruption. (AP Photo/Binsar Bakkara)
Motorists pass by as Mount Sinabung erupts in Tiga Kicat, North Sumatra. (AP Photo/Binsar Bakkara)
An Indonesian soldier looks at giant ash clouds during the eruption. (AFP Photo)
Scorching lava flow and giant ash clouds released from the crater during the eruption. (AFP Photo/ Sutanta Aditya)
In February this year, an eruption claimed 16 lives and forced hundreds of others to flee. (AFP Photo/ Sutanta Aditya)
Giant ash clouds released from the crater during the eruption of Mount Sinabung volcano as seen from Karo district. (AFP Photo/ Sutanta Aditya)
A resident of Karo district uses a lawnmower to remove ash from his vegetable fields in North Sumatra. (AFP Photo/Sutanta Aditya)
Mount Sinabung eruption, as seen from Tiga Pancur village, Karo Regency in Indonesia's North Sumatra province.(Reuters Photo/YT Haryono)
 

Ebola infection rate could reach 10 000 a week: WHOEbola infection rate could reach 10,000 a week
AFP
The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Tuesday the Ebola infection rate could soon reach 10,000 a week as world leaders prepared to hold talks on the crisis at the United Nations.
   
WHO assistant director general Bruce Aylward, describing his figures as a working forecast, said the epidemic "could reach 5,000 to 10,000 cases per week by the first week of December".
Spanish medics Marta Arsuaga Vicente (L), Fernando de la Calle and Maria del Mar Lago (R), who are treating Ebola-infected Spanish nurse Teresa Romero, chat in a corridor of Carlos III Hospital in Madrid. (AFP Photo)
The latest death toll is 4,447, from 8,914 recorded cases of infection, Aylward said as the epidemic spirals in the three hardest-hit west African countries of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
   
While the figures suggest a survival rate of 50%, they mask the true picture, Aylward said, adding: "What we're finding is 70% mortality" in all three countries.
   
The United Nations was due to hold talks later Tuesday on a public health crisis that the WHO has called the "most severe in modern times".
   
On Monday, US President Barack Obama and UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon called for the international campaign against the haemorrhagic virus to be intensified.
   
Meanwhile, a 56-year-old Sudanese doctor who had worked as a UN volunteer in Liberia died of Ebola on Monday night after arriving in Germany last week for treatment.
   
'No one taking care of us'
   
In Liberia, doctors and nurses pressed on with a strike demanding danger money to treat Ebola patients as the government threatened to fire them.
   
"Those who stay home... will be replaced and will never come back to work," health minister Walter Gwenigale said on state radio.
   
Ninety-five Liberian health workers have died so far in the epidemic, and their surviving colleagues want pay commensurate with the acute risk of dealing with Ebola, which spreads through contact with bodily fluids and for which there is no vaccine or widely available treatment.
   
In the face of the strike, the local office of the WHO said it was "very concerned for the safety and well-being of the Ebola patients, and urges the health workers to continue with their work".
   
In the capital Monrovia, a hospital patient quoted on local radio described scenes of desolation, with the sick deserted by striking staffers.
The unnamed man said patients who could still walk were climbing over the fence to escape from the treatment unit.
   
At least two cases of contamination have been reported beyond west Africa, in the United States and Europe.
   
Read: India ramps up Ebola screening at airports
   
In Dallas, a nurse who tested positive after caring for a Liberian Ebola patient -- who died last Wednesday -- is in isolation and said to be in stable condition.
   
A Spanish nurse, Teresa Romero, 44, is thought to have caught Ebola while treating an elderly missionary who was infected in Sierra Leone and died on September 25.
   
A doctor at the specialist tropical disease hospital Carlos III in Madrid told reporters: "Statistics show that usually the disease is most deadly up to the 13th or 14th day. Now it is one day after that, so that is good."
   
$25mn for 'heroic work'
   
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg on Tuesday announced a $25 million donation to the US Centers for Disease Control Foundation to help US efforts to contain the epidemic.
   
"Grants like this directly help the frontline responders in their heroic work," Zuckerberg said on his Facebook page.
   
British troops began loading a ship that will set sail for Sierra Leone later this week to help in efforts to contain the outbreak.
   
The civilian-staffed military ship will travel with three helicopters, air crews and engineers to provide transport and support to medical teams and aid workers.
   
Measures have been introduced in the United States, Canada and Britain to screen for possible Ebola infections among passengers arriving at airports from African countries hit by the virus.
   
Asian aviation hub Singapore said it would also step up Ebola screening for passengers arriving at Changi Airport.
   
The UN nuclear agency said it would send specialised equipment to the west African countries hit by the Ebola outbreak to help faster diagnosis.
   
The machine uses the so-called Reverse Transcriptase Polymerase Chain Reaction technology that allows the Ebola virus "to be detected within a few hours, while other methods require growing on a cell culture for several days before a diagnosis is determined", the IAEA said.
   
"Early diagnosis... if combined with appropriate medical care, increases the victims' chance of survival and helps curtail the spread of the disease by making it possible to isolate and treat the patients earlier," it said in a statement.

PM announces Rs 1 000cr relief for Hudhud-hit APFood riots broke in the port city of Visakhapatnam on Tuesday as hundreds of people looted relief trucks in a scramble for drinking water, milk, vegetables and petrol following massive shortages two days after a cyclone battered the eastern coast.
 
People fled with enormous sacks of food grain and police used batons to disperse the crowd as Andhra Pradesh’s biggest city struggled to pick up the pieces after Cyclone Hudhud, which killed 22 people in three north coastal districts.
A picture of the swathe of destruction caused by cyclone Hudhud in Vizag. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
The cyclone has damaged several sub-stations and uprooted thousands of electricity poles, making it next to impossible for officials to restore power. Tuesday was the fourth consecutive day in Visakhapatnam – known popularly as Vizag -- without power.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who visited the storm-hit city, announced a Rs. 1,000-crore relief package for Andhra Pradesh, where thousands of people were forced to leave their homes.
“For people of Visakhapatnam, please give drinking water and other essential commodities. I have not seen such a terrible situation in my life,” a resident pleaded with folded hands as people mobbed relief officials and ransacked supplies.
 
Women with children in their arms searched for milk and serpentine queues were seen outside petrol stations in Vizag which bore the brunt of the cyclone’s fury.
 
Prices of essential commodities leapt because of the shortages. “Drinking water and milk costing Rs. 20 each are being sold for Rs. 50 as black-marketeers are having a field day,” said another angry resident.
 
Long queues were seen at fuel stations for the second straight day, despite government assurances that there was enough fuel to last a fortnight. Many had to wait in line for the better part of the day to get fuel, procured at erratic prices. While Lattu Chanti, an auto driver, got diesel at Rs. 64 per litre, ME Krishna, a railway employee, had to pay Rs. 100 per litre for petrol.
Hundreds lined up outside ATMs too, since cash hadn’t been filled up at several centres with the bank network down. Only a few branches were providing partial services.
The famous King George Hospital is also in shambles with authorities forced to discharge patients lodged in wards damaged by Hudhud. 
 
The cyclone hit near the city on Sunday with heavy rains and wind speeds of 185 kilometres per hour.
 
Chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu urged the Centre to treat the devastation caused by the storm as a “national calamity”. “We will rebuild this city and the confidence of its people,” he said.
Watch: Hudhud leaves Andhra, Odisha in tatters
After visiting parts of the worst-affected port city and a review meeting with Naidu and top officials, Modi told reporters at Vishakapatnam, "The Centre is fully with the people of Andhra pradesh. Both governments are working hand in hand."
Modi, who made an aerial survey of the affected areas of both north coastal Andhra and Odisha, also declared Rs. 2 lakh from Prime Minister's Relief Fund for families of each of those killed and Rs. 50,000 to every injured.
Naidu said, "Some people are selling essential items at high prices. It is not fair to try to exploit the situation. We have taken a decision to provide packages of food items in all cyclone-hit areas."
Naidu has been camping in the city since Monday to oversee rehabilitation efforts.
Meanwhile, the city’s two million residents have slowly started returning to normal life amid a trail of destruction all around left by the storm --  houses with collapsed walls or roofs blown away, roads littered with fallen trees, electric poles and traffic booths.
Train services resumed partially on the Visakhapatnam-Bhubaneshwar route but the crucial Vizag-Vijayawada route is yet to be restored. Both bus and mobile phone services improved.
(With agency inputs)

Coalscam: Court directs CBI to further probe...also told investigating officer
(A special court today ordered…)
NEW DELHI: CBI Director Ranjit Sinha today drew flak from a special court which said the closure report approved by him in a coal block allocation scam lacked any legally sustainable "reasons or logic".
The court, which ordered further probe in one of the case arising from coal blocks allocation scam, said the vetting of reports by top officers of CBI, including its Director, should be based upon "sound and legally sustainable reasons".
Refusing to accept the closure report, it cautioned the agency that line of distinction between an "inadvertent act or a malafide act" was very thin and the vetting of reports should confirm to well settled principles of law and hoped that no such mistakes shall occur in future.
"I may also mention that since the final reports are vetted by prosecution branch of CBI and thereafter by Director CBI as per the practice being followed, then it is expected that in view of the vast experience of the legal officers of CBI and the senior officers of CBI, including the Director, the vetting of the reports should not only confirm to the well settled principles of law but also to sound and legally sustainable reasons and logic," Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar said.
The observations came in a case involving Vikash Metals and Power Ltd (VMPL) and its officials in which they were accused of making false claims related to land allocation to get undue advantage in the coal block allocation.
The agency, however, had later on filed a closure report saying the allegations against VMPL or its directors or even against the public servants could not be substantiated during the course of investigation.
The court, in its 23-page order, asked CBI to further investigate the case and file a progress report on the probe on November 10.
The court also asked the CBI Director and DIGs, who are supervising probe in coal scam cases, to ensure proper training of the officers to hone up their skills for probing the case.
"Director, CBI and DIG, CBI supervising the investigation of the case, shall also ensure that if they find the officers working under them to be lacking in the skills of investigation, they shall ensure proper training and refresher courses for them at CBI Academy so as to hone up their skills of investigation," it said.
Cautioning the CBI's top brass, the judge said, "This court thus hopes that in future no such inadvertent mistakes shall occur for otherwise the line of distinction between an inadvertent act or a malafide act is very thin and difficult to distinguish."
The judge also said that report of further investigation to be filed on November 10 should be detailed and supported by legally admissible reasons.
"It is expected that the report of further investigation will be detailed and conclusive in nature duly supported with legally admissible reasons and not a report prepared as per the whims and fancies of the IO as has been done till now," the judge said.
"It is expected that the senior officers of CBI before forwarding the report of further investigation will duly apply their mind to the nature of investigation carried out and the conclusion being arrived at rather than forwarding the report in a mechanical fashion as is seems to have been done till now," the court said.
  The judge also noted that he would have taken cognisance of offences under sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy)/420 (cheating) of the IPC against VMPL and its directors or others involved at this stage but the probe about role of Ministry of Coal officers and other public servants in the entire process of allocation of coal block needed to be further carried out.
"Thus keeping in view the aforesaid perfunctory nature of investigation carried out by the IO which apparently seems to have been carried out with a pre-decided objective of filing a closure report, the same cannot be accepted," the court said.
Pulling up the IO for not probing crucial aspects of the case, the court said he was "either completely oblivious of the basic nuances of investigation or he deliberately chose not to investigate the case properly with a view to help the company VMPL and its directors or Ministry of Coal officers."
"The case clearly involved huge financial implications not only for the private parties who apparently were all out to get the coal block allotted by whatever means it was possible but also for the country whose valuable natural resources were being siphoned off in a clandestine manner," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IT companies focus on cyber security solutionsIT companies focus on cyber security solutions
Jochelle Mendonca & Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau Oct 15, 2014, 06.06AM IST
Tags:
cyber security
(The cyber-security business…)
MUMBAI | DELHI: Indian IT companies are increasing their focus on cyber-security as they see demand rising for security solutions amid growing commerce on the internet. According to consultancy firm PwC , $4-5 billion worth of security services are being outsourced currently, a market that Indian IT companies are looking to capture.
The cyber-security business is typically split into consulting, software solutions, implementation, and operations & maintenance. While consulting is driven by big firms and software by foreign companies, the last two aspects of cyber-security offer a big opportunity for Indian players. "Implementation is something that is getting outsourced as well and there you have Indian companies playing," Sivarama Krishnan, executive director at PwC, told ET. "Then you have operations & maintenance. That is the leg on which we see a lot of things come into the Indian companies. It is a big business for most of the IT companies."
Indian companies are also looking to beef up their security verticals in view of the rising demand.
"We are investing a lot in security. Cyber-security is going to be very important and we are already placing a big bet," N Chandrasekaran, chief executive at Tata Consultancy Services , India's biggest IT company, told ET in a recent interview. TCS has over 3,000 certified security personnel.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM retaliates to Pak s provocation without waiting for CCSAjit Doval
(The CCS was not convened…)
NEW DELHI: In another example of how decision-making process has changed under the BJP-led government, Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not convene a meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) before deciding to aggressively retaliate to Pakistan's shelling last week.
The decision was taken by Modi himself in consultation with National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval . The CCS was not convened but, according to top government officials, home minister Rajnath Singh, external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj and defence minister Arun Jaitley , all members of CCS, were kept in the loop and informed about the decision.
"There was no time to convene the CCS. Rajnath Singh and Sushma Swaraj were busy with their campaign schedule for assembly elections. Jaitley was still at AIIMS, waiting to be discharged. The PM believes in action and not wasting critical time in convening meetings," said a senior officer from the country's security establishment. More pertinently, he added, the government did not have compulsions of coalition partners, and the PM had the mandate to take quick decisions at critical times.
The decision to "give a free hand" to BSF, guarding the border with Pakistan, was taken by Modi and Doval. It was Doval who is believed to have conveyed the decision to home secretary Anil Goswami for immediate action. In conventional governance under previous regimes, the CCS meeting was a must to take decisions on matters related to national security. The CCS usually comprised the PM, ministers of home, foreign affairs, defence and finance. NSA, cabinet secretary and secretaries of ministries concerned generally attended the meetings. This time, the government was in no mood to wait for CCS members to get together and decide on the response to unprovoked firing and shelling by Pakistan from across the border. "The NDA government under Atal Bihari Vajpayee paid the price for the delay caused by the routine of convening the CCS during the IC 814 hijacking in 1999. Modi demands quick action and response," the official explained. Sources said that both the PM and the NSA were on the same page.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Call for a movement to tackle wasteUpdated: October 15, 2014 12:17 IST
Call for a movement to tackle waste
Staff Reporter
Tweet
The Hindu Science movement leader and conservationist A. Achyuthan with the memento given to him during a felicitation function organised by the Kerala Sasthra Sahithya Parishad at the Town Hall in the city on Tuesday.-Photo: K. Ragesh
A strong people’s movement, akin to the Literacy Mission campaign in Kerala, is needed to tackle the waste management issues of the State, experts who congregated at a public convention to felicitate noted environmentalist and science movement leader A. Achyuthan have said.
Contributions
The diverse contributions made by Dr. Achyuthan in fields including education, science awareness, waste management, environment protection, and traffic issues were lauded by leaders from different walks of life at the function organised by a collective of Dr. Achyuthan’s friends and the civic society.
Paper presented
Noted economist K.P. Kannan presented a paper on the topic ‘Development and environmental implications’ on the occasion.
A souvenir ‘Achyutham Adaranika,’ brought out in honour of Dr. Achyuthan was released by A. Pradeepkumar, MLA, on the occasion.
Noted science movement leader I.G. Bhaskara Panikkar, Institute of Engineers Kozhikode District president Venugopal, Kerala Sasthra Sahithya Parishad State general secretary V.V. Sreenivasan, Director of Keluettan Study and Research Centre K.T. Kunhikkannan, and public representative M. Rajan among others spoke.
Parishad leader and organising committee vice chairman K. Sreedharan presided over the function.
The programme comprised a friendly get-together, talks, and a visual presentation on Western Ghats protection among other things.

Maha  Haryana elections underway: Full CoverageMaha  Haryana elections underway: Full Coverage
Too-big-to-fail banks facing up to $870 bn debt security gapToo-big-to-fail banks facing up to $870 bn debt security gap
FIBA ASIA women s under-18: India lose to ThailandFIBA ASIA women s under-18: India lose to Thailand
25 per cent turnout in first four hours in Haryana25 per cent turnout in first four hours in Haryana
Falling crude prices define the new normal in oil marketsFalling crude prices define the new normal in oil markets
Stock tanks 28 DLF may have to lower pricesStock tanks 28 DLF may have to lower prices
ASML Third-Quarter Net Profit Rises 26%ASML Third-Quarter Net Profit Rises 26%
Flat 10% Off - Foldable Wardrobe with Shoe RackFoldable Wardrobe with Shoe Rack
   
We have sold out this product Get Notification when this product is available "In Stock".
 
About Foldable Wardrobe with Shoe Rack
BRAND

Now  a website to track government officialsNew Delhi, October 14, 2014
Updated: October 14, 2014 08:26 IST
Now, a website to track government officials
IANS
The website also informs about the attendance through graphs and other visualisations.
TOPICS
public officials
Bureaucrats seem to be in for some tough times with a new website helping not only the government but also the public keep a watch on their movements. The website - attendance.gov.in – will let users find out how many officials in the registered organisations reported for work on a particular day. The website launched on September 30, clocks the in and out times of bureaucrats.
It also informs which official attended office on a particular day, and if some of them left midway.
The portal covers 50,748 employees in 149 organisations.
Some of the organisations registered include Bureau of Civil Aviation Security, the Armed Forces Tribunal, Central Water Commission, the Cabinet Secretariat and the Ministry of External Affairs.
A senior official said that the idea had come from Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the aim was not just to improve punctuality but to weed out ghost employees as well, he added.

Shah Rukh Khan chooses Ajay over AamirShahrukh Khan Chooses Ajay Devgn Over Aamir Khan
Recommend
Link
1 month 13 days ago, Lehren
Shahrukh Khan might choose his long time foe Ajay Devgn instead of his dear friend Aamir khan. Check out Why. Take a look at this video.
More on Lehren:

Dear men  now get your champis at homeShare 0
Indian men take their grooming rites like we do our tea. Any time and anywhere, as long as there’s a window for it and it makes us feel good. 
So the advent of a service called Champiwala, which offers you the opportunity to book a barber to come home and offer you all sort of freedoms from hirsute horrors, is a welcome idea.
The set-up
Log onto the website, check which services you want and book a champiwala for a time that works for you. They also turn up at public spaces, events and offices if you wish – even the Canadian embassy has acted as a makeshift Champiwala salon. I chose to get my barber for the day, Rahul, to come home. He brought his own fold-out chair and a host of products in a sizeable suitcase, which included hair dye, scrubs and moisturizers, a kettle, an extension chord, a mirror and a broom to clean up after.
The wet shave
For the straight razor shave, I was put into a reclining chair and given a facial scrub and moisturizing treatment with a bunch of Art of Shaving products, followed by a hot towel treatment and a glorious double shave. I’ve had a barber shave me only once before – it was unpleasant – leaving me feeling abraded and not exactly baby-bottom smooth. This was far more exacting and my skin passed the wife test.
The threading 
I’ve occasionally opted to thread pesky unwanted hair around my eyebrows and strands creeping up above the line of my cheekbone (or risk entering werewolf territory). Often, because my pores haven’t been opened via a facial or a hot towel, the threading has left me raw and teary-eyed from all the plucking. This time, I barely felt it.
The haircut
I got Rahul to give me a trim, tidying up the back and sides. The cut itself was passable, and obviously not what you’d get at the hands of a good stylist in a salon.
The champi
I’d been looking forward to this for the whole hour since my champiwala had shown up. I was offered four scented oils to choose from and went for sandalwood (navratan oil is not for the weak). The overall pounding, kneading and vigorous skull rubbing of this service had all the fanfare, clapping and snapping expected of a traditional champiwala treatment, and was much improved when I told Rahul to reduce pressure or focus on a particular area. If you choose a champi, make sure you tell your wala what you want as you go along. 
Snooty factor: Medium
Service: Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my Champiwala spa-at-home day. My wala was polite, well-groomed and efficient. Most importantly, I felt good. 
Products: The Truefitt and Hill and Art of Shaving products used for the wet shave were top quality; the massage oils less so, but word is that Champiwala will be blending their own scented oils soon.
GQ recommends: The wet shave and threading
Price: Rs 1,425 for a wet shave, threading, haircut and champi
Repeat potential: High

Sensex  Nifty closed on account of Assembly Elections in MaharashtraYou are here: Home > Collections > Bse
Sensex, Nifty closed on account of Assembly Elections in Maharashtra
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 15, 2014, 08.11AM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
NEW DELHI: Indian stock market will remain shut on Wednesday, 15th October on account of public holiday. Equity, currency, commodity & debt market will remain closed on account of General Assembly Election 2014 .
Voting has begun in Maharashtra and Haryana for Assembly elections in both the states, one of the biggest electoral tests for Narendra Modi after the Lok Sabha polls.
Benchmark indices closed flat on Tuesday. BSE's Sensex was down 34.74 basis points at 26349.33 while NSE's Nifty ended lower by 20.25 points and closed at 7864.
Technically speaking, the level of 7830 - 7800 is now an immediate term support for the index whereas it has a stiff resistance placed at 7925 and beyond that at 7975.
"Till the time Nifty is unable to clear this resistance range the bias may remain weak. Initial sign of strength would come in only if Nifty sustains above 7975, in which case we may see further upside till 8035 - 40 range," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"The level of 7830 (closing) is still a trend reversal level for the index and we continue to recommend a closing basis stop loss of 7830 for all Nifty long positions," added the report.
The brokerage firm is of the view that any move and a close below this level can induce deeper declines of up to 3% more from 7830 levels.
Excessive intraday volatility is key concern as the day traders are losing in both the directions, say analysts. Markets are likely to consolidate in near-term, but level of 7800 remains key support area for the index.
The recovery that we saw in the market which pushed the index towards 7900 earlier this week was largely on account of short coverings, because everybody went short because of that coal mining news.
"The index is basically chopping around and as long as 7800 holds on, we will outperform but if 7800 starts getting taken out decisively, then another leg down is possible," said Ashwani Gujral , Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com.
"For the moment, the way banks are acting the way IT is acting, it appears that it will be difficult to break 7800, but by no means great uptrend has started," he added. Gujral is of the view that basically, intraday traders have to play on both sides.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian markets edgy on lingering growth worriesAsian markets edgy on lingering growth worries, dollar up
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 06.41AM IST
READ MORE ON » asian markets
Lingering concerns over global growth kept Asian stocks on a tentative footing, with more signs of gloom in the euro zone economy helping underpin the dollar.
ET SPECIAL:
TOKYO: Lingering concerns over global growth kept Asian stocks on a tentative footing on Wednesday, with more signs of gloom in the euro zone economy helping underpin the dollar.
The dollar extended gains after disappointing data out of Germany and Britain checked the euro's recent bounce.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up 0.08 per cent, but still not too far off a seven-month low hit at the start of the week.
Tokyo's Nikkei climbed 0.4 per cent after touching a two-month trough on Tuesday.
Concerns over faltering global growth triggered a bruising selloff in global equity markets in the past week, and investors remain reluctant to buy into riskier assets as the drumbeat of weak data showed no signs of abating.
Overnight, a closely watched ZEW survey showed German analyst and investor morale fell below zero for the first time in nearly two years in October.
Adding to the gloom, the German government cut its growth forecasts, euro zone industrial production fell, British inflation slowed sharply in September and Fitch warned it may cut France's credit rating.
"Risk-off tone continues to dominate the markets as US equities pared most of the gains while Treasuries remain in demand," Credit Argricole said in a note to clients.
U.S. Treasuries and German Bunds have rallied this week, with the yields on the latter hitting record lows on Tuesday after data reinforced fears the euro zone may be slipping into recession.
Page 1 of 2

DLF: Should home buyers and investors suffercapital market
(In DLF’s case, the fault…)
Sebi's decision in DLF case is unusually harsh because of the collateral fallout and possible disproportionately large cost to other stakeholders, especially people who have bought houses in DLF projects.
The market watchdog has punished the promoters and other decision-makers for inadequate disclosures made in the prospectus when the company made a public offer of shares in 2007, but should corporate entity DLF have also been punished, and to the same extent?
Sebi has barred DLF, promoters KP Singh and Rajiv Singh , and four others from buying, selling or otherwise dealing in securities, directly or indirectly, in any manner, whatsoever, for the period of three years.
Treating corporate entity and the promoters/executives alike means that heavily indebted DLF that needs funds to complete ongoing projects will not have any capital market access for three years. It cannot raise equity to pare down debt or raise more loan funds. The company had a net debt of over Rs 19,000 crore at the end of June 2014.
It is conceivable that banks will also get jittery rolling over debt or increasing their exposure to the troubled company. Two sets of stakeholders will face the brunt of Sebi's decision. Minority shareholders who have bought company's stock lost over 25% of their value on Tuesday.
The bigger losers could be and those who have bought houses in around 25 under-execution DLF projects if there is delay. One can still justify shareholders' loss - they knowingly invested shares of a company, a risky asset, and have paid the price for not doing their homework.
The same cannot be said for those who bought houses from their life savings. Sure real estate is often more risky than even shares, but not everyone is a speculator. For most Indians, house is a lifetime of savings. Every corporate penal action will have some fall out on innocent bystanders or stakeholders such as suppliers, contactors, routines employees and workers, creditors and many others.
Therefore, a blanket rule that precludes corporate prosecution just because there will be collateral consequences is neither desirable nor justified. A company is a legal entity and it should be liable to action for every wrong doing. That decision, however, must consider the fact that a company's decisions are made by promoters, shareholders and managers.
Therefore, disproportionate share of blame and punishment must fall on them and not the corporate entity, especially when collateral consequences are large.
In DLF's case, the fault is more with the promoters/managers because Sebi action relates to inadequate disclosures in IPO. In fact, those who invested in the company's IPO can justifiably claim to be the aggrieved party. Yes , deterrent punishment is called for to clean up the Indian stock market where players get wind of almost every deal and promoters often treat listed public companies as their private property, but that need must also be tempered by some consideration of collateral consequences.
Could it have been that those responsible for providing misleading information in the public offer given a much harsher punishment, but the company let off with a stern warning?
FEATURED ARTICLES

A reality check on Modi s promises and actionHi Guest
A reality check on Modi's promises and action
Image: Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Photograph: PTI Pushback to Modi govt's policy pronouncements has already started, it now has a very small window of opportunity to bring in reforms, says A K Bhattacharya. Four and a half months after the formation of the Narendra Modi-led government at the Centre, international investors have now begun to ask questions on how realistic the expectations of a positive change in the business climate in India are.   Some of them are a little more ...

Modi govt s first big-bang labour reform to dismantle inspector rajCommissioner Directorate General
(Under the programme, the…)
NEW DELHI: The NDA government is set to unveil its first big-bang labour reform by partially dismantling the factory inspector raj, perceived by industry to be arbitrary and corrupt. Under the proposed reforms, labour inspectors will lose their power to decide which unit to visit and the number of forms related to compliance with labour laws that employers have to file will drop from 16 to 1.
However, cutting down on the inspector raj will be twinned with pro-worker measures, such as making it easier for employees to access provident fund accounts and insurance schemes, according to a concept note prepared by the labour ministry which EThas reviewed.
Some of these changes could be unveiled as early as Thursday by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in the presence of state labour and health ministers from across the country. Modi is likely to inaugurate a new programme, christened Pt Deen Dayal Upadhyay Shrameva Jayate Karyakram.
Under the programme, the labour ministry is setting up a 'Shram Suvidha', or labour facilitation, portal and will unveil a new 'Labour Inspection Scheme' that will cut down on the inspector raj and bring in transparency for e-filing of returns related to compliance with various labour laws. It will also make it easier for workers to access welfare schemes such as Employees' Provident Fund and insurance.
Importantly, the new scheme introduces portability for EPF accounts by linking them with bank accounts.
As part of the inaugural ceremony, the PM will send SMSes to 1,800 labour inspectors of four central organisations (Chief Labour Commissioner, Directorate General of Mines Safety, Employees' Provident Fund and Employees' State Insurance Corporation), which will immediately come under the new scheme.
These four organisations administer 16 out of 44 central labour laws in government and private companies across the country. In the second phase of the programme, the government intends to bring in the remaining labour laws and also all the state governments on to the portal to ensure that all the units of the country are covered by this scheme.
As part of the new system, a unique Labour Identification Number (LIN) will be allotted to factories or industrial units to facilitate online registration. Instead of 16 separate returns, units need to file just one consolidated, self-certified and simplified online return.
Inspectors will lose their power to choose which unit to visit. Instead, a computer-generated random list of units will be given to inspectors, that too only the previous day.
The need to inspect a factory because of a specific complaint will be decided centrally after examining evidence.
 
Further, the labour inspectors have to upload their reports within 72 hours of the inspection to ensure timely redress of grievances of employers. The eventual aim of the exercise is to have a complete database on employers, employees and industrial units on one website.
The portal will be operated by four central organisations: Chief Labour Commissioner, Directorate General of Mines Safety, Employees' Provident Fund and Employees' State Insurance Corporation.
The ministry has already collated information about all the 11 lakh units under these organisations and digitised and de-duplicated them reducing the total number to 6-7 lakh. All these units may be offered LIN on Thursday.
Henceforth, only serious issues will be covered under the mandatory inspection list and a computerised list of units that are to be inspected will be generated randomly based on pre-determined objective criteria. But there will be provision for emergency inspection of workplaces in specific circumstances.
There is also a provision for portability of the EPF account of employees through a Universal Account Number (UAN). The UAN is being linked with the bank account, Aadhaar card and other KYC details to facilitate financial inclusion. By October 16, 2014, approximately 2 crore subscribers will have the benefit of portability through UAN. Subscribers will be informed through SMS/email immediately on inauguration.
A minimum pension has been introduced for the first time so that pension is not less than Rs 1,000 per month. The wage ceiling has been raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000 per month to ensure vulnerable groups are covered under the EPF scheme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  Canada clinch nuclear deal in record ...India, Canada clinch nuclear deal in record time
By Indrani Bagchi, TNN | 15 Oct, 2014, 12.02PM IST
Foreign minister Sushma Swaraj and her Canadian counterpart John Baird pose for the media during their meeting in New Delhi, on October 14, 2014. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Canada and India are negotiating commercial contracts for supply of uranium for Indian nuclear reactors. "The nuclear agreement starts a new chapter in relations with India," said John Baird , Canada's foreign minister in an exclusive conversation with TOI.
Baird is in Delhi for the second round of strategic dialogue he held with Sushma Swaraj on Tuesday.
The restart of nuclear cooperation with Canada has been a long journey for both countries. Therefore it was a pleasant surprise to nuclear watchers here when India and Canada concluded their nuclear deal in virtually record time. The India-US deal still remains unconsummated and it will be a while before all the procedures are completed on the India-Australia front.
Canada expressing support for Indian membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group . The two countries plan to cooperate on building higher capacity nuclear reactors. Indian reactors are based on the CANDU model . The DAE wants to upgrade Indian nuclear reactors from their current capacity of 200MW to 750MW, MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said as he brief on the discussions.
As a result of the conversations between Baird and Swaraj, the two countries will do some joint development. They will also joint host a nuclear security workshop in India with some 15 countries, the first such meet India would be organizing with another country.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will have his first meeting with his Canadian counterpart, Stephen Harper, in Brisbane on the sidelines of the G-20 summit. Baird said, "I was very pleased to extend an invitation from Prime Minister Harper to Mr Modi to visit Canada as early as possible. I should add I had the pleasure of inviting him to Canada years ago, and we've never had any visa problems. We have had numerous ministers and parliamentarians who have visited him in Gujarat."
The Khalistan issue is never far from India-Canada discussions. "Canada and India share a painful past when it comes to terrorism," Baird said. "When I was in high school one of the victims of the Air India crash was a fellow student. So it's a personal experience when I was very young. Terrorism is the great struggle of our generation from the Air India crash through 9/11 to what we are seeing today in Iraq."
Skill development is something the Indian government is tapping Canada for. Akbaruddin said this would be mainly in the hydrocarbon and water management sectors.
Baird said, "We are excited about being a reliable supplier of oil and gas and helping India attain its development goals. Canadian companies have a lot of experience in green energy, and we hope they can lend their expertise to the new government as it seeks to tackle its challenges."
Earlier, the Canadian foreign minister met Modi. A statement from the PMO said, "The Prime Minister welcomed close cooperation between India and Canada and expressed satisfaction at comprehensive nature of bilateral ties, including in areas of economic cooperation, agriculture, security, civil nuclear energy, education, and science and technology."

Big banks facing up to $870 bn debt security...Barclays
(The shortfall facing lenders…)
LONDON: Too big to fail is likely to prove a costly epithet for the world's biggest banks as regulators demand they increase holdings of debt securities to cover losses should they collapse.
The shortfall facing lenders from JPMorgan Chase & Co. to HSBC Holdings could be as much as $870 billion, according to estimates from AllianceBernstein, or as little as $237 billion forecast by Barclays .
The range is so wide because proposals from the Basel-based Financial Stability Board outline various possibilities for the amount lenders need to have available as a portion of risk-weighted assets.
With those holdings in excess of $21 trillion at the lenders most directly affected, small changes to assumptions translate into big numbers.
"The direction is clear and it is clear that we are talking about huge amounts," said Emil Petrov , who heads the capital solutions group at Nomura International in London . "What is less clear is how we get there. Regulatory timelines will stretch far into the future but how quickly will the market demand full compliance?" The FSB wants to limit the damage the collapse of a major bank would inflict on the world economy by forcing them to hold debt that can be written down to help recapitalize an insolvent lender. For senior bonds to suffer losses under present rules the institution has to enter bankruptcy, a move that would inflict huge damage on the financial system worldwide if it happened to a global bank.
That's what happened when Lehman Brothers Holdings collapsed in 2008, prompting governments around the world to step in with taxpayers money to rescue lenders placed at risk in the turmoil that followed.
The FSB, which consists of regulators and central bankers from around the world, will present its draft rules to a G-20 summit in Brisbane , Australia, next month.
Its proposals call for 27 of the world's largest banks to hold loss-absorbing debt and equity equivalent to 16 per cent to 20 per cent of their risk-weighted assets to take losses in a failure, ensuring investors rather than taxpayers pick up the bill should a lender collapse.
Under the plans, these lenders will also have to meet buffer rules set by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, another group of global regulators. These can amount to a further 5per cent of riskweighted assets, taking banks' requirements to as much as 25 per cent of holdings.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Impact of Sebi ban on DLF during a bull marketSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI | DELHI: In the roughand-tumble world of real estate, where big money, political clout and sharp practices often come together, rarely does a property brand enjoy the limelight for more than a decade.
In Mumbai, the country's hottest realty market , Rahejas and Hiranandanis who ruled the city ten years ago have been overtaken by Lodhas and Oberois, while in Delhi developers like Ansals who occupied the top slot in the '90s had to give way to Unitech and DLF. This story is now taking another turn.
After Monday's regulatory onslaught, one may wonder whether DLF, the country's largest builder which had pulled off a stunning initial public offer and accumulated a huge land bank, can ever regain its prowess, whether crushing debt, crippling fund-raising restrictions and hostile politics will force it to shrink and make way for new moneybags.
BEST-LAID PLANS
The Sebi order couldn't have come at a worse time for DLF. The company will not only miss out on opportunities to place shares in a bull market to lower debt or float debentures when interest rates are beginning to soften, the regulatory directive could derail a restructuring plan that was in the works. In all likelihood, DLF would be forced to postpone a plan to list its rental assets as a real estate investment trust (REIT). As a precursor to REIT, the company had planned to acquire 40 per cent economic interest of promoters KP Singh and his family in its rental business, DLF Assets, through a share-swap deal, a transaction that would have taken the promoters' stake to over 75 per cent and require DLF to do a share placement to institutional investors.
DLF has over 26 million sq ft of rental assets that generate a rental income of over Rs 2,000 crore. According to estimates, if the company lists all its rental assets as REITS, it would raise over Rs 15,000 crore. All this will not happen in a hurry. DLF currently has six new projects in Gurgaon, one in Bhubaneswar and about 18 are in an advanced stage of construction. Like many property buyers who may now think twice before buying a DLF project, analysts are also sceptical. The order, said analyst Abhishek Saraf in a Deutsche Bank report, "will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs". Additionally, it may change the contours of the capital restructuring arising from imminent maturity of Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares in one of DLF's subsidiaries. According to an Edelweiss report, by Aashiesh Agarwaal and Akshay Rao, the order may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers into DLF. ET's email query to DLF remained unanswered till the time of going to the press.
BALANCE SHEET CAN BE DECEPTIVE
To the casual eye, DLF's balance sheet looks optimum if not robust for the kind of business it does. For instance, while it had a long-term debt and liability of close to Rs 19,000 crore at the end of June 2014 quarter, the corresponding equity position was Rs 29,263 crore. Moreover, the total equity has risen from Rs 26,332 crore in FY11, reflecting retained profit. Borrowings, on the other hand, have fallen from Rs 20,781 crore three years ago. This means an improved debt-equity ratio of 0.6 at the end of the June 2014 quarter from 0.8 at the end of March 2011. What misses the general gaze is the fact that capital-intensive businesses such as realty need a continuous cash flow to pay interest on debt and keep the debt-equity ratio in check. And, this could prove to be the Achilles Heel for the nation's largest publicly listed realty player .
Page 1 of 2

Oil price crash of 2008 and now; a tale of two slumps: top factors that impact crude(While decline in demand…)
By Tarun Dang
Brent crude is off its 2014 highs by about 19 per cent and there are reasons to believe that it will see lower levels in the months and years to come. Already, comparisons with the bubble bursting oil price crash of 2008 are being drawn, which saw oil plummet from its highs of $146 to $35 within a span of 6 months.
While decline in demand was the key driver for the 2008 crash, the sharp drop in prices this time around are being caused by a supply glut . Continued growth in US shale production and increase in non-OPEC countries oil exports have led to excess capacity.
The middle-east region has been a hot bed of military activity on an ongoing basis. The impact of this increased US oil production is quite immense, that unlike in the past, geopolitical tensions have been unable to push oil prices higher.
Our technical analysis based on wave theory further confirms our view that commodities are now in a structural bear market that will last some years to come. Silver in 2011, gold in 2013 and now oil in 2014, all seem to have signaled their long term (multi-year) tops.
One has to compare the crude oil and Dollar index chart alongside to see the strong inverse correlation that they have. The Dollar index has been rallying sharper since June 2014.
In the short to medium term, bounce back or further decline in oil prices will be largely dependent on the following scenarios:
- What will be OPEC's response to falling prices? Would it cut production to support prices? While OPEC might consider and even decide to cut production in its upcoming meeting, sustaining it for a longer period of time will remain an issue. Most of the oil exporting nations are dependent on oil money to maintain their economies.
- Libya's oil ramp up in the recent past has been impressive. However, the escalating civil war might impact production yet again.
- Below a certain price level the shale extraction in the US may become very expensive and force a pullback in production.
Global demand and supply aside, this dip in oil prices is a welcome relief for the Indian economy and the new NDA government, which inherited a crippled state of affairs from the UPA. A stable Rupee and this decline in prices will help reign in the import bill which has oil as the largest component.
CPI and WPI have fallen due to weaker commodity prices and lagged monetary policy impact. A sustained trending down in these 2 will open up headroom for RBI governor Rajan to look at options for interest rate cuts.
(The author is Managing Partner, Trend-Wise Capital Management. Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analyst's own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned. Twitter: @iTarunDang)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ebola winning the race against attempts to contain it: UNMEERtrauma & emergency healthcare
The Ebola outbreak is “winning the race” against attempts to contain it, chief of UN Mission for Ebola Emergency Response (UNMEER) Anthony Banbury has said.
In his briefing, Mr. Banbury told the 15-nation UN Security Council that he is “deeply worried” that the steps implemented by the international community were “not nearly enough” to halt the advance of the fatal disease.
“Ebola got a head start on us,” he said.
“It is far ahead of us, it is running faster than us, and it is winning the race. We either stop Ebola now or we face an entirely unprecedented situation for which we do not have a plan,” Mr. Banbury told the council on Tuesday via video link from the operation’s headquarters in Ghana.
Mr. Banbury recalled the World Health Organisation’s (WHO) recommendation that, within 60 days of October 1, 70 per cent of all those infected must be in the hospital and 70 per cent of the victims safely buried, to arrest the outbreak.
“This is what we are fighting for now; we are fighting to prevent unavoidable deaths. We are fighting for people who are alive and healthy today, but will become infected and die if we do not put in place the necessary emergency response.”
In its most recent situation report on the disease, WHO, which is leading the wider UN response, reported 8,376 cases and 4,024 deaths from Ebola based on information provided by the Ministries of Health of Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
The agency notes that the upward epidemic trend continues in Sierra Leone and also in Liberia. By contrast, the situation in Guinea appears to be more stable but a pattern of transmission is still of very grave concern.
“With every day that passes, the number of sick people increases,” Mr. Banbury added.
“Time is our biggest enemy. We must use every minute of every day to our advantage and that is what UNMEER is doing.”
In particular, Mr. Banbury called for an increase in the number of diagnostic laboratories, transport support and funding to help with operation logistics which would help aid the UN response to a crisis so vast in scope and magnitude.
Moreover, with the number of infected growing exponentially each day, he cautioned that UNMEER could expect new caseloads of approximately 10,000 people per week by December 1, meaning that 7,000 beds for treatment were needed.
The UNMEER head pointed out that his mission plan would ultimately ensure that no gaps were left unfilled and that resources were allocated appropriately, all the while permitting Governments to own the Ebola responses in their respective countries.
“There’s much bad news about Ebola but the good news is we know how to stop it,” said Mr. Banbury, while emphasising that failure was “inconceivable” and “unacceptable.”
“We must defeat Ebola and we must do it fast,” he said.
A United Nations volunteer who worked in the UN mission in Liberia’s medical team and was evacuated to Germany last week to receive treatment for Ebola has died. This is the second death at UN Mission in Liberia due to Ebola, after an earlier probable case that resulted in the death of a national staff member on September 25.

IndiGo to buy 250 Airbus A320neo aircraftIndiGo to buy 250 Airbus A320neo aircraft
India s ban on US poultry products overturned by WTOIndia s ban on US poultry products overturned by WTO
Petrol Price cut by Rs. 1 Per LitrePetrol Price cut by Rs. 1 Per Litre
Obama predicts long-term campaign against ISObama predicts long-term campaign against IS
India s Jan-Sept Iran oil imports up 38% yoyIndia s Jan-Sept Iran oil imports up 38% yoy
Crude oil: A tale of two crashesCrude oil: A tale of two crashes
Fishermen worst hit by cyclone HudhudFishermen worst hit by cyclone Hudhud
Putin  Poroshenko discuss measures to restore peace to east Ukraine - KremlinPutin  Poroshenko discuss measures to restore peace to east Ukraine - Kremlin
Kailash Satyarthis crusade to save childhood continues; 60 mn still need himKailash Satyarthi’s crusade to save childhood continues; 60 mn still need him
KumKum Dasgupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 10, 2014
First Published: 14:50 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:49 IST(11/10/2014)
Before he became the second Indian to win the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday, not many had heard Kailash Satyarthi’s name.
 
But within 90 minutes of the announcement, the child's rights activist had gained more than 4,500 followers on Twitter--and the list was growing at blazing speed.
 
The 60-year-old activist has been a relentless crusader of child rights and his organisation, the Bachpan Bachao Andolan (BBA), has been at the forefront of the drive against child labour in India for years.
Interview: 'The award will benefit the movement'
 
“It was a passion from my childhood to work for children, I carried it forward," said Satyarthi. “I have been very strongly advocating that poverty must not be used as an excuse to continue child labour. It perpetuates poverty. If children are deprived of education, they remain poor.”
Kailash Satyarthi gestures for photographers at this home office after the announcement of him receiving the Nobel Peace Prize, in New Delhi. (AFP Photo)
Satyarthi was trained as an electrical engineer, but he began his work by staging raids on Indian manufacturing, rug-making and other plants where children and their parents often work as bonded labour.
Read:  The highest honour: India’s Nobel Prize connection
 
The Bachpan Bachao Andolan, founded in 1980, has fought child labour by creating domestic and international consumer resistance to products made by bonded children, as well as with direct legal and advocacy work.
 
Building on his initial activism, Satyarthi organised the Global March Against Child Labor in the 1990s -- dedicated to freeing the millions of children abused worldwide in a form of modern slavery.
 
The activist is also founder of RugMark, a widely known international scheme that tags all carpets made in factories that are child-labour free.
Read: Why Kailash Satyarthi deserves the Nobel Peace Prize
 
In 1998, he organised the Global March Against Child Labour across 103 countries, which helped pave the way for an International Labor Organization convention on the worst forms of child labour.
 
He described the plight of children forced into the worst kinds of abusive work in a 2010 interview with the Robert F. Kennedy Centre for Justice and Human Rights.
 
"If they cry for their parents, they are beaten severely, sometimes hanged upside down from trees and even branded or burned with cigarettes," he said.
 
Satyarthi has said his social conscience was awoken when he was six and noticed a boy his age on the steps outside the school with his father, cleaning shoes.
Watch: 'Why I took up the cause of child rights'
Seeing many such children working instead of being educated, he felt an urge as he grew older to solve the problem -- launching him on his career of activism.
 
"I think of it all as a test. This is a moral examination that one has to pass. ... to stand up against such social evils," he said in the Kennedy Centre interview.
 
Through a number of training programmes, Satyarthi also helps children sold to pay off their parents' debts find new lives and serve as agents of prevention within their communities.
 
“The outstanding work that Mr Satyarthi has done over the past 35 years on child labour and trafficking has helped change mindsets and influence communities to protect children’s rights and create a more just society,” Deval Sanghavi, founder of Mumbai-based philanthropic organisation Dasra, told HT.
President Barack Obama on Friday congratulated Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai calling their Nobel “a victory for all who strive to uphold the dignity of every human being”.
Himself a Nobel peace laureate from 2009, Obama also said that despite their difference background, they share an “unshakeable belief in the basic dignity of every girl and boy”.
Read: Satyarthi’s hometown erupts in joy
 
The Bachpan Bachao Andolan was initiated as a grassroot-level and direct-action-oriented people's movement in 1980 to eliminate exploitation of children, especially child labour and child trafficking. The campaign has over 80,000 individuals and 750 organisations as members, who advocate and act for the protection of child rights.
 
One of Satyarthi’s big achievements is the promotion of a consumer awareness campaign in Europe and the US aimed at dissuading consumers from buying carpets made by child labourers and simultaneously endorsing goods produced without exploiting children.
 
Satyarthi uses an array of techniques including lobbying with politicians and knocking on the doors of the Supreme Court, National Human Rights Commission and other judicial institutions for enforcement of child rights laws.

Flipkart - Much ado about nothingFlipkart - Much ado about nothing
By Aparna Mudi |                              Last Updated: Sunday, October 12, 2014 - 00:09
0
Aparna Mudi
 
There is a joke amongst Bengalis – if you want a day off, just start shouting 'cholbe na cholbe na! inqilaab zindabad!', on the streets and the entire city will come to a halt. No one is going to ask you why you are protesting, rather they will just join you. In fact, if you can establish that you are protesting against a meagre 50 paise rise in bus ticket prices, you might get a week off.
This is not trying to belittle real causes about which people protest. This is just a reflection of how much people have a tendency to over-react to situations that don't need attention at all. We, as a country, like our freebies. It is in our nature to ask for free passes for the most coveted performances across the world. We like slashed prices for foreign trips. Travel websites have taken things to such a stage that flying to Malaysia is cheaper than flying to Goa.
This love for getting 'value for money' has become a sort of right for us, which applies to Flipkart's debacle too. A massive sale was organised by the e-commerce website on Monday, and things did not go as planned.
The users hoarded on to the website, trying to make the most of it, and Flipkart was not prepared. With promises of massively low pricing – the website garnered response from across the country. And, not being able to take the massive load on its servers, it crashed. Many complained. So much so, that it became viral on social media.
'Big Billion Day Sale' that was the sales pitch that apparently helped Flipkart garner a massive Rs 600 crore sale in 10 hours on the day, but it received a lot of flak from all and sundry. And the fiasco is still making headlines. Sony, Samsung and other tech giants have planned to take action as the e-commerce sale has directly affected organised retail. They have also said that they may even suspend sales through the website. The entire incident has also sparked off some policy making from the government to regulate online retail as predatory pricing may be an issue in the future.
But, why was there such uproar over a retail website crashing? Did it hurt our sentiments so much? Was it them promising and failing to deliver or was it merely the anger because we were denied of our 'birthright' to freebies.
They were indeed not well prepared, and they have apologised for it. The loss of faith from its customers is a fact that the business will not recover from soon. This is how the markets work. You build up an empire and it takes a lot of blood and sweat to get a sense and provide what your customers need. Unfortunately, they are not as grateful as you would want them to be.
At the other end of the spectrum, I feel we have made a ruckus over a non-issue. It is not as if customers had not faced a problem while placing their orders, they indeed were hassled. But there were so many others who were probably just scouting the website who hopped on the wagon to bash Flipkart too.
India, as a country has taken a pledge to support 'Make in India'. A pledge our Prime Minister Narendra Modi has implored us to undertake, to help the economy grow manifold. It is a sort of a 'swadeshi' movement to make a stand at the global level.
Maybe supporting Flipkart in their times of crisis, instead of blatantly criticising them for succumbing to unprecedented traffic is a little unfair. Though Flipkart mostly sells third party products, the support of 'Make in India' becomes all the more pressing vis-a-vis its comparison of global giant like Amazon and e-bay.
This is a country where online retail has just reached puberty, hence it seems that the glitches are getting apparent. Websites such as Flipkart and Snapdeal are homegrown online retail stores and competing with other global platforms.
And even if it is fair that we are taking them to task for a mistake, it is slanted behaviour on our part that we are not moving on to more pressing issues like unemployment, price rise, women’s rights and other plagues that our country suffers.
 
First Published: Saturday, October 11, 2014 - 13:22
0

Mangalyaan sends picture of Mars moon PhobosMangalyaan sends picture of Mars’ moon Phobos
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 18:35 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:22 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
India’s maiden spacecraft to Mars, Mangalyaan, has captured the image of Phobos, the larger and closer of the two natural satellites of the Red Planet.
Both moons of Mars were discovered in 1877. Phobos, a small, irregularly shaped object with a mean radius of 11km, is seven times larger than Mars' outer moon, Deimos.
“The larger of the two Martian moons, Phobos, is seen travelling west to east over Mars in its typical orbit. The images were taken from an altitude of 66,275km,” Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) said on Facebook on Tuesday.
Did you see that? It moved! Oh, it's just Phobos. https://t.co/vaY7w5JjW0
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) October 14, 2014
On October 7, Mangalyaan had sent a full disc image of Mars, taken by the Mars Color Camera, from an altitude of 66,543km.
The spacecraft had beamed its first photos of Mars’ crater-marked surface a day after India successfully put the probe into the Red Planet’s orbit.
Soon after, Isro had uploaded the regional dust storm activities over northern hemisphere of the Red Planet, captured by Mars Colour Camera.  The image was taken from an altitude of 74,500km from the surface of Mars.
India joined an exclusive global club of deep space explorers on September 24 when the indigenously made spacecraft successfully slipped into the orbit around Mars after a 10-month journey on a relatively shoe-string budget.
Mangalyaan's scientific goals include using five solar-powered instruments to gather data that will help determine how Mars weather systems work and what happened to the water that is believed to have once existed on the planet in large quantities.
It will also search Mars for methane, a key chemical in life processes on Earth that could also come from geological processes.

Explore India: 8 incredible caves8 Incredible Caves in India
Cave exploration provides the most amazing and unusual experience to travellers.
HolidayIQ travellers list 8 incredible caves in India.
This article first originally appeared on HolidayIQ.com
Elephanta Island Caves, Mumbai
These rock-cut old cave temples on the Elephanta Island date back to the Shilhara dynasty of the 9th and 12th century. There are a total of seven caves, which are located at a height of the 76 mt above sea level. Out of all the caves, there is one main cave, which has many large sculptured panels. These panels depict the Hindu god, Lord Shiva. HolidayIQ Traveller Amit Rao says, “It is a one-hour boat ride from the Gateway of India. The boat ride is a thrilling experience.”
Location: The Elephanta Caves are located on the Elephanta Island in the Arabian Sea, 10 km from the Gateway of India.
Best Time To Visit: Tourists can visit this place any time during the year. However, the caves are closed on Monday.

Birla to bid for global assets of Holcim-LafargeTHE PHILIPPINES: LRI’s Bulacan, Norzagaray, and Iligan plants
BRAZIL: 3 integrated cement plants, 2 grinding stations, one ready-mix plant
Source: Holcim website
Birla is not alone in his quest for the global assets of Holcim and Lafarge that generate $4.4 billion of sales and have 10,000 people on rolls. Irish cement maker CRH, Cemex and Germany’s HeidelbergCement and Brazilian firm Votorantim Cimentos SA are also considering a joint bid for the entire portfolio. The bids could also be made for assets in a particular geography and, hence, more than 100 bids are expected from around the world.
At least four marquee private equity firms were also eyeing the entire portfolio, media reports from New York said. BC Partners, Advent and Temasek have teamed up to make a bid; while CVC and the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority are the second group of bidders; Singapore’s GIC, Bain and Onex the third group; and Blackstone, Cinven and Canadian pension fund CPP the fourth consortium.
If Aditya Birla Group wins the race, it will become one of the world’s top cement makers. At present, with a capacity of 62 million tonnes per annum, it is among the largest in India. Rivals Holcim and Lafarge, after their merger in India, will have a combined capacity of 57.5 mtpa.
Kumar Mangalam Birla, 47, has built his $40-billion empire with the help of mergers & acquisitions. In 2003, he took over L&T’s cement business and named it UltraTech, and merged it with the group’s cement business owned by Grasim. UltraTech plans to increase its installed cement capacity to 70 mtpa by early 2016. The company last year agreed to buy Jaiprakash Associates’ cement factory in Gujarat for an enterprise value of Rs 3,800 crore.
In 2007, Birla had made headlines globally when he took over Atlanta-based Novelis. The latest bid by UltraTech and other group companies could top the $6-billion acquisition of Novelis.
Later, in 2011, the group bought Columbia Chemicals for $875 million. It is also planning to offload 30 per cent of its stake in a holding company that will house the group’s retail business. The group also bought Pantaloons from Future group for Rs 1,600 crore.
Both Holcim and Lafarge had announced a list of proposed asset disposals as part of their planned merger on July 7 this year to meet the regulatory requirements of anti-competition authorities. The two are proposing to sell plants in Austria, France, Germany, Hungary, Romania, Serbia and the UK in Europe. Apart from European assets, they were also selling assets in Canada, Mauritius, the Philippines and Brazil.
Both companies will continue to consider whether divestments would be necessary where there might be overlaps, or depending on regulatory requirements. They have not announced sale of any plant in India yet. The divestment process will be completed subject to closing of the Holcim-Lafarge merger, expected to create a cement giant with $44 billion of annual sales and a combined stock market value of $55 billion.
Lafarge SA Chief Executive Officer Bruno Lafont had on October 9 said some bidders might seek to snap up all assets that both companies were selling as the cement producers merged.
"There may be buyers that will make an offer for a large chunk, or for everything in Europe or for the whole set," Lafont told reporters at the company's headquarters in Paris.
Lafarge and Holcim have had 100 expressions of interest for the units for sale and "will probably have a lot of firm bids".
Both companies are about to submit their merger plan and their proposed anti-trust remedies to the European Union competition authority, the Lafarge CEO said.
The planned merger is expected to be closed in the first half of 2015.
With additional inputs from Bloomberg

Sun  Ranbaxy may be asked to sell some businesses for CCI approval to mergerSun, Ranbaxy may be asked to sell some businesses for CCI approval to merger
Sushmi Dey & Nivedita Mookerji | New Delhi Oct 15, 2014 12:57 AM IST
Ranbaxy Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries are likely to be advised to sell parts of their businesses before the Competition Commission of India (CCI) approves their merger.
A source said the competition watchdog would by next month suggest "structural remedies" that included selling key drug segments as conditions for clearing the country's largest pharmaceutical industry merger.
When contacted, both Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy refused to comment.
On April 6, Sun Pharma announced it would buy Ranbaxy from Japan's Daiichi Sankyo in a $4-billion all-share deal. Sun Pharma had then said it expected to close the deal by December.
CCI can take up to 210 days to clear a merger. After that a proposed deal is deemed to have been approved.
"Around five months have gone down since the companies applied for approval. We have written to the companies and sought their responses. They have said they can make changes. We need to close the issue by November-end," a CCI official said.
The competition watchdog is writing to Ranbaxy and Sun Pharma suggesting changes to get the deal going. The regulator will also set up "a monitoring agency to ensure adherence consequent to the order", according to the source.
The regulator had sought comments from the public and stakeholders on the merger following concerns that the presence of both companies in key drug segments could lead to monopoly pricing. Consumer forums have argued the merger could stifle competition.
Industry analysts said there was likely to be significant overlap in Ranbaxy's and Sun Pharma's anti-infective and gastro-intestinal drug businesses. Market shares would also be affected in other therapeutic segments like cardiology, analgesics, respiratory, neurology, the central nervous system and gynaecology.
Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy's combined annual revenue is estimated at $4.2 billion - $1.1 billion of that from sales in India. Once the deal is done, Sun Pharma will be the largest drug maker in the country, with a market share of 9.2 per cent. The merger will create the fifth-largest generic drug company in the world.
Sun Pharma will also acquire Ranbaxy's assets in India and in other countries. These include Ranbaxy's factories at Paonta Sahib (Himachal Pradesh), Dewas (Madhya Pradesh), Mohali and Toansa (Punjab) that were earlier supplying drugs to the US.
The CCI approval will allow Sun Pharma to move ahead with its integration plan. Among the issues it will have to address is attrition at Ranbaxy. The Gurgaon-headquartered company's India office has seen several recent departures. Last week, at least five Ranbaxy executives in the US, including country head Venkatachalam Krishnan and heads of the sales, finance and legal departments, resigned together.
On Tuesday, Sun Pharma shares rose 0.09 per cent from their previous close on BSE to end at Rs 804.30. Ranbaxy's shares declined 0.03 per cent to Rs 598.05.

Meerut  love jihad victim  says she eloped by choiceEYE BROWSE
Meerut ‘love jihad victim’ says she eloped by choice
The alleged case of ‘love jihad’ involving a 20-year-old Meerut woman took a new turn after she retracted her earlier statement that she was raped and forcefully converted to Islam.
Mail Today –  Tue 14 Oct, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: The alleged case of ‘love jihad’ involving a 20-year-old Meerut woman has taken a new turn, after the supposed victim retracted her earlier statement that she was raped and forcefully converted to Islam.
The woman’s U-turn came on Sunday, when she ran away from her parents’ house and approached the local Mahila police station claiming there was a threat to her life from her family.
She later repeated her allegation before a magistrate.
Her case had gained notoriety in August when she was found after reportedly going missing from her house in Sarava village under Kharkhauda police circle.
After “pulling off an escape from her captors”, she told the police that the village head, along with a local youth named Hafiz, had abducted her and forced her to change her religion.
On the basis of her complaint, the police had registered an FIR and subsequently 10 people, including Hafiz, were arrested.
According to the latest complaint, the woman said she fears for her life.
“In her written statement, Sheela (name changed) also said that she had run away with a youth from another community on her own and her parents were unhappy due to this. She said she now fears for her life and has requested that she be moved to a Nari Niketan,” city magistrate Satyaprakash Rai stated in his order.
Before being taken to a Nari Niketan, she told the media: “My parents and family members have been harassing me and beating me because financial aid from netas (politicians) had stopped coming. I do not want to live with them as they want to kill me.”
Her family members, on the other hand, have claimed that she was living happily ever since she returned home.
“But on Sunday morning, a Muslim youth came to our house and forcibly took her along with him. We tried to stop him but he threatened us with dire consequences,” the woman’s mother told the media.
Mail Today has also accessed video footage of a local media outlet (dated August 7) that shows local BJP leader Vineet Agarwal giving Rs 25,000 to the woman’s family and promising assistance in future.
He is also seen demanding Rs 25 lakh compensation for the woman from the state government.
Meanwhile, the BJP preferred to remain mum over the issue. The party had made the issue of ‘love jihad’ a part of its poll campaign in Uttar Pradesh ahead of the recent by-polls, but fared poorly.
State BJP spokesperson Vijay Bahadur Pathak told Mail Today: “It is a matter of investigation as to why the girl gave two contradictory statements and under what conditions.”
Attacking the BJP, a Samajwadi Party spokesperson said: “The BJP and RSS left no stone unturned to instigate communal sentiments on the issue. The statement of the girl has revealed the real faces of those involved in cashing in on communal sentiments for short-term benefits.”
Recommend

Australian novelist Richard Flanagan wins Man Booker prizeAustralian novelist Richard Flanagan wins Man Booker prize
Reuters  London, October 15, 2014
First Published: 07:11 IST(15/10/2014) | Last Updated: 09:31 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
Australian novelist Richard Flanagan said that before winning the prestigious Man Booker prize for literature on Tuesday he had considered becoming a miner because he found it so difficult to make a living at his craft.
Flanagan, 53, won the prestigious 50,000-pound ($79,530) prize for his novel "The Narrow Road to the Deep North", set during the building of the Thailand-Burma "Death Railway" in World War Two.
"I'm not a wealthy man so in essence this means I can continue to write," Flanagan, sipping champagne, told reporters after winning the prize at a ceremony in London.
"A year and a half ago when I finished this book I was contemplating going to get what work I could in a mine in far northern Australia because things had come to such a pass with my writing, I had spent so long on this book," he said.
Australian author Richard Flanagan poses for pictures after winning the 2014 Man Booker Prize for his book "The Narrow Road to the Deep North" in Central London. (AFP Photo)
The book, while not the story of his father, was in some ways a tribute to him. He had been a POW who worked on the infamous railway that claimed the lives of thousands due to the harsh jungle conditions and treatment.
"I grew up as did my five siblings as children of the 'Death Railway'...I realised at a certain point if I was to continue writing I would have to write this book," Flanagan said.
His father died at age 98, the day Flanagan finished "The Narrow Road to the Deep North." He said he had telephoned his father earlier that day to tell him he had sent off the completed manuscript.
Flanagan added that he did not share the view that the novel was dying because, he said, "I think it is one of the great inventions of the human spirit ... and it is one we need because it allows an individual to speak a truth, their truth, without power and money."
Flanagan's sixth novel beat out what jury chairman Anthony Grayling said was a strong short list of six books that for the first time, under a rule change, included works by two Americans, giving rise to fears beforehand that the British prize might come to be dominated by American writers.
Grayling said those fears should now be put to rest and went on to say of the winner that it was rare to run across a book that "hits you so hard in the stomach, like this, that you can't pick up the next one in the pile for a couple of days".
"It's an absolutely superb novel, really outstanding. It's a great work of literature," Grayling said in a briefing before the award was made public.
Flanagan is ranked among Australia's finest novelists and also worked as a writer with director Baz Luhrmann on the 2008 film "Australia".
Grayling, a philosopher, said Flanagan was chosen by consensus of the six-person judging panel. A spokeswoman for the public relations firm representing the prize clarified that Grayling had at one point used his tie-breaker vote "to move the discussion forward," indicating the choice was not unanimous.
The other books on the short list were "We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves" by Karen Jay Fowler (American), "To Rise Again at a Decent Hour" by Joshua Ferris (American), "J" by Howard Jacobson (British), "The Lives of Others" by Neel Mukherjee (British) and "How to be Both" by Ali Smith (British).
In "The Narrow Road to the Deep North," Flanagan takes up the story of Allied prisoners of war used as forced labor by the Japanese to build the notorious railway line. His protagonist is Dorrigo Evans, a doctor and a soldier in the Australian army who is taken prisoner on Java, presumably in 1942.
In the despair of a Japanese POW camp, Evans is haunted by his love affair with his young uncle's wife two years earlier. While struggling to save the men under his command from cholera and beatings, he receives a letter that changes his life forever.
Named after a famous Japanese book by the haiku poet Basho, Grayling said the novel succeeds in showing there are "extra dimensions" to the relationships between the POWs and their guards.
"It's not really a war novel; it's not about people shooting and bombs going off, and so on. It's much more about the people and their relationships," he said.

Snapchat breach exposes flawed premise  security challengeWorld's third largest smartphone vendor Xiaomi is keen on investing in start-ups in India and is scouting for opportunities in Bangalore and Delhi-NCR as it looks to add new features and services to its products.
Snapchat breach exposes flawed premise, security challenge
Reuters
San Francisco, October 15, 2014
First Published: 08:59 IST(15/10/2014)
print
The prospect of tens of thousands of potentially racy Snapchat photos hitting the internet has driven home a simple fact: the mobile app's core feature - delivering photos and videos that vanish seconds after viewing - is flawed.
The negative publicity surrounding that speculation has spurred criticism about its lax security. But whether this will affect the valuation of the 3-year-old Silicon Valley start-up as it seeks another round of funding remains to be seen.
A range of venture capitalists and tech insiders say they believe it will not, for now. One person close to the company's fundraising efforts who asked not to be named said Snapchat is still expecting a $10 billion valuation in the current funding round, one of the startup industry's richest and the same level being
considered by investors before news of the breach surfaced last week.
"Once a company is hot, investors will be keen to continue investing unless the issue seems to be life-threatening," said Anand Sanwal, chief executive of venture capital consultancy CB Insights.
The brouhaha has not yet hurt the popularity of Snapchat among teenagers, partly because no mass publication of leaked photos has materialized. The messaging service remained among the five most-downloaded photo and video apps over the weekend, according to analytics service App Annie.
The issue arose last week when hacker forums claimed unknown parties had created a file holding at least 100,000 stolen Snapchat photos, including many of minors, that could end up being posted online. The anticipated event, dubbed "the snappening," was widely reported, including by Reuters.
While Snapchat said its servers were not breached, it confirmed that rogue third-party apps have been storing its users' pictures. That points to a longer-term challenge for the Los Angeles company: its inability to fully block the external parties it blames for undermining its business.
THE SNAPPENING
Even before any talk of "the snappening," security experts were faulting Snapchat for what they call a cavalier approach toward privacy, which may have given users a false sense of comfort.
The third-party apps, which allow users to enter their Snapchat password and log-in information, connect to the main service and provide unauthorized features such as image-saving.
Such software can be pernicious since the people whose pictures are stored are often unaware of the privacy breach by the downloaders of the third-party apps.
Snapchat does not allow other apps to interact with its service, but many developers manage to break the rules. The company says it monitors for such "illegal" apps
and has succeeded in removing some culprits from Google and Apple app stores.
One website, Snapsaved.com, claimed on Monday on its Facebook page that its servers had been hacked and that intruders had accessed its trove of Snapshot photos.
"Any application that isn't ours but claims to offer Snapchat services violates our Terms of Use and can't be trusted," Snapchat warned in a Tuesday blogpost.
But Snapchat should have been able to detect multiple requests for information originating from external services, or to detect when users were alternately logging on from different apps, cybersecurity experts said.
In addition, Snapchat used very elementary encryption to protect photos and videos on its service, said Chris Wysopal,  chief technology officer of Veracode, a firm specializing in testing apps for security vulnerabilities.
Instead of requiring two separate cryptographic keys to access images transmitted across Snapchat, the service relied on a single universal key that unlocked everything, "the bare minimum," he said.
"Someone who knew what they were doing, probably in a few hours could reverse-engineer it, find the key and write a program to decrypt the photos as they go over the network."
In May, Snapchat settled charges with U.S. regulators accusing it of deceiving customers by promising that photos on its service disappeared forever. The US Federal Trade Commission also faulted Snapchat for storing unencrypted videos on users' phones, which could be accessed by connecting the device to a personal computer.
Still, even the best security measures could leave Snapchat playing an unwinnable cat-and-mouse game with hackers.
At a very basic level, Snapchat cannot stop anyone from taking a photo of a photo. Anyone who receives a Snapchat image on the phone can use another camera to capture the screen picture, said Michael Coates, director of product security at Shape Security.
Still, Snapchat may have little to worry in the near term, at least on the valuation front, industry insiders say.
David Cowan, a partner at Bessemer Venture Partners, which has not invested in Snapchat but has backed other consumer startups like dating service Zoosk and online bulletin board Pinterest, said Snapchat has little to worry about. 
"These types of breaches will definitely stop people from using Snapchat," Cowan said, "until they have a really cool picture to share."

Retailers stumble as traffic heads to e-commerce sitesRetailers stumble as traffic heads to e-commerce sites
BS Reporters | Mumbai / New Delhi / Bangalore / Chennai / Kolkata Oct 15, 2014 12:50 AM IST
 
Just days after the October 6 ‘Big Billion Day’ sale hosted by e-commerce company Flipkart , followed by American biggie Amazon’s week-long dhamaka up to this Thursday, the online buzz is getting louder even across physical stores and malls ahead of Diwali, the peak spending season in India.
Business Standard reporters checked prominent shopping destinations in Delhi and the National Capital Region, Mumbai, Kolkata, Bangalore and Chennai to assess shoppers’ mood and how physical retail was responding to the deep discounts offered by their online rivals.
There are still some days for Diwali and e-commerce is only 2-3% of the country's total retail scene. However, the online disruption is out in the open, as this multi-city check showed. Brick and mortar outlets on high streets and inside malls are trying to hold on to the business that has been theirs alone for years, through lower prices and deals. But, most admit, offline discounts can hardly ever match what’s on offer online, against which the trade is already up in arms. Physical retailers are blaming online players for getting “more enquiry and less sales” at their stores. A ‘special offer inside’ sign prominently displayed at a show and apparel showroom in an East Delhi mall didn’t help much last weekend, for instance. “Sales have dipped by 20-30 per cent and footfalls by five to seven per cent compared to the same period last year,” says the store manager, Suman Kumar. A flat 25 per cent off was on offer.
PRICE WAR
E-commerce is about 2-3% of the total retail scene in the country
Wary of tough competition, brick and mortar stores are trying to hold on to their business through lower prices and deals
However, most admit, offline discounts can hardly ever match what’s on offer online
At an electronics store in the heart of the city, Connaught Place, usually over-crowded, sales were down. “Earlier, the footfall to conversion ratio was 25-30 per cent. It has dropped to 15-18 per cent. As things stand, we are staring at a dip in sales in the region of 10 per cent during the festive season,” said an executive.
On the outskirts of Mumbai, a large mall in Thane looked rather dull last Sunday, given that it is normally chock-a-block with shoppers during the pre-Diwali weekends. “The number of shoppers is indeed less. But our loyal customers are still shopping from the store, as many like our after-sales service, and guidance,” said an executive at an electronics chain. The reason is clear. The store sells a particular brand of a Nokia phone at Rs 15,000, double the price on Amazon during the Diwali offer.
At another prominent mall in Mumbai, store managers are optimistic. “We will get back our customers. We always give better deals,” he says.
Harkirat Singh, managing director of footwear brand Woodland, says they're seeing a 10-12 per per cent growth in sales in the run-up to Diwali, as against an expectation of 25 per cent. “E-commerce firms are giving huge discounts and shoppers come to stores asking for such discounts. We cannot give these due to our cost structures,” he said. Woodland has, however, started offering separate lines for e-commerce portals and offline stores, to attract shoppers on both platforms. “We have to live with online discounts. We have to see how we can minimise the impact with different lines,” Singh added.
Perhaps responding to the series of online sales, stores in Bangalore unleashed Diwali discounts and deals ahead of time. Shopping centres such as at Jayanagar, JP Nagar, Indira Nagar, MG Road, Brigade Road, Commercial Street and Majestic offered discounts of 10-50 per cent on readymade garments, footwear, consumer durables, electronics and household articles. Mantri Mall, Orion Mall, Garuda Mall, Forum Mall, Gopalan Mall and Bangalore Central, among other leading ones, were decked for Diwali, with food festivals and shopping carnivals.
A leading consumer durables and electronics retail outlet in Bangalore has launched its annual Diwali Mega Festival Sale with gifts and prizes worth Rs 11 crore. It is distributing 25 cars free for lucky-dip winners. In all, the shop is offering 55,555 prizes over one and a half months. A store manager said, “Customers would like to touch and feel the products, which is possible only in physical shops and we offer that experience.”
Besides, there are other schemes—for example, popular apparel brands are offering freebies on purchase of goods worth Rs  4,000, Rs 7,999, etc. A mobile phone retailer was offering 100 per cent cash back on purchase of select smartphones, while some others gave away gold coins, watches and trolley bags on shopping of select goods.
In Kolkata, retailers are feeling the online heat, particularly in the electronic goods segment. Sales of electronic goods during the festive season has been down 35-40 per cent in the city, according to Sushil Poddar, vice-president, Confederation of West Bengal Trade Association. “People come to retail shops only to see the product and note specifications. We are taking up the issue with the government, as e-commerce sites are adversely affecting the sales,” he said.
Across other categories as well, discounts and promotional offers seem to have emerged as a key to compete with online sales. According to a spokesperson of Big Bazaar in Kolkata, the company’s festive season sales began as early as the end of August. “Till date, during the festive season, sales in the fashion segment saw an 11 per cent increase over last year’s festive sales. In the food segment, the sales grew 15 per cent, while overall growth in the eastern region was 12 per cent this festive season over last year.’’
Offline retailers have been hurt but it is difficult to put a number to the business loss due to online discounts. Yet, Kishore Biyani, chief executive of Future Group, has said: “E-commerce has captured the mind share of customers, (though) not the market share…Who will not buy a product if you offer a 50 per cent discount?”
Adding: “You cannot undercut prices and kill local trade.” Even so, his Future Group has announced a tie-up to sell its private labels on Amazon.
In Chennai, the Diwali enthusiasm has been dampened more by the political uncertainty (the state chief minister was convicted recently of making illegal money), rather than the rise of e-commerce, analysts said. At T Nagar, shopping hub of Chennai, the sentiment is low. The hope is that the mood will pick up closer to Diwali, when enquiries and footfalls are likely to convert into purchases.
The e-commerce sites have had no major impact on apparel retailers in Chennai so far, said G Venugopal, heading the Naidu Hall Family Store, a known apparel brand in the city. However, electronics is one segment that seems to have been hit all across the country due to the online discounts. To beat this impact, a consumer electronics chain in the city has came out with a Diwali offer for a week, with a scheme in which one could pay Rs 1 and take favourite products home.
Speaking of sales across the country, Alok Dubey, chief executive officer (CEO), Arvind Lifestyle Brands, which retails brands such as US Polo and Arrow, said footfalls had reduced and Diwali sales could be impacted. “We will withdraw our brands from e-commerce portals if they continue to discount these,” he said.
Himanshu Chakrawarti, CEO of Essar-owned The MobileStore, said: “The massive uplift which is normally there during Diwali season is not that sharp this time.” The impact of online sales will be sharper, going ahead, he said. “We need to make ourselves sharper.” That explains the company's adline -- "We beat online like no one else can."
That said, the next quarterly numbers for retail companies are expected to be robust and they are likely to post revenue growth of 15-33% in the quarter, said analysts. Titan is expected to gain due to closure of gold deposit schemes, as most of the redemption money will be used to buy jewellery. Both Shoppers Stop and Future Retail are likely to post double-digit same-store sales growth (SSSG) in the quarter.
"We expect Future Retail to witness SSSG of 12 per cent and Shoppers Stop to report SSSG of 16% and eight per cent in the departmental and HyperCity segment, respectively," says Bharat Chhoda of ICICI Securities. End-season sales and an improved demand environment at the onset of the festive season are key reasons.
(Reporting by Raghavendra Kamath & Sheetal Agarwal from Mumbai, Mahesh Kulkarni from Bangalore, Mayank Mishra from New Delhi, Namrata Acharya from Kolkata and Gireesh Babu in Chennai)

Snapdeal to raise $600-$650 mn investment: S...Online retailer Snapdeal to raise $600-$650 mn investment: Sources
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 06.16PM IST
0
Share More
Online retailer Snapdeal is close to raising $600 million to $650 million from existing investors, led by Japan's SoftBank Corp, to expand operations.
ET SPECIAL:
NEW DELHI: Online marketplace Snapdeal may soon raise $650 million from existing and new investors, including Japan's SoftBank Corp, to beef up its operations, with Flipkart and Amazon snapping at its heels.
According to sources, Snapdeal is expected to announce the deal in the next few days.
This will be the second largest funding in the country's booming e-commerce space, after Flipkart's $1 billion deal in July this year.
When contacted, Snapdeal spokesperson said: "The company does not comment on speculation."
Snapdeal has raised about $400 million since its inception. In May this year, the city-based firm had raised $100 million (about Rs 600 crore) from Temasek, BlackRock Inc, Myriad, Premji Invest and Tybourne.
In February, it had received funding worth $133.7 million (about Rs 830 crore) from its existing investors, eBay and others.
Snapdeal, which has seen 600 per cent growth year-on-year for the past two years, currently houses over 5 million products across 500 diverse categories from over 50,000 sellers.
Indian e-commerce firms, big and small, have been receiving funding and interest from private equity firms as well as industry veterans like Ratan Tata and Azim Premji.
This has further fuelled competition in the strongly contested e-commerce segment in India, which is estimated to be worth about $3 billion currently.
After Flipkart's $one billion announcement, global giant Amazon announced a $2 billion investment in its Indian operations as it looks to woo more Indians to shop on its website.
A report by consulting firm Technopak pegs the $2.3 billion e-tailing market to reach $32 billion by 2020.
Another report by consultancy firm PwC and industry body Assocham suggests that e-commerce firms are expected to spend up to $1.9 billion by 2017-2020 on infrastructure, logistics and warehousing.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Challenged by Modi s BJP  will Raj and Uddhav Thackeray  unite Comments
The five-cornered election in Maharashtra will have its share of surprises and is expected to be the start of new political arrangements. But what everyone wants to know is whether the warring Thackeray cousins will finally reunite, albeit for political reasons.
Polls pundits say the possibility of the two joining hands is higher after the Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) parted ways. The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) looks more like a natural alliance for the Sena in case the latter gets significant numbers (at least 145 seats) and needs help to form the government, experts said.
Further fuelling the speculation, MNS chief Raj Thackeray disclosed a conversation he had with Uddhav Thackeray the day the Sena-BJP alliance broke. However, Uddhav has remained silent on the issue.
Both parties have similar agendas and a possibility of them coming together on a common programme that hinges on regional politics, concentrated around issues of the Marathi manoos and sons of the soil, cannot be ruled out, experts said.
During a press meet on Monday, Raj hinted on the possibility of the parties uniting. He said Maharashtra-based regional parties should form a regional party’s federation, which will be a united pool of parties that will work on local issues.
When asked about Sena, Raj claimed that they will come together if they have to.
Sena leader Diwakar Raote, however, said they were not discussing post-poll scenarios and are waiting for the results. “Uddhavji is very clear that we will get a majority and the next Maharashtra CM will be from the Sena. If there is anything, we will know after the results,” Raote said.
For now the Sena is busy concentrating on damaging chances of the BJP. Also, the MNS doesn’t hold the same power it did in 2009, when it damaged the prospects of the Sena-BJP candidates by cutting into several seats across Mumbai and Thane.
In the Lok Sabha elections, MNS candidates lost the 10 seats they had contested. Also, Sena has 44 seats in the Assembly, compared to MNS’ 13.
Political expert Surendra Jondhale said Raj’s willingness to talk to the Sena was welcomed by MNS voters, who may be shifting their loyalties to the Sena in the current scenario. “Raj has improved his political image, which will get him votes. He has come across as a large-hearted person, someone who cares for the Sena and his cousin. A possibility of the Sena, NCP and MNS coming together can’t be ruled out,” said Jondhale.

SBI links free ATM usage to balance  branch ...SBI links free ATM usage to balance, branch visits
By Mayur Shetty, TNN | 15 Oct, 2014, 12.46PM IST
0
Share More
SBI said that it will limit the number of branch withdrawals to four a month for those maintaining balances of up to Rs 25,000. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) has reviewed its ATM usage charges, allowing more free transactions to those who avoid visiting its branches, and unlimited transactions for those with large balances.
In its latest directive on ATM charges applicable from November 1, SBI said that it will limit the number of branch withdrawals to four a month for those maintaining balances of up to Rs 25,000.
For customers maintaining an average monthly balance of Rs 25,000 and above, the bank will provide unlimited usage of its own ATM network, but will limit access to third-party ATMs to three transactions a month. The bank will also increase the number of free transactions on its home network from five to nine if the customer does not visit a branch during the month.
For those who maintain average balances of over Rs 1 lakh, the bank will provide unlimited access to all ATMs across the country. However, those customers whose balances are less than Rs 25,000 will face the limit of five transactions on their home bank ATMs and three transactions on other banks' machines. Those who exceed the limit will pay Rs 5 per transaction at SBI's ATMs and Rs 20 at machines belonging to other banks.
The new charge structure follows an RBI directive that allowed banks to reduce the number of free ATM transactions on their own networks and other bank's networks to five and three respectively. The limits are applicable only in six major cities — Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bangalore and Hyderabad. Elsewhere, the earlier limit of five free transactions will continue.
SBI's 12.59 crore cardholders account for 31% of the 40.9 crore debit cards in the country. Its 44,929 ATMs form 27% of the 1.66 lakh machines installed in India and its cardholders are responsible for over 41% of all ATM transactions in the country.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Ebola infection rate could reach 10 000 a weekEbola infection rate could reach 10,000 a week
AFP
The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Tuesday the Ebola infection rate could soon reach 10,000 a week as world leaders prepared to hold talks on the crisis at the United Nations.
   
WHO assistant director general Bruce Aylward, describing his figures as a working forecast, said the epidemic "could reach 5,000 to 10,000 cases per week by the first week of December".
Spanish medics Marta Arsuaga Vicente (L), Fernando de la Calle and Maria del Mar Lago (R), who are treating Ebola-infected Spanish nurse Teresa Romero, chat in a corridor of Carlos III Hospital in Madrid. (AFP Photo)
The latest death toll is 4,447, from 8,914 recorded cases of infection, Aylward said as the epidemic spirals in the three hardest-hit west African countries of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
   
While the figures suggest a survival rate of 50%, they mask the true picture, Aylward said, adding: "What we're finding is 70% mortality" in all three countries.
   
The United Nations was due to hold talks later Tuesday on a public health crisis that the WHO has called the "most severe in modern times".
   
On Monday, US President Barack Obama and UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon called for the international campaign against the haemorrhagic virus to be intensified.
   
Meanwhile, a 56-year-old Sudanese doctor who had worked as a UN volunteer in Liberia died of Ebola on Monday night after arriving in Germany last week for treatment.
   
'No one taking care of us'
   
In Liberia, doctors and nurses pressed on with a strike demanding danger money to treat Ebola patients as the government threatened to fire them.
   
"Those who stay home... will be replaced and will never come back to work," health minister Walter Gwenigale said on state radio.
   
Ninety-five Liberian health workers have died so far in the epidemic, and their surviving colleagues want pay commensurate with the acute risk of dealing with Ebola, which spreads through contact with bodily fluids and for which there is no vaccine or widely available treatment.
   
In the face of the strike, the local office of the WHO said it was "very concerned for the safety and well-being of the Ebola patients, and urges the health workers to continue with their work".
   
In the capital Monrovia, a hospital patient quoted on local radio described scenes of desolation, with the sick deserted by striking staffers.
The unnamed man said patients who could still walk were climbing over the fence to escape from the treatment unit.
   
At least two cases of contamination have been reported beyond west Africa, in the United States and Europe.
   
Read: India ramps up Ebola screening at airports
   
In Dallas, a nurse who tested positive after caring for a Liberian Ebola patient -- who died last Wednesday -- is in isolation and said to be in stable condition.
   
A Spanish nurse, Teresa Romero, 44, is thought to have caught Ebola while treating an elderly missionary who was infected in Sierra Leone and died on September 25.
   
A doctor at the specialist tropical disease hospital Carlos III in Madrid told reporters: "Statistics show that usually the disease is most deadly up to the 13th or 14th day. Now it is one day after that, so that is good."
   
$25mn for 'heroic work'
   
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg on Tuesday announced a $25 million donation to the US Centers for Disease Control Foundation to help US efforts to contain the epidemic.
   
"Grants like this directly help the frontline responders in their heroic work," Zuckerberg said on his Facebook page.
   
British troops began loading a ship that will set sail for Sierra Leone later this week to help in efforts to contain the outbreak.
   
The civilian-staffed military ship will travel with three helicopters, air crews and engineers to provide transport and support to medical teams and aid workers.
   
Measures have been introduced in the United States, Canada and Britain to screen for possible Ebola infections among passengers arriving at airports from African countries hit by the virus.
   
Asian aviation hub Singapore said it would also step up Ebola screening for passengers arriving at Changi Airport.
   
The UN nuclear agency said it would send specialised equipment to the west African countries hit by the Ebola outbreak to help faster diagnosis.
   
The machine uses the so-called Reverse Transcriptase Polymerase Chain Reaction technology that allows the Ebola virus "to be detected within a few hours, while other methods require growing on a cell culture for several days before a diagnosis is determined", the IAEA said.
   
"Early diagnosis... if combined with appropriate medical care, increases the victims' chance of survival and helps curtail the spread of the disease by making it possible to isolate and treat the patients earlier," it said in a statement.

Delhi L-G reviews progess of various schemesNEW DELHI, October 15, 2014
Updated: October 15, 2014 13:00 IST
Delhi L-G reviews progess of various schemes
Staff Reporter
Tweet
With two quarters of the current financial year over, Lieutenant-Governor Najeeb Jung on Tuesday conducted a detailed and comprehensive review of various schemes and projects announced in the Delhi Budget.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Secretary, Principal Secretaries, and secretaries of departments, including Health and Family Welfare, Home, Education, Social Welfare, and Women and Child Development, Food and Civil Supplies, Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board, Urban Development, Transport, Delhi Jal Board, Public Works Department, and the Power Department.
“The L-G fixed deadlines for several ongoing and upcoming projects. The schemes and projects related to power and water reforms were taken up on a priority basis. The proposal for power reforms is being implemented by the Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd. The L-G directed the Chief Secretary to ensure that the six-month timeline is strictly adhered to,” an official said.
“For water reforms, the Delhi government is pursuing the matter with the Ministry of Water Resources. The L-G directed the Chief Secretary and the CEO (DJB) to appoint a nodal officer from the DJB to pursue the matter .”
Health Department officialsinformed the L-G that a one-stop centre for crisis management and rehabilitation of victims of sexual assault has been started at Sanjay Gandhi Hospital and Deen Dayal Upadhayay Hospital. “One-stop centres will also be started at Guru Tegh Bahadur and Lok Nayak Hospital by November 2014. Seven more such centres are being finalised,” another official said.
Directing the department heads to monitor the progress regularly, the L-G said, “The secretaries must take ownership for each scheme and project.”

25 percent polling for Kandhamal LS bypoll in first four hrs25 percent polling for Kandhamal LS bypoll in first four hrs
Samsung Galaxy Note 4: S Pen  16MP camera are big attractionsHi Guest
Samsung Galaxy Note 4: S Pen, 16MP camera are big attractions
Image: Bollywood actress Gul Panag with Asim Varsi, VP, Mobile & IT, Samsung India and SK Kim (R), MD, Sales, Samsung India during the launch of Galaxy Note 4 in New Delhi. Photograph: Atul Yadav/PTI Samsung Electronics on Tuesday launched the Galaxy Note 4 phablet and the Gear S smartwatch in New Delhi for Rs 58,300 and 28,900, respectively.  The Note 4 will hit the market on Friday, when the Apple iPhone 6 also goes on sale, while there is no word yet on when you could buy the Gear ...

US bid for oil supremacy shakes crude marketUS bid for oil supremacy shakes crude market
Asian markets edgy on growth worries  $ upAsian markets edgy on growth worries  $ up
Maharashtra polls: Uddhav Thackeray positive about increase in voter turnoutMaharashtra polls: Uddhav Thackeray positive about increase in voter turnout
Today is the day i will and#8230;Today is the day i will and#8230;
India prepares to launch its third navigation satelliteIndia prepares to launch its third navigation satellite
A gamble after calculationsUpdated: October 14, 2014 01:48 IST
A gamble after calculations
state politics
Amid the confusing campaigns by rival parties, Narendra Modi has been able to consolidate a vote base for the BJP in Maharashtra, mobilising enough majoritarian sentiment without making any controversial statements and promising instant development
“Na praant-waad, na jati-waad, na bhasha-waad; sirf aur sirf vikas-waad, vikas-waad, vikas-waad,” has been a tagline Prime Minister Narendra Modi invariably delivered at a higher pitch, in 26 rallies across Maharashtra over the last 10 days. “Say no to regionalism, caste and linguistic politics; let us only have politics of development, development, development.”
Aided by his close lieutenant and party president Amit Shah, Mr. Modi has been out to change Indian politics. By breaking the alliance with the oldest ally of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the Shiv Sena, the Modi-Shah combine has taken a huge risk — neither blame, nor glory would be shared with anyone else.
The gamble was based on some good political calculations. “The educated people are all with Mr. Modi. It is stupid of the Congress to say that he has not done anything in five months. I will wait for three years before I say whether Mr. Modi has delivered or not,” said Chandrakant Raskar, 60-year-old owner of a motorcycle garage in Saswad, a village near Baramati, the hometown of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar. Mr. Raskar, however, is planning to vote for the Sena candidate in his constituency, where he says the BJP’s candidate is weak. Even many Sena voters such as Mr. Raskar trust Mr. Modi. “He will investigate and send Congress, NCP leaders to jail.”
A Modi focus
“Mr. Modi has done everything right so far. His popularity remains intact,” says Suhas Palshikar, professor of political science, Pune University.
The idea of a multi-cornered contest in Maharashtra may be restricted to sound bites.
Realising this, the Thackeray cousins — Shiv Sena (SS) chief Uddhav and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) Raj — have focussed their campaign almost entirely on Mr. Modi, trying to portray the BJP’s Maharashtra project as a Gujarati conspiracy to take control of the State and reminiscent of the Mughal invasion of the Maratha kingdom in the 17th century. Mr. Modi’s tagline, in tune with the pan-Indian narrative that he has been creating, is an emphatic rebuttal of SS-MNS politics. “There is a strong middle class among the Marathis and Mr. Modi is more appealing to them than any Marathi sentiment,” says Prof. Palshikar.
“Pitching one linguistic group against another will not have any pan-Maharashtra appeal in any case,” points out Sudheendra Kulkarni, political analyst and Chairman, Observer Research Foundation, Mumbai.
Appeal to Marathi pride
But Mr. Modi himself is aware of Marathi pride as an electoral factor and has appealed to Marathi sentiments by invoking symbols and memories that the region is associated with. The BJP’s big push is also backed up by the maturing of a project of canvassing the backward caste population — known as the “Madhav” formula, in which Malis, Dhangars and Vanjaris, three prominent Other Backward Classes (OBC) communities, were mobilised. Gopinath Munde, a Vanjari, had emerged as a pan-Maharashtra leader in the process; despite his demise recently, the process continues to galvanise the BJP. In all his speeches, Mr. Modi paid tributes to Mr. Munde.
Pushed to a corner, Uddhav Thackeray has shown an aggressive streak through the campaign, which is a sign of hope for the Shiv Sena. His predominantly young audience — unlike Mr. Modi’s that comprises a mix of all age groups — watches the leader with some curiosity and possibly a tad of scepticism, as a picture of his son Aditya Thackeray and then his father and Shiv Sena founder Bala Saheb flash on the screen behind him. In Pune city last week, he concluded his speech by invoking Bala Saheb. “You love me not because I am Uddhav, but because I am Uddhav Balasaheb Thackeray,” he said as the crowd clapped in approval. But his entire plan to moderate the Shiv Sena has been ruined, as he tries hard to challenge the BJP’s “Hindutva” credentials. “The BJP has compromised Hindutva. But we haven’t,” he repeats. The projection of his 24-year-old son as successor reinforces the narrative that Mr. Modi has woven — all other parties are corrupt and dynastic. Cousin Raj is not having an easy time as he echoes Uddhav Thackeray in his speeches. “Why is Mr. Modi starting a bullet train between Mumbai and Ahmedabad? Why not to Chennai, Delhi or Kolkata?” he asked a rally in the suburbs of Mumbai last week. From an outfit that grew by abusing Hindi-speakers, and which shared the legacy of the Sena’s campaign against South Indians, this did not sound particularly appealing. Mr. Modi has also rammed home the point that the Sena outfits have been extortionists.
Congress strategy
While the Thackerays are fanning regional, linguistic emotionalism, the Congress is comforted by the fact that its 15-year rule, in alliance with the NCP , is less of a discussion point. “With the Sena and MNS focussing on the drawbacks of the BJP and trying to rake up Marathi sentiments, anti-incumbency is no longer the primary determinant of people’s decision,” says Sanjay Nirupam, Congress spokesperson. “Mr. Modi is possibly more a liability than an asset for the BJP in Maharashtra.”
The Congress’s strategy is to keep its voter base intact, which, if it happens, can give the party some relief in a situation of a multi-cornered contest. But this calculation is based on the assumption that there is no significant anti-incumbency in the State, which is certainly not the case. The only thing working for the Congress is the fact that splitting with the NCP has helped the party recover some ground, aided by the perception that former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan is an honest person, and the enthusiasm generated among the cadres by the decision to contest alone. But Mr. Chavan’s “honest but ineffective” tag is akin to the image that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had before the Lok Sabha election.
The Shah-Modi campaign
Amid these self-doubting parties and their confusing campaigns, Mr. Modi has been able to consolidate a vote base for the BJP, mobilising enough majoritarian sentiment without making any controversial statements, projecting his tough cop image and promising instant development, in his characteristic sharp campaign. At a rally in Pimpri near Pune, and before his arrival, a recorded speech of Mr. Modi narrated the “killing of terrorist Ishrat Jahan” by the “effective Gujarat police.” Later, stressing the importance of a single party majority, he said: “When I went to the U.S., everyone was forced to listen because I am a Prime Minister with the complete mandate of the people. Now, I have no excuse to make for not delivering. I will deliver and when I seek your votes in 2019, I will count my achievements to you …Who says change cannot happen? Change has already begun to happen.”
Mr. Amit Shah, who has himself addressed 18 rallies, has been micromanaging the election with 55 coordinators — senior leaders of the party such as Union Minister for Petroleum and Natural Gas Dharmendra Pradhan and Bhupinder Yadav — put in charge of a cluster of 5 to 8 Assembly constituencies each. Under them are placed 280 Assembly segment level coordinators, mostly from outside the State. The entire BJP machinery that micromanaged the highly successful Uttar Pradesh parliamentary campaign has been supplanted to Maharashtra.
“The handicap of the BJP is that there is no State level leader who commands a wide appeal. But then no party has it,” says Mr. Kulkarni.
Multi-cornered?
Unaware of the differentiated anti-incumbency that affects him more than the Congress, NCP leader Ajit Pawar evidently overplayed his hand, by deciding to go it alone. The public sentiment against the NCP is at play. The Thackeray cousins are peddling the regional-linguistic card with limited impact, and in any case, both cannot have the same plank for a long time into the future. The MNS and the NCP are fighting hard to postpone their extinction, and the NCP, with its deep-rooted network of mofussil interest groups that sustains it, may be more successful than the MNS in achieving that.
With two parties — the NCP and the Congress — facing strong anti-incumbency, and two others — the SS and the MNS — struggling to offer any positive narrative, Mr. Modi comes across as the only messenger of hope. That is likely to ensure that the idea of a multi-cornered contest in Maharashtra may be restricted to sound bites. The BJP’s edge over the others is not easy to miss in Maharashtra.
varghese.g@thehindu.co.in

Decision to aggressively retaliate against Pakistan taken by PM Modi himselfAjit Doval
(The CCS was not convened…)
NEW DELHI: In another example of how decision-making process has changed under the BJP-led government, Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not convene a meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) before deciding to aggressively retaliate to Pakistan's shelling last week.
The decision was taken by Modi himself in consultation with National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval . The CCS was not convened but, according to top government officials, home minister Rajnath Singh, external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj and defence minister Arun Jaitley , all members of CCS, were kept in the loop and informed about the decision.
"There was no time to convene the CCS. Rajnath Singh and Sushma Swaraj were busy with their campaign schedule for assembly elections. Jaitley was still at AIIMS, waiting to be discharged. The PM believes in action and not wasting critical time in convening meetings," said a senior officer from the country's security establishment. More pertinently, he added, the government did not have compulsions of coalition partners, and the PM had the mandate to take quick decisions at critical times.
The decision to "give a free hand" to BSF, guarding the border with Pakistan, was taken by Modi and Doval. It was Doval who is believed to have conveyed the decision to home secretary Anil Goswami for immediate action. In conventional governance under previous regimes, the CCS meeting was a must to take decisions on matters related to national security. The CCS usually comprised the PM, ministers of home, foreign affairs, defence and finance. NSA, cabinet secretary and secretaries of ministries concerned generally attended the meetings. This time, the government was in no mood to wait for CCS members to get together and decide on the response to unprovoked firing and shelling by Pakistan from across the border. "The NDA government under Atal Bihari Vajpayee paid the price for the delay caused by the routine of convening the CCS during the IC 814 hijacking in 1999. Modi demands quick action and response," the official explained. Sources said that both the PM and the NSA were on the same page.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IndiGo places largest global order for 250 A-320 neo jets with Airbus320neo jets
(While the airline has received…)
NEW DELHI: IndiGo, India's biggest domestic airline by market share, has signed a blockbuster agreement with Airbus for 250 A320neos, the planemaker's single biggest order for such aircraft. The deal is worth $25.7 billion at a list price of $103 million apiece, although carriers typically negotiate lower rates for bulk orders.
Under the agreement, the airline has the right to buy another 100 planes. Aditya Ghosh, president of IndiGo, justified the size of the order. "We have always maintained that air penetration in the Indian market is lower than countries like the Philippines and a lot more needs to be done to increase capacity in the Indian market," he said in a phone interview. The no-frills airline emerged on the Indian aviation scene in 2005-06 with an order for 100 Airbus A320 aircraft. In January 2011, it topped this by ordering 180 A320neos, then the biggest commercial plane order by volume in aviation history.
That order worth $15 billion at list prices is still pending.
IndiGo's big-ticket orders feed into its strategy of rotating the fleet to keep it young besides beefing up earnings through the sale and leaseback of planes, helping it become the only Indian carrier to consistently declare profits while rivals have suffered. However, FY14 profit halved to Rs 317 crore from Rs 787 crore in the previous year. The company is slated for an initial public offering and has hired four investment banks toward this end.
The IndiGo fleet expansion plan comes amid the entry of new players and an industry transformation that began in 2012, when the government changed the rules to allow overseas airline companies to invest in domestic carriers that badly needed cash to expand and repay debt. While Vijay Mallya-run Kingfisher Airlines was forced to stop flying in October 2012, Etihad has invested $379 million to buy a 24 per cent stake in Jet. AirAsia India recently began operations and Vistara, jointly owned by the Tata Group and Singapore Airlines, will soon be entering the market.
"The (IndiGo-Airbus) deal is a strong indicator of the long-term potential of the Indian civil aviation market despite severe shortterm challenges," said Amber Dubey, partner and India head of aerospace and defence at global consultancy KPMG.
The size of this order and sales to other carriers could persuade Airbus to set up facilities in India." We hope that given their stupendous success in India, Airbus may consider expanding their presence in India to MRO (maintenance, repair, and overhaul), component manufacturing and maybe, aircraft assembly one day, a la China," Dubey said.
Airbus and Boeing, the world's leading plane makers, compete aggressively for orders. Insiders speak of how this was the case with IndiGo's initial order as well. "Boeing tries very hard to compete, but it has become a pattern that we win the order," said Kiran Rao, Airbus executive vicepresident of strategy and marketing, over the phone. He refused to divulge the deal's financial details. "I'm not going to discuss pricing. Don't even go there," he said. While IndiGo has received 99 aircraft from the 100-aircraft order, delivery of the 180-aircraft order will begin shortly.
"The additional aircraft will enable us to continue to bring our low fares... and create more job opportunities and growth," Ghosh said. Industry sources said deliveries of the latest order are expected to begin in 2018, following the completion of the 180-aircraft order.
 
The airline was founded in 2005 by Rahul Bhatia's InterGlobe Enterprises and Rakesh Gangwal, who formerly headed US Airways. Bhatia was ET's entrepreneur of the year in 2011.
IndiGo has a fleet of 83 planes, managed by an efficient rotation strategy, selling old planes to lessors before taking delivery of new ones.
Newer planes mean low maintenance costs. Rao said the 320neos have the lowest fuel burn rate in comparison with peers, significant in a country where taxes on aviation turbine fuel are among the highest in the world. India will require 1,200 new aircraft in the next 20 years, according to Airbus. Rao expects more orders to come from Vistara and Air Asia India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Senior executive exits at Maruti trigger talk of glass ceilingSenior executive exits at Maruti trigger talk of glass ceiling
Sumant Banerji , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 23:02 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 23:05 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
A major churn is underway at India’s largest car maker Maruti Suzuki with some of its top Indian executives finding themselves at odds with the management of parent firm Suzuki Motor Corp.
The company has seen the exit of two senior-level Indian executives in the last few months and two more have been sidelined from their executive roles. The rejig is far from routine and reinforces what some see as a glass ceiling that top ranking executives face on the possibility of an appointment of an Indian in an executive position.
Earlier this year, Maruti had sidelined two top-level executives — MM Singh, chief operating officer, production, SY Siddiqui, COO, HR and administration, robbing them of their executive powers and appointing them instead as chief mentors.
Around the same time, Sudam Maitra, who was incharge of supply chain, had also quit to join IFB, while Mayank Pareek, who headed the marketing and sales division, also left to join rival Tata Motors last week.
“The time has come for a change and we have to change,” said Kenichi Ayukawa, MD and CEO, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd while referring to the exits and growth obstacles faced by Indian executives. “It is necessary for us to survive in this tough market.”
Maruti, which was a public sector enterprise not long ago, has not had an Indian on the board in an executive role since the retirement of Jagdish Khattar in 2008.

10 articles banned from Wikipedia10 Articles Banned From Wikipedia
by All Time 10s 3:13 mins
90,700 views
10 Articles Banned From Wikipedia
by All Time 10s 3:13 mins
90,700 views
IP addresses are blocked, posts are deleted, and entire sites are taken down when governments take against Wikipedia.  Watch the clip to discover the 10 Articles Banned From Wikipedia.
Link

Five men convicted in Dhaula Kuan gangrape caseFive men held guilty in Dhaula Kuan gang rape
IANS –  Tue 14 Oct, 2014
Print
New Delhi: A Delhi court Tuesday convicted five men in an abduction and gang rape case in Dhaula Kuan that took place in 2010.
Additional Sessions Judge Virender Bhat convicted Shamshad alias Khutkan, Usman alias Kale, Shahid alias Chhota Billi, Iqbal alias Bada Billi and Kamruddin under charges of abduction and gang rape of a 30-year-old call centre executive in Dhaula Kuan area of south Delhi.
Earlier on Friday, the court deferred its verdict in a 2010 abduction and gang rape case in Dhaula Kuan.
The court fixed Oct 17 for hearing arguments on quantum of sentence.
On Nov 24, 2010, the five men abducted the woman, who hailed from the northeast. She was walking home with a friend after her shift ended, according to police.
The abductors took her to Mangolpuri, gang raped her, and left her on an isolated road there.
The men were later arrested from Mewat in Haryana. They have claimed innocence, saying they were falsely implicated in the case.
They were tried on charges of abduction, criminal intimidation and gang rape.
After the incident, Delhi Police ordered all BPOs in Delhi and the National Capital Region to drop women employees at their homes after their shift ends.
About the case
Shamshad alias Khutkan, Usman alias Kale, Shahid alias Chhota Billi, Iqbal alias Bada Billi and Kamruddin were held guilty for the abduction and gang rape of a 30-year-old call centre executive in Dhaula Kuan area of south Delhi.
According to the police, the five men abducted the woman, who hailed from the northeast, Nov 24, 2010, while she was walking home with a friend after her shift ended.
The abductors took her to Mangolpuri, gang raped her, and left her on an isolated road there.
The five were later arrested from Mewat in Haryana. They had claimed innocence, saying they were falsely implicated in the case.
After the incident, Delhi Police ordered all BPO companies in Delhi and the National Capital Region to drop women employees' home while providing them security.
Timeline of 2010 Dhaula Kuan gang rape case:
Nov 24, 2010: Five men abducted a call centre executive, who hails from northeast, and took her to Mongolpuri area here and gang raped her.
Dec 2, 2010: Police arrested two accused Shamshad alias Khutkan and Usman alias Kale from Haryana.
Dec 4, 2010: Victim identified Shamshad and Usman in test identification parade in the Tihar Jail.
Dec 4, 2010: Third accused Iqbal alias Bada Billi was arrested.
Dec 5, 2010: Fourth accused Shahid alias Chhota Billi, who had surrendered to police in Faridabad in connection with another case, was arrested.
Dec 6, 2010: Fifth and last accused Kamruddin was arrested from Haryana.
Feb 2, 2011: Police filed a charge sheet.
Aug 3, 2011: Court framed charges against the accused.
June 2, 2014: Final arguments commenced in the case.
Sep 8, 2014: A Delhi court reserved its order.
Oct 14, 2014: A Delhi court held the five men guilty in the case.
Recommend

Bond between Goa and football set to get strongerUpdated: October 15, 2014 12:21 IST
Bond between Goa and football set to get stronger
Ashwin Achal
BONHOMIE: FC Goa head coach Zico, Chennaiyin FC player-manager Marco Materrazi, FC Goa's Robert Pires and Mikael Silvestre of , Chennaiyin FC are a happy bunch on the eve of their ISL opener in Goa.Photo: K. Murali Kumar
TOPICS
soccer
As the FC Goa team goes about its training session at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium here on Tuesday, a chiselled Frenchman struts onto the field. He seems to have aged a little, but there is an unmistakable aura around him.
The player is Robert Pires, the midfielder who famously marshalled club giant Arsenal to a record unbeaten 2003-04 English Premier League season. His 79-match international career was been equally impressive, with the 1998 FIFA World Cup and the Euro 2000 victories being the highlights.
Come Wednesday, when Pires’s side takes the field against Chennaiyin FC, the crowd will get its first opportunity to witness a host of big names in action. The Chennai franchisee boasts of a World Cup winner — Italian Marco Materrazi — in its ranks as well, apart from accomplished French defender Mikael Silvestre. The home team’s dugout will be led by Zico, nicknamed ‘White Pele’ and considered one of the all-time greats.
The purpose of this match, and indeed the entire tournament, however, is not to merely stargaze. It is imperative that everyone involved with Indian football learns from the presence of these proven performers.
Pires understands that his role extends to well beyond the field of play. “I’ve had a great career, but that is in the past. I am here for one thing — to help the Indian players learn from my experiences.
“Every morning, the local players ask me questions about football. I feel like a teacher; I feel a sense of responsibility towards the Indian players,” he said here after a FC Goa scrimmage.
Nearly all the ingredients needed for a perfect start to the teams’ ISL campaigns are present. The draining humidity and high temperatures here, however, will pose a challenge.
Silvestre touched upon the subject in his media address, as did Pires. The full house that is expected to throng the stadium will hope for more pleasant conditions, so the action can remain at full-tilt.
Even if the weather provides no respite, the already familiar bond between the people of Goa and football is set to get stronger.

Prague - Europe s most elegant cityBigg Boss 8
Prague - City of a Hundred Spires
Prague, City of a Hundred Spires, a UNESCO monument and one of the most beautiful cities in the world.
Prague presents itself to you as a changeable city, which likes to alternate styles: it is romantic and successful, ancient and modern, but above all it is a city that is cosmopolitan through and through, and is used to welcoming foreigners.The winding lanes of the Jewish Quarter, which you know from the novels of Franz Kafka, Cafes enticing you to come and have a seat.
Prague was right on top of my to do list and I finally did it in August /September 2014. Every part of the city beckoned with wonderful atmosphere -Prague Castle, lesser town, Charles Bridge over the Vltava river, Old town square, Jewish Quarters amongst others . The city was teeming with tourists each wanting to feel and live its magic. Street cafes bustled with people, the squares with musicians and other performers, tourists clicking away with their cameras- it was all so wonderful.
By NITIN VYAS
Nitin Vyas is an engineer who is gearing up for a career in professional photography. He has a keen interest in portraiture, travel, architectural and nature photography. Explore more of his work on Flickr
Prague Castle
Prague Castle has been the most significant national cultural and historical monument;.Today Prague Castle, besides the seat of the head of state, is also an important cultural and ... more 
Prague Castle
Prague Castle has been the most significant national cultural and historical monument;.Today Prague Castle, besides the seat of the head of state, is also an important cultural and historical monument. The crown jewels are kept in Prague Castle, as are the relics of Bohemian kings, precious Christian relics, art treasures and historical documents. Events important for the whole country have taken place within its walls. Hence Prague Castle is the embodiment of the historical tradition of the Czech state, linking the present with the past. In the center of the Prague Castle is the St. Vitus Cathedral, one of the most recognized landmarks in the city. less 
1 / 17
Yahoo! Flickr India | Photo by Nitin Vyas / Flickr
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 11:30 AM IST

$54 million Gulfstream: Here s what you getGulfstream's new $54 million jet: Here's what you get
By Kathryn Vasel   @KathrynVasel October 14, 2014: 7:24 PM ET
 
My super-secret jet is cooler than yours
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Gulfstream unveiled two new super jets Tuesday after keeping them under wraps for years.
High-end travelers looking for more room on shorter trips can get their fix with the new G500, which will cost $43 million, and the $54 million G600.
Both have bigger cabins, fly faster and are more fuel efficient than most older models.
The G500 can fly from New York to Moscow nonstop, while the G600 can get fliers from New York to Dubai in one leg. Both can operate at a maximum operating speed of Mach 0.925, which cuts an hour off a standard private jet's fly time.
That extra speed will save the average Gulfstream flier up to a week in travel time, according to a spokesman.
The jets offer wider cabin cross-sections
Both jets can carry up to 19 passengers and will have 100% fresh air, as opposed to air that's recirculated.
Gulfstream is generally very secretive about its new jets, and these were built under the code name P42. The project was kept quiet for five years, despite the fact that they required about 34 football fields of production space.
The new jets will be powered by a Pratt & Whitney PW800 engine, a historic break from the Rolls Royce engines in every other Gulfstream jets.
Gulfstream already has orders for the G500 and G600 from Qatar Airways and Flexjet, with delivery set for 2018 and 2019, respectively.
The cockpit of both jets looks sleek.
Experts expect the jets to replace Gulfstream's 16-passenger G450, which is currently in use. That probably accounts for much of the secrecy surrounding the planes, said Richard Aboulafia, vice president of aerospace market research firm Teal Group. "You don't want to cannibalize your existing product line."
Business travelers looking for even more speed can rest assured: it's coming.
"The next stop after this is supersonic business jet," said Michel Merluzeau from G2 Solutions. "We are less than 10 years away from that."

In numbers: Maharashtra state elections 2014In numbers: Maharashtra state elections 2014
Vignesh Radhakrishnan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 00:31 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:01 IST(15/10/2014)

Obama tax change could spoil mega-merger$55 billion pharma merger could fall victim to new Obama tax rules
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan October 15, 2014: 4:02 AM ET
 
$55 billion deal halted by tax dodge crackdown
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
American drug company AbbVie's $55 billion merger with U.K. rival Shire may be the first casualty of the Obama Administration's crackdown on inversions used to reduce the tax bills of U.S. firms.
Chicago-based AbbVie said Tuesday that its board of directors is reconsidering its recommendation that shareholders adopt the merger with Shire.
The company's board will meet Oct. 20 to examine the potential financial impact of new regulations announced last month by the U.S. Treasury.
In response, Shire issued a statement that encouraged AbbVie to proceed with the merger, and noted that the drugmaker is required to pay Shire more than $1.6 billion if the deal falls apart. Shire shares plummeted 28% at the start of London trading.
Related: 7 things you absolutely must know about corporate taxes
The merger agreement, announced in July , would have seen AbbVie cut its effective tax rate to about 13% in 2016 from 26%.
U.S. companies can't simply relocate to nations with lower tax rates to avoid U.S. corporate taxes. To get the lower foreign tax rate, they must use a process known as "inversion," in which a merger leads to a foreign partner owning more than 20% of the stock in the combined company.
Inversions have been all the rage lately, with companies including Burger King ( BKW ) seeking to execute the maneuver.
The Treasury's "first, targeted steps" are designed to make inversions less attractive. The rules target loopholes, including one tactic to move U.S. earnings abroad by making a loan to its foreign parent company in efforts to avoid taxes. Under the new regulations, those loans will be treated as U.S. property and will be taxable in many instances.

Qualcomm trumps Microchip with $2.5 billion ...Qualcomm trumps Microchip with $2.5 billion deal for Britain's CSR
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 12.20PM IST
The British company in August rebuffed an approach from Microchip, saying the undisclosed price on offer was not enough.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Qualcomm Inc has agreed to buy chip maker CSR Plc for $2.5 billion, pushing out its rival Microchip Technology to win the British bluetooth specialist.
CSR said on Wednesday its shareholders would receive 900 pence a share in cash under the terms of the deal.
The British company in August rebuffed an approach from Microchip, saying the undisclosed price on offer was not enough. The two sides had been in talks over the deal however, with a deadline imposed by British regulators for Wednesday.

BSE  NSE  forex market closed due to Maharashtra assembly electionsBSE  NSE  forex market closed due to Maharashtra assembly elections
Markets await Maharashtra poll results to resume bull runYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Markets await Maharashtra election results to resume bull run?
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 15, 2014, 05.35PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(If the BJP comes to power…)
NEW DELHI: The outcome of the assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana will act as the next big trigger for the markets as the BJP tries to get a solid, solo footing in both the states.
A victory in Maharashtra, home of the country's financial capital, would help Centre push economic reforms. And, if the BJP comes to power in the state then they are seen being more able to take bolder decisions, say analysts.
"Battle in Maharashtra will be crucial as it is a four-cornered contest. Maharashtra being an industrial state contributing around 13 per cent to India's industrial output and a major hub for FDI investments, stock markets are expected to react to the election outcome," says Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities.
"Decisions related to goods and services taxes which face strong opposition from some states would ease out and some boost could be seen. Issues concerned with reduction in price control in diesel could be seen gaining more attention," he added.
Kavikondala is of the view that many stalled projects in these states could be seen gaining attention by the new government as their agenda. Bringing reforms can be difficult for the new government in these states if the verdict is against them, he added.
Maharashtra assembly election is as important as Lok Sabha election due to the size and the number of constituencies in the state.
Voting began on Wednesday on the 288 assembly seats of Maharashtra where 8.35 crore voters are eligible of exercising their franchise. Of the 288 constituencies, including 36 constituencies in Mumbai, 234 are general, 29 reserved for scheduled castes and 25 for scheduled tribes.
"The winner could use the Maharashtra as a strong platform for next Lok Sabha election," says Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services.
"Therefore, I believe that any deviation from expected results could impact the market due to overreaction of investors on the situation," he added.
Maharashtra has immense potential for infrastructure development and FDI for manufacturing, which is the main theme of newly elected Modi government. So, a win here will a crucial in expediting reforms, say analysts.
Therefore, BJP would not be able to afford the loss in Maharashtra assembly elections, adds Pendharkar.
Voting has begun in Maharashtra and Haryana for Assembly elections in both the states, and results will be announced on Sunday, Oct 19.
A win for BJP will strengthen the party in Rajya Sabha which will help in passing major bills, say analysts. Important reforms like GST where manufacturing states like Maharashtra fears revenue losses may get boost as market participants expect big bang reforms from BJP.
Kavikondala is of the view that a decisive mandate in Maharashtra, where battle is four-cornered, will favour stock markets as it will strengthen the view that coalition government politics is nearing its end in India.
Based on expectations from new government, stock market may react positively to BJP victory; however, a fractured mandate will create difficulties in rolling out important bills like GST, labour reforms in the state and may impact stock market negatively.
  "The outcome of assembly election of Maharashtra and Haryana will be the next trigger to set the market tone in near-term after the IIP and WPI & CPI numbers," said Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
"If it proves to be negative outcomes for the BJP then we can expect some kind of correction in the current up moves. Polls outcome will definitely dictate the new government reforms push as it will be the final change in the administration of Prime Minister and will helps in rolling the reform," he added.
The recently released inflation numbers on both CPI and WPI have shown good hopes for the market in the near-term, but due to global headwinds Indian markets have faced some bit of correction in the past couple of weeks.
Sensex has plunged nearly 300 points or little over 1 per cent so far in the month of October as compared to near 25 per cent rally seen so far in the year 2014.
"Any dip in the market from the current levels due to the negative outcomes in the result for the BJP, will be a good buying opportunity for the market participants," says Gadia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bigg Boss 8 gets its first wildcard entry: Ali Quli MirzaBigg Boss 8 has not been creating much of a buzz this year. Be it the relatively unknonwn faces or a lack of interest altogether in the show, it is yet to reach the crazy level it does every year.
 
The makers of the show have several wild card entries every season and the house of Bigg Boss 8 is set to open doors for the first wildcard contestant of this season for Dubai-based singer-actor Ali Quli Mirza.
Mirza is best known for his Arabic songs in Dubai, Britain and other parts of the Indian sub-continent and he will soon be making his Bollywood debut with Kamal Sadanah's movie Roar.
Also read: It is the end of road for Deepshikha in Bigg Boss 8
He is nervous about his entry into the house that has Sonali Raut, Karishma Tanna, Upen Patel, Soni Singh, Arya Babbar , Diandra Soares, Sushant Divgikar, Gautam Gulati, Praneet Bhat, Natasa Stankovic, Minissha Lamba, Puneet Issar and Pritam Singh as inmates. "Bigg Boss, this year, has been really unexpected and so I am nervous about how it will work out for me. While it is true that I am familiar with some of the contestants, they have an edge over me since they have already been living in the house for over three weeks now," Mirza said in a statement.
"I am only going inside with the hope of making some new friends. Let's see how it works out," he added.
The reality show airs on Colors.

Manipuri student leader attacked in Bangalore  told speak in KannadaManipuri student attacked in Bangalore, 3 arrested
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, October 15, 2014
First Published: 13:13 IST(15/10/2014) | Last Updated: 22:54 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
In a suspected case of hate crime, Bengaluru police arrested three men on Wednesday who reportedly assaulted a Manipuri student with rocks for not speaking the local language.
Michael Haokip, president of a Manipuri students' association, after being attacked on Tuesday night, in what seems like a hate crime. (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
T Michael Lamjathang Haokip was attacked a little after midnight in a part of the city mostly inhabited by migrants, particularly students from the northeast states and Africa. The 26-year-old received wounds to his head and back but doctors said he was out of danger.
People from India’s seven northeast states are frequently singled out for abuse in other parts of the country because they look different and often dress different, say social scientists. More than 30,000 people from the Northeast fled Bengaluru in August 2012 after a handful of such attacks sparked rumours of a larger conspiracy.
“They kept asking me to speak in Kannada. They said, ‘If you outsiders know how to eat food that is produced in Karnataka, you must also know to speak Kannada. This is India not China.’ I tried to reason with them but they were hysterical,” a profusely bleeding Michael told Hindustan Times at the Kothanur police station.
Two of Michael’s friends – Ngamkholen Haokip, 28, and Rocky Kipgen, 25 – who were with him when he was assaulted on Wednesday escaped with minor wounds. 
Michael Lamjathang Haokip at Kothanur police station (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
 
Michael said the people who gathered because of the commotion immediately sided with the attackers.
“A friend from my community, Letmang Haokip, 35, was passing by on his motorcycle. I jumped onto the bike and we started racing towards the police station. But the people followed us on their bikes and one of them crashed into us. We fell down and I started running for my life towards the police station. Just then a police patrol car arrived and the mob scattered,” he said.
Letmang, who could not leave his motorcycle behind and escape, said the mob snatched valuables and the bike’s documents from him. “They would have probably killed me but Michael returned with the police.”
Obed Haokip, 46, one of Michael’s friends who arrived with a police patrol team, said some associates of a local politician helped a few of the attackers escape.
“Three persons have been arrested and investigations are on to ascertain if this was a hate crime,” said additional commissioner of police Alok Kumar.
Boxer MC Mary Kom, who hails from Manipur and was in Bengaluru for an event, also condemned the incident.
“There should be unity and peace in our country, so that such incidents don’t repeat again,” the Olympic medallist said.

Ganja seized in Madurai; two heldUpdated: October 15, 2014 14:06 IST
Ganja seized in Madurai; two held
Special Correspondent
Photo: R. Ashok One of the secret chambers in the cargo van in which 320 kg of ganja, was seized by NIB sleuths in Madurai on Tuesday.
Vehicle had two secret chambers used to hide ganja
In a major haul, the Narcotics Intelligence Bureau sleuths seized 320 kg of dry ganja being smuggled from Andhra Pradesh to Ramanathapuram here on Tuesday.
Two persons were arrested and a van was seized at the Toll Gate near Sittampatti on Tiruchi-Madurai highway near here.
The ganja is said to be worth Rs. 32 lakh in the international market, NIB Inspector of Police Alexraj, said.
Acting on a tip off, the NIB team indulged in vehicle check near the toll-gate when they intercepted the cargo van.
Though the van was empty, the drivers, P. Satheesh (30) and V. Rajprabhu (27) of Sakkimangalam made contradictory statements that made the NIB team suspicious about the vehicle.
Vehicle check
A thorough check of the vehicle revealed that the vehicle had two secret chambers inside which 16 bags of ganja, each containing 20 kg, were hidden.
The police said that one Anand Velu, a native of Perambalur district and resident of Ekkattuthangal in Chennai, along with the duo had bought the ganja from Bethavasal in Andhra Pradesh.
However, Anand Velu, the mastermind, had got down midway.
The van was proceeding towards Ramanathapuram to be delivered to one Murugan alias Selvakumar.
The police said that both the accused were absconding.

Aerobic composting bins for 500 familiesUpdated: October 15, 2014 14:21 IST
Aerobic composting bins for 500 families
Tweet
The Hindu Mayor K. Chandrika inaugurates an aerobic composting unit set up near the Karamana bridge by the Corporation on Tuesday. Photo:S. Gopakumar
The city dwellers might soon be spoilt for choices of disposing waste, ranging from aerobic composting bins to biogas plants and pipe-composting. According to current estimates, at least 500 aerobic bins of the Thumboormozhi model, popularised in Alappuzha, will be installed. The first of this was inaugurated near the Karamana bridge on Tuesday. Tenders will be called for 100 more soon.
For those residents who opt to shift from the already installed pipe-composting mechanism to biogas plants, subsidy minus the amount already provided for pipe composts will be provided, if the Council agrees to the proposal. The Corporation will also seek subsidy for the aerobic bins from the Suchitwa Mission. The waste dumping site at Erumakkuzhi will be scientifically capped with the help of experts. Two incinerators will be installed if the State Pollution Control Board gives clearance for the proposal. A system to collect and remove plastic from each ward on a monthly basis will be evolved. Two centralised units will be formed to collect and distribute manure produced by aerobic composting.

Over 35 per cent turnout in first six hours in HaryanaOver 35 per cent turnout in first six hours in Haryana
Asia markets mostly rise  China inflation at 5-year lowAsia markets mostly rise  China inflation at 5-year low
Google uncovers vulnerability in SSL web encryption technologyGoogle uncovers vulnerability in SSL web encryption technology
IndiGo Could Order Aircraft Worth Billions Of DollarsIndiGo Could Order Aircraft Worth Billions Of Dollars
Gold  silver rally on global cues  festive demandNew Delhi, October 13, 2014
Updated: October 13, 2014 16:04 IST
Gold, silver rally on global cues, festive demand
PTI
gold and precious material
Gold prices rallied by Rs. 200 to trade at almost one-month high of Rs. 27,600 per ten gram in the national capital on Monday on brisk buying by jewellers and retailers to meet festive season demand amidst a firming global trend.
Silver followed suit and advanced by Rs. 450 to Rs. 39,250 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiments remained firm in precious metals on sustained buying by jewellers and retailers to meet ongoing festive season demand.
This was besides a firming trend overseas where gold climbed to nearly four-week high as dollar weakened on signs that the US Federal Reserve may push back interest rate hike, boosting demand for a safe-haven, traders said.
Gold in Singapore, which normally determine price trend on the domestic front, climbed by 1.2 per cent to USD 1,237.86 an ounce, the highest since September 17 and silver by 0.8 per cent to USD 17.54 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity shot up by Rs. 200 each to Rs. 27,600 and Rs. 27,400 per ten gram respectively, a level last seen on September 9. Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs. 24,200 per piece of eight gram.
In a similar fashion, silver ready spurted by Rs. 450 to Rs. 39,250 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs. 685 to Rs. 38,935 per kg.
Meanwhile, silver coins continued to be traded at last level of Rs. 68,000 for buying and Rs. 69,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

The freedom to marryUpdated: October 14, 2014 01:17 IST
The freedom to marry
social issue
The move from decriminalising homosexuality to granting legal status to gay marriages may seem a simple and logical step. After all, the quintessentially liberal principle is that all people ought to be treated with equal respect and without discrimination in every matter. This dictum would apply equally to the question of marital preferences as with sexual orientation. But contemporary history tells a more complex story. The United States Supreme Court last week gave assent to same-sex marriages in five States. It did so by declining to hear challenges to earlier appeals to court rulings. Since the relevant circuit courts also have jurisdiction in six more States, the latest decision is in effect expected to allow marriages among homosexuals in a majority of States — 30 of them. This seeming surge in political and judicial support is a far cry from the situation that existed just a decade ago. Thirteen States amended their constitutions in 2004 to ban same-sex marriages, reacting to Massachusetts’s move to allow them. They were echoing the spirit of the 1996 federal Defense of Marriage Act, which defined the institution of marriage as a union between man and woman. It further authorised States that banned such marriages to withhold recognition to gay couples from other States where this was legal.
But then, two Supreme Court rulings last year repudiated the view that a world where gays and lesbians were wedlocked was an affront to heterosexual marriages — a view that was espoused by social conservatives and religious groups. In one ruling it struck down the 1996 legal provisions as being unconstitutional and violative of the Fifth Amendment protection of individual liberty, and denial of equal benefits to same-sex couples. In the other, the court nullified the ban on gay marriages in California, which, incidentally, was the first State to overturn the ban on inter-racial marriages in 1948. A number of States have since lifted the ban on same-sex marriages, including the five States that have now won the court’s backing. Globally, 17 countries — predominantly European ones, besides two from Latin America — have ended the exclusion of same-sex couples from marriages and consequent social and legal benefits. While The Netherlands was the first to do so in 2001, Britain, France and Brazil amended their laws suitably last year. Iceland’s Johanna Sigurdardottir was the world’s first openly lesbian Prime Minister, between 2009 and 2013, and was the country’s longest-serving member of Parliament. Freedom and equality, it is fairly obvious, eventually and inexorably lead to a gender-neutral stance on many social questions that may have been settled by convention in the past.

Dynamos attack  but fail to scoreNEW DELHI, October 15, 2014
Updated: October 15, 2014 12:21 IST
Dynamos attack, but fail to score
Priyansh
soccer
FC Pune City drops deep to thwart Delhi in a goalless stalemate
Delhi Dynamos kept its promise of attacking and high-energy football but failed to add goals as it played out a draw with FC Pune City in its opening Hero Indian Super League game at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on Tuesday.
In the lead up to the game, there were speculations that a sell-out crowd would greet the host. In the end, it was anything but that. Not even half the stadium was full, but that had little impact on Dynamos’ motivation.
Staying true to its name, Harm van Veldhoven’s side was dynamic in its movement.
There were no goals but there was much to reminisce. Set up in a 4-4-2 formation, Dynamos’ intelligent movement in the final third caused major problems for Pune’s defence. Forward Mads Junker and Morten Skoubo drifted wide before bursting into the box; Francis Fernandes regularly drifted inwards; central midfielders Hans Mulder and Bruno Herrero Arias displayed a willingness to fill spaces on the flanks.
There were quite a few lofted balls in the opening quarter as Dynamos found its feet. Shylo Malsawmtluanga’s failed attempt to poke the ball home from six yards signaled the host’s intent and soon after, the attacking unit went into overdrive.
Mads Junker cut inside to force a diving save from Emanuele Belardi. Fernandes was denied by the goalkeeper too when he shot from the edge of the box following a corner. Passes came and went across the box but there was nobody to touch them. Pune’s response was to leave nine men in its own half. Only David Trezeguet and Israil Gurung were the outlets for a counter attack. There was room to create one as Kostas Katsouranis discovered when he breached Dynamos’ high defensive line to set Trezeguet through. Nothing came of the move.
Then, in what seemed a pre-decided move, Alessandro del Piero was brought on for Morten Skoubo in the 35th minute. In fact, the former Juventus striker had to wait for nearly a couple of minutes before he could come on. Although there were only 10 Dynamos players on the pitch, del Piero couldn’t step on the pitch due to the malfunctioning electronic substitution board. When the Italian was finally introduced, his lack of match practice and class were evident equally. There were some touches and turns of genius, interspersed with moments when he was a bit slow.
Yet, Dynamos’ dominance continued into the second half. Junker had a gilt-edged chance in the 58th minute when put through by Fernandes but he could only shoot at the ‘keeper from a tight angle.
The host’s dominant and energetic football couldn’t be sustained in the second period, however, as the players got tired.
Pune manager Franco Colomba was forced to freshen his side with three substitutions in 10 minutes but little changed. In fact, Dynamos could have won it towards the end if Gustavo dos Santos hadn’t found the bottom of the post from the edge of the box.

Supreme court allows reports on CBI director  whistleblowerSupreme court allows reports on CBI director, whistleblower
IANS | New Delhi Oct 15, 2014 11:18 AM IST
The Supreme Court Wednesday allowed the prosecution in the 2G case to file two reports -- on the role of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) chief Ranjit Sinha in the probe and naming the person who leaked the contents of the visitor book at his residence.
The apex court bench of Justice H.L. Dattu permitted Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover to file these reports with the court's registry after he informed that they would be furnished in a sealed cover.
The court in its earlier hearing had asked Grover, who is heading the prosecution team in the special CBI court that is trying the 2G case, to assist in ascertaining Sinha's role in the case and whether the identity of the whistleblower could be made public.
The Centre for Public Interest Litigation, a non-government organisation that claimed it was in receipt of the visitor's book at Sinha's residence, had alleged that he had been meeting the accused in 2G case and interfering to derail the probe and the trial.
The matter will come up for hearing on Thursday.

Intel records  best-ever  hike in Q3 revenueIntel records  best-ever  hike in Q3 revenue
Brent crude dips below $84  near 4-year low on oversupplyBrent for November touched a low of $83.37, down $1.67, before rallying to around $84. Brent has now fallen more than 25 per cent in past four months.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Brent crude fell to a fresh 47-month low on Wednesday before recovering to around $84 a barrel, as faltering global growth curbed demand for fuel at a time of heavy oversupply.
Oil saw its biggest daily fall in more than three years on Tuesday after the West's energy watchdog slashed its forecasts for world oil demand for this year and 2015.
Core members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries appear to be focused on fighting for market share rather than on cutting production to shore up prices.
Weak European markets and slowing Chinese inflation added to concerns about global growth, which helped extend the rout.
"The global environment is bearish," said market analyst Olivier Jakob of Petromatrix. "There's broad acceptance by the market that Saudi Arabia is willing to let prices go lower. With the velocity of the drop, definitely you've got people liquidating positions."
Brent for November touched a low of $83.37, down $1.67, before recovering to $83.90 by 1120 GMT. Brent has now fallen more than 25 percent from the year's mid-June peak.
US crude fell $1.30 a barrel to $80.54 after posting its largest fall in a single session in nearly two years on Tuesday. It went down to $80.37 on Wednesday, a 27-month low.
Dealers said technical selling was coming into play, with Wall Street banks scrambling to neutralise exposure to big oil option trades, but the main pressure came from burgeoning global oversupply.
"For as long as OPEC makes no move to tackle this threat of a massive oversupply by reducing production, prices are likely to continue to fall," Commerzbank said in a report. "OPEC producers cannot hope for any reduction in shale oil production in the USin the near future."
Data from the United States suggests no eminent slowing of the boom in shale oil production.
US shale oil production is set to grow by around 106,000 barrels per day in November from October, the US Energy Information Administration said.
On Tuesday, Iran said it could live with lower oil prices, joining the chorus of similar signals from core OPEC members Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
Analysts said the moves signified a willingness to bring prices lower in an effort to curtail supply growth from non-OPEC producers, such as the United States and Russia. But the IEA said on Monday the vast majority of shale oil in the United States was produced at costs far below prevailing crude prices.
Weak economic data has poured in from Europe and Asia over the last month, cutting demand growth expectations.
Germany , Europe's largest economy, has registered a string of negative indicators, sparking talk of a contraction in the third quarter. On Wednesday, data showed that China's consumer inflation slowed more than expected in September to a near five-year low, pointing to broad weakness in the world's second-largest economy
US commercial crude oil inventories were forecast to have increased in the week ended Oct. 10, while refined products likely fell, according to a Reuters poll of analysts.
Industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API) will issue its report later on Wednesday, and the EIA will follow with its weekly data on Thursday. The reports have been delayed a day due to Monday's Columbus Day holiday.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Obama tax move may ruin $55B pharma deal$55 billion pharma merger could fall victim to new Obama tax rules
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan October 15, 2014: 4:02 AM ET
 
$55 billion deal halted by tax dodge crackdown
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
American drug company AbbVie's $55 billion merger with U.K. rival Shire may be the first casualty of the Obama Administration's crackdown on inversions used to reduce the tax bills of U.S. firms.
Chicago-based AbbVie said Tuesday that its board of directors is reconsidering its recommendation that shareholders adopt the merger with Shire.
The company's board will meet Oct. 20 to examine the potential financial impact of new regulations announced last month by the U.S. Treasury.
In response, Shire issued a statement that encouraged AbbVie to proceed with the merger, and noted that the drugmaker is required to pay Shire more than $1.6 billion if the deal falls apart. Shire shares plummeted 28% at the start of London trading.
Related: 7 things you absolutely must know about corporate taxes
The merger agreement, announced in July , would have seen AbbVie cut its effective tax rate to about 13% in 2016 from 26%.
U.S. companies can't simply relocate to nations with lower tax rates to avoid U.S. corporate taxes. To get the lower foreign tax rate, they must use a process known as "inversion," in which a merger leads to a foreign partner owning more than 20% of the stock in the combined company.
Inversions have been all the rage lately, with companies including Burger King ( BKW ) seeking to execute the maneuver.
The Treasury's "first, targeted steps" are designed to make inversions less attractive. The rules target loopholes, including one tactic to move U.S. earnings abroad by making a loan to its foreign parent company in efforts to avoid taxes. Under the new regulations, those loans will be treated as U.S. property and will be taxable in many instances.

Governor Raghuram Rajan receives Euromoney Award for Best Central Bank Governor of the Year 2014Governor Raghuram Rajan receives Euromoney Award for Best Central Bank Governor of the Year 2014
Gold prices gain Rs 70 to hit one-month high on festive demandGold prices gain Rs 70 to hit one-month high on festive demand
Two injured in firing in SirsaTwo injured in firing in Sirsa
Google exposes  Poodle  flaw in Web encryption standardGoogle exposes  Poodle  flaw in Web encryption standard
Snapdeal close to raising $600-$650 mn funding for expansionSnapdeal close to raising $600-$650 mn funding for expansion
Reuters | Mumbai Oct 15, 2014 11:01 AM IST
Online retailer Snapdeal is close to raising $600 million to $650 million from existing investors, led by Japan's SoftBank Corp, to expand operations, three people involved in the fundraising said.
The amount, set to be the biggest investment in India's growing e-commerce sector after Flipkart raised $1 billion in July, is likely to be announced next week, the people said.
The people declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak to media ahead of an official announcement. Snapdeal and SoftBank declined to comment.
Indian online retailers have been raising funds to expand and compete with bigger rival Amazon.com Inc -- which has committed $ 2 billion to its India operations -- as 
more Indians shop on the internet instead of at physical retail stores.
 
Analysts at Nomura estimated in a research note in July that India's e-commerce industry could quadruple to $43 billion over the next five years from $10 billion in 2013, driven by online retail.
Besides SoftBank, Snapdeal's other investors include eBay Inc
, Temasek Holdings Pvt Ltd and Ratan Tata, the former chairman of the Tata conglomerate.

Pak violates ceasefire again  fires along Lo...You are here: Home > Collections > Poonch
Pakistan violates ceasefire again in J&K, fires along LoC in Poonch
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 12.22PM IST
(Pakistani troops again…)
JAMMU: Pakistani troops again violated the ceasefire today by resorting to mortar shelling and firing along the LoC in Poonch district.
There was firing from across the border along LoC in Saujian sector of Poonch district this morning, Senior Superintendent of Police, Poonch, Shamsher Hussain told PTI.
Pakistani troops also targeted forward areas in Kirni and Shahpur belts, he said, adding there was no injury to anyone in the cross-border firing.
A Defence Spokesman said the troops retaliated to the Pakistani firing.
"There was no loss of life", he said. Divisional Commissioner, Jammu Zone, Shant Manu said today that "there has been no firing by Pakistan along the IB in the past few days. It is calm."
He, however, said that firing by Pakistan is going on along the LoC in Saujian belt of Poonch.
The IB and LoC in Jammu region have witnessed heavy firing and mortar shelling by Pakistani troops since October one which has left eight persons dead and over 94 injured, including 13 security men.
Besides nearly 30,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets await Maharashtra verdict to resume bull run How it couldYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Markets await Maharashtra election results to resume bull run?
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 15, 2014, 05.35PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(If the BJP comes to power…)
NEW DELHI: The outcome of the assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana will act as the next big trigger for the markets as the BJP tries to get a solid, solo footing in both the states.
A victory in Maharashtra, home of the country's financial capital, would help Centre push economic reforms. And, if the BJP comes to power in the state then they are seen being more able to take bolder decisions, say analysts.
"Battle in Maharashtra will be crucial as it is a four-cornered contest. Maharashtra being an industrial state contributing around 13 per cent to India's industrial output and a major hub for FDI investments, stock markets are expected to react to the election outcome," says Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities.
"Decisions related to goods and services taxes which face strong opposition from some states would ease out and some boost could be seen. Issues concerned with reduction in price control in diesel could be seen gaining more attention," he added.
Kavikondala is of the view that many stalled projects in these states could be seen gaining attention by the new government as their agenda. Bringing reforms can be difficult for the new government in these states if the verdict is against them, he added.
Maharashtra assembly election is as important as Lok Sabha election due to the size and the number of constituencies in the state.
Voting began on Wednesday on the 288 assembly seats of Maharashtra where 8.35 crore voters are eligible of exercising their franchise. Of the 288 constituencies, including 36 constituencies in Mumbai, 234 are general, 29 reserved for scheduled castes and 25 for scheduled tribes.
"The winner could use the Maharashtra as a strong platform for next Lok Sabha election," says Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services.
"Therefore, I believe that any deviation from expected results could impact the market due to overreaction of investors on the situation," he added.
Maharashtra has immense potential for infrastructure development and FDI for manufacturing, which is the main theme of newly elected Modi government. So, a win here will a crucial in expediting reforms, say analysts.
Therefore, BJP would not be able to afford the loss in Maharashtra assembly elections, adds Pendharkar.
Voting has begun in Maharashtra and Haryana for Assembly elections in both the states, and results will be announced on Sunday, Oct 19.
A win for BJP will strengthen the party in Rajya Sabha which will help in passing major bills, say analysts. Important reforms like GST where manufacturing states like Maharashtra fears revenue losses may get boost as market participants expect big bang reforms from BJP.
Kavikondala is of the view that a decisive mandate in Maharashtra, where battle is four-cornered, will favour stock markets as it will strengthen the view that coalition government politics is nearing its end in India.
Based on expectations from new government, stock market may react positively to BJP victory; however, a fractured mandate will create difficulties in rolling out important bills like GST, labour reforms in the state and may impact stock market negatively.
  "The outcome of assembly election of Maharashtra and Haryana will be the next trigger to set the market tone in near-term after the IIP and WPI & CPI numbers," said Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
"If it proves to be negative outcomes for the BJP then we can expect some kind of correction in the current up moves. Polls outcome will definitely dictate the new government reforms push as it will be the final change in the administration of Prime Minister and will helps in rolling the reform," he added.
The recently released inflation numbers on both CPI and WPI have shown good hopes for the market in the near-term, but due to global headwinds Indian markets have faced some bit of correction in the past couple of weeks.
Sensex has plunged nearly 300 points or little over 1 per cent so far in the month of October as compared to near 25 per cent rally seen so far in the year 2014.
"Any dip in the market from the current levels due to the negative outcomes in the result for the BJP, will be a good buying opportunity for the market participants," says Gadia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asia markets edgy on lingering growth worriesAsian markets edgy on lingering growth worries, dollar up
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 06.41AM IST
READ MORE ON » asian markets
Lingering concerns over global growth kept Asian stocks on a tentative footing, with more signs of gloom in the euro zone economy helping underpin the dollar.
ET SPECIAL:
TOKYO: Lingering concerns over global growth kept Asian stocks on a tentative footing on Wednesday, with more signs of gloom in the euro zone economy helping underpin the dollar.
The dollar extended gains after disappointing data out of Germany and Britain checked the euro's recent bounce.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up 0.08 per cent, but still not too far off a seven-month low hit at the start of the week.
Tokyo's Nikkei climbed 0.4 per cent after touching a two-month trough on Tuesday.
Concerns over faltering global growth triggered a bruising selloff in global equity markets in the past week, and investors remain reluctant to buy into riskier assets as the drumbeat of weak data showed no signs of abating.
Overnight, a closely watched ZEW survey showed German analyst and investor morale fell below zero for the first time in nearly two years in October.
Adding to the gloom, the German government cut its growth forecasts, euro zone industrial production fell, British inflation slowed sharply in September and Fitch warned it may cut France's credit rating.
"Risk-off tone continues to dominate the markets as US equities pared most of the gains while Treasuries remain in demand," Credit Argricole said in a note to clients.
U.S. Treasuries and German Bunds have rallied this week, with the yields on the latter hitting record lows on Tuesday after data reinforced fears the euro zone may be slipping into recession.
Page 1 of 2

D-Street shut on account of Maharashtra pollsYou are here: Home > Collections > Bse
Sensex, Nifty closed on account of Assembly Elections in Maharashtra
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 15, 2014, 08.11AM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
NEW DELHI: Indian stock market will remain shut on Wednesday, 15th October on account of public holiday. Equity, currency, commodity & debt market will remain closed on account of General Assembly Election 2014 .
Voting has begun in Maharashtra and Haryana for Assembly elections in both the states, one of the biggest electoral tests for Narendra Modi after the Lok Sabha polls.
Benchmark indices closed flat on Tuesday. BSE's Sensex was down 34.74 basis points at 26349.33 while NSE's Nifty ended lower by 20.25 points and closed at 7864.
Technically speaking, the level of 7830 - 7800 is now an immediate term support for the index whereas it has a stiff resistance placed at 7925 and beyond that at 7975.
"Till the time Nifty is unable to clear this resistance range the bias may remain weak. Initial sign of strength would come in only if Nifty sustains above 7975, in which case we may see further upside till 8035 - 40 range," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"The level of 7830 (closing) is still a trend reversal level for the index and we continue to recommend a closing basis stop loss of 7830 for all Nifty long positions," added the report.
The brokerage firm is of the view that any move and a close below this level can induce deeper declines of up to 3% more from 7830 levels.
Excessive intraday volatility is key concern as the day traders are losing in both the directions, say analysts. Markets are likely to consolidate in near-term, but level of 7800 remains key support area for the index.
The recovery that we saw in the market which pushed the index towards 7900 earlier this week was largely on account of short coverings, because everybody went short because of that coal mining news.
"The index is basically chopping around and as long as 7800 holds on, we will outperform but if 7800 starts getting taken out decisively, then another leg down is possible," said Ashwani Gujral , Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com.
"For the moment, the way banks are acting the way IT is acting, it appears that it will be difficult to break 7800, but by no means great uptrend has started," he added. Gujral is of the view that basically, intraday traders have to play on both sides.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF ban: Should home buyers and investors suffercapital market
(In DLF’s case, the fault…)
Sebi's decision in DLF case is unusually harsh because of the collateral fallout and possible disproportionately large cost to other stakeholders, especially people who have bought houses in DLF projects.
The market watchdog has punished the promoters and other decision-makers for inadequate disclosures made in the prospectus when the company made a public offer of shares in 2007, but should corporate entity DLF have also been punished, and to the same extent?
Sebi has barred DLF, promoters KP Singh and Rajiv Singh , and four others from buying, selling or otherwise dealing in securities, directly or indirectly, in any manner, whatsoever, for the period of three years.
Treating corporate entity and the promoters/executives alike means that heavily indebted DLF that needs funds to complete ongoing projects will not have any capital market access for three years. It cannot raise equity to pare down debt or raise more loan funds. The company had a net debt of over Rs 19,000 crore at the end of June 2014.
It is conceivable that banks will also get jittery rolling over debt or increasing their exposure to the troubled company. Two sets of stakeholders will face the brunt of Sebi's decision. Minority shareholders who have bought company's stock lost over 25% of their value on Tuesday.
The bigger losers could be and those who have bought houses in around 25 under-execution DLF projects if there is delay. One can still justify shareholders' loss - they knowingly invested shares of a company, a risky asset, and have paid the price for not doing their homework.
The same cannot be said for those who bought houses from their life savings. Sure real estate is often more risky than even shares, but not everyone is a speculator. For most Indians, house is a lifetime of savings. Every corporate penal action will have some fall out on innocent bystanders or stakeholders such as suppliers, contactors, routines employees and workers, creditors and many others.
Therefore, a blanket rule that precludes corporate prosecution just because there will be collateral consequences is neither desirable nor justified. A company is a legal entity and it should be liable to action for every wrong doing. That decision, however, must consider the fact that a company's decisions are made by promoters, shareholders and managers.
Therefore, disproportionate share of blame and punishment must fall on them and not the corporate entity, especially when collateral consequences are large.
In DLF's case, the fault is more with the promoters/managers because Sebi action relates to inadequate disclosures in IPO. In fact, those who invested in the company's IPO can justifiably claim to be the aggrieved party. Yes , deterrent punishment is called for to clean up the Indian stock market where players get wind of almost every deal and promoters often treat listed public companies as their private property, but that need must also be tempered by some consideration of collateral consequences.
Could it have been that those responsible for providing misleading information in the public offer given a much harsher punishment, but the company let off with a stern warning?
FEATURED ARTICLES

Police brutality video at Hong Kong protest sparks outragePolice brutality video at Hong Kong protest sparks outrage
AFP
Hong Kong, October 15, 2014
First Published: 07:40 IST(15/10/2014)
print
Hong Kong police came under fire on Wednesday after plain clothes officers were filmed beating and kicking a handcuffed protester during some of the worst clashes since mass democracy rallies erupted two weeks ago.
The city's security chief said the accused officers had been "removed" from their posts after the assault that occurred amid violent confrontations when police swooped in to clear newly erected barricades near government headquarters.
Tensions have spiked in recent days as police began raiding protest sites and tearing down barricades, after more than a fortnight of disruptive mass rallies calling for free elections in the former British colony.
Demonstrators and police fought running battles overnight, with officers using their fists, batons and pepper spray to beat back crowds in an operation they defended as a necessary response to ensure public order.
But footage from television network TVB later emerged of a group of plainclothes officers assaulting a handcuffed and unarmed protester, sparking outrage and calls for prosecution from activists and lawmakers.
It shows six plain clothes officers hauling the man to a dark corner of a public park, and placing him on the ground.
Watch: Hong Kong police clash with protesters
One officer stands over the man and punches him, as three others are seen repeatedly kicking him in an assault TVB said lasted four minutes. Prominent student leader Joshua Wong said trust between police and activists had hit an all-time low.
"The proper action police should take is to bring the protester to the police car, not to take him away and then punch and kick him for four minutes," he told reporters. Amnesty International also condemned the "vicious" attack.
"It is stomach-churning to think there are Hong Kong police officers that feel they are above the law," Mabel Au, director of Amnesty Hong Kong said in a statement.
"Any investigation into this incident must be carried out promptly and all individuals involved in unlawful acts must be prosecuted."
'Emotions are very unstable'
Police have previously been criticised for firing tear gas on umbrella-wielding protesters on September 28 in a move that attracted worldwide attention.
Demonstrators have also accused them of failing to come to their aid during frequent attacks from violent pro-government thugs.
Hong Kong's security chief sought to douse tensions over the video, expressing "concern" and promising a "just and fair investigation".
"The policemen who are involved in the incident have been removed from their current working positions," Secretary for Security Lai Tung-kwok said without specifying how many officers were being probed.
Huge crowds have intermittently rallied against China's insistence that it will vet candidates standing for election as the semi-autonomous city's next leader in 2017 -- a move protesters have labelled as "fake democracy".
While the activists have been praised for their civility and organisational skills, they have also brought widespread disruption to an already densely populated city.
In intense scenes overnight, a wall of police armed with shields and batons marched before dawn on crowds who had erected new barricades in a road tunnel next to the headquarters of the city's embattled government.
Clutching the umbrellas that have become emblematic of their fight for full democracy, some protesters were pulled to the ground, handcuffed and hauled away by officers.
Police said that 45 people were arrested in the operation, including 37 men and eight women. Four officers were also injured.
Within an hour police had regained control of the road.
Tearing down barricades
The violence was among the worst seen since the start of rallies that have drawn huge crowds calling for Beijing to grant the semi-autonomous city the right to choose who can run in 2017 elections.
A police statement said officers had warned that "advancing against police cordon line even with their arms raised is not a peaceful act", and had appealed to the demonstrators to "stay calm and restrained".
Ben Ng, an 18-year-old student, was with protesters near a newly built barricade when the baton-wielding contingent approached.
"Police used pepper spray without any threat or warning. Protesters were beaten by police," he said. "Both protesters and police, their emotions are very unstable."
The protests that have paralysed parts of the city over the last fortnight have largely been peaceful. But ugly scuffles have frequently broken out between demonstrators and government loyalists, sparking accusations the authorities are using hired gangsters.
Patience is running short in some quarters, with shop owners and taxi drivers losing business and commuters voicing irritation at extensive disruptions on the roads and on public transport.
Direct confrontation with police has been much less common.
But in the last two days, officers have begun moving in to remove barricades on the edges of protest sites, shrinking their footprint and opening some roads to traffic, while allowing the bulk of demonstrators to stay in place.

Live: Low turnout so far; 16% voting in Maharashtra  29.6% in HaryanaAfter remaining sluggish for the most part of the day, voting gathered pace in Maharashtra in the afternoon, with the polling percentage crossing 63.4% by 6pm.
Women in Daultabad cast their votes. (HT Photo)
Voters in Mumbai came out to exercise their right in the afternoon taking the polling percentage in the capital to 48% till 5pm, according to reports.
Polling started on a brisk note, slowed down around noon but again picked up, officials said.
Haryana, on the other hand, registered an record-breaking turnout figure, with the polling percentage reaching all-time high of 75.9. 
In 1967, maximum polling of 72.65% had taken place in Haryana, while in 1968, minimum polling of 57.26% was registered. In the 2009 elections, 72.37% polling was recorded.
The state had a very slow start in the morning especially in the urban areas. Stray incidents of violence marked the assembly polls in Haryana leaving 32 persons including 10 policemen injured.
While longer queues were seen in rural areas in Maharashtra , the low turnout in urban areas , especially in the rural areas prompted political leaders and celebrities to appeal to people to come out and vote.
Report of stray violence came from as a group of Maoists opened fire on a polling party at Maskipalli in Chamorshi tehsil in Gadchiroli district. "The policemen posted at the polling centre promptly returned the fire and the encounter is still going on," Gadchiroli police PRO said. Further details are awaited.
Cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, and film actors Salman Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Rekha and Bomman Irani came out to vote in the morning, and urged Mumbai's citizens to come out in larger numbers.
"Go vote, " tweeted Salman Khan, adding that people who were enjoying a picnic without going to vote would be the ones who would complain the most later on. 
Among the political leaders in Maharashtra who have voted so far are Sharad Pawar, and Ajit Pawar from the NCP, Devendra Fadnavis from the BJP, former home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and MNS chief Raj Thackeray.
"I am confident that people will choose Congress this time also for the work done in last 15 years," Prithviraj Chavan said after casting his vote in Karad.
 
"There has been a change in the government at the Centre, major alliances have ended, and all political parties are taking their chances in this poll," he said.
The high turnout for the assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra indicates "polling against Congress misrule", BJP said as it claimed that it would form the government in the two states after winning a decisive mandate from the voters.
 
"We claim that these polling trends are in favour of BJP and we will form governments with absolute majority in both Maharashtra and Haryana.
 
"This heavy polling is against the Congress misrule and corruption and in favour of BJP's good governance and development and credible leadership," BJP general secretary JP Nadda told reporters in Delhi.
Earlier in the day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi  tweeted,  urging voters in both states to come out and vote. "Youngsters should show the way and ensure a  high voter turnout.
The polls are a major test as much of Modi’s personal charisma as his party’s strategy to abandon long-standing allies in search of political majority in two key states.
Just ahead of the elections, the BJP snapped its 25-year old alliance with the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and parted ways with Kuldeep Bishnoi's Haryana Janhit Congress in Haryana.
A victory will not only reaffirm Modi’s appeal with voters but also silence detractors of his new party leadership, which was blamed for a string of defeats in assembly by-elections that tempered the euphoria of his Lok Sabha triumph.

Dutch bike gang members join Kurds to take on ISISDutch bike gang members join Kurds to take on ISIS
AFP
The Hague, October 15, 2014
First Published: 12:24 IST(15/10/2014)
print
The Dutch public prosecutor said on Tuesday that motorbike gang members who have reportedly joined Kurds battling the Islamic State group in Iraq are not necessarily committing any crime.
"Joining a foreign armed force was previously punishable, now it's no longer forbidden," public prosecutor spokesman Wim de Bruin told AFP.
"You just can't join a fight against the Netherlands," he told AFP after reports emerged that Dutch bikers from the No Surrender gang were fighting IS insurgents alongside Kurds in northern Iraq.
The head of No Surrender, Klaas Otto, told state broadcaster NOS that three members who travelled to near Mosul in northern Iraq were from Dutch cities Amsterdam, Rotterdam and Breda.
A photograph on a Dutch-Kurdish Twitter account shows a tattooed Dutchman called Ron in military garb, holding a Kalashnikov assault rifle while sat with a Kurdish comrade.
Members of Dutch Biker Gang Are Fighting ISIS in Iraq http://t.co/ynJ5nJupFk pic.twitter.com/lMSoHElGkD — The Mass Deception (@MassDeception1) October 14, 2014
Video footage apparently from a Kurdish broadcaster shows an armed European man with Kurdish fighters saying in Dutch: "The Kurds have been under pressure for a long time."
Many countries including the Netherlands have been clamping down on their nationals trying to join IS jihadists who have taken over swathes of Iraq and Syria.
Measures include confiscating would-be jihadists' passports before travelling and threatening prosecution should they return.
"The big difference with IS is that it's listed as a terrorist group," said De Bruin.
"That means that even preparing to join IS is punishable."
Dutch citizens could not however join the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), as it is blacklisted as a terrorist organisation by Ankara and much of the international community, De Bruin said.
Dutch citizens fighting on the Kurdish side would of course be liable to prosecution if they committed crimes such as torture or rape, De Bruin said.
"But this is also happening a long way away and so it'll be very difficult to prove," said De Bruin.

Manipuri student leader attacked in Bangalore  told  this is not ChinaManipuri student attacked in Bangalore, 3 arrested
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, October 15, 2014
First Published: 13:13 IST(15/10/2014) | Last Updated: 22:54 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
In a suspected case of hate crime, Bengaluru police arrested three men on Wednesday who reportedly assaulted a Manipuri student with rocks for not speaking the local language.
Michael Haokip, president of a Manipuri students' association, after being attacked on Tuesday night, in what seems like a hate crime. (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
T Michael Lamjathang Haokip was attacked a little after midnight in a part of the city mostly inhabited by migrants, particularly students from the northeast states and Africa. The 26-year-old received wounds to his head and back but doctors said he was out of danger.
People from India’s seven northeast states are frequently singled out for abuse in other parts of the country because they look different and often dress different, say social scientists. More than 30,000 people from the Northeast fled Bengaluru in August 2012 after a handful of such attacks sparked rumours of a larger conspiracy.
“They kept asking me to speak in Kannada. They said, ‘If you outsiders know how to eat food that is produced in Karnataka, you must also know to speak Kannada. This is India not China.’ I tried to reason with them but they were hysterical,” a profusely bleeding Michael told Hindustan Times at the Kothanur police station.
Two of Michael’s friends – Ngamkholen Haokip, 28, and Rocky Kipgen, 25 – who were with him when he was assaulted on Wednesday escaped with minor wounds. 
Michael Lamjathang Haokip at Kothanur police station (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
 
Michael said the people who gathered because of the commotion immediately sided with the attackers.
“A friend from my community, Letmang Haokip, 35, was passing by on his motorcycle. I jumped onto the bike and we started racing towards the police station. But the people followed us on their bikes and one of them crashed into us. We fell down and I started running for my life towards the police station. Just then a police patrol car arrived and the mob scattered,” he said.
Letmang, who could not leave his motorcycle behind and escape, said the mob snatched valuables and the bike’s documents from him. “They would have probably killed me but Michael returned with the police.”
Obed Haokip, 46, one of Michael’s friends who arrived with a police patrol team, said some associates of a local politician helped a few of the attackers escape.
“Three persons have been arrested and investigations are on to ascertain if this was a hate crime,” said additional commissioner of police Alok Kumar.
Boxer MC Mary Kom, who hails from Manipur and was in Bengaluru for an event, also condemned the incident.
“There should be unity and peace in our country, so that such incidents don’t repeat again,” the Olympic medallist said.

Stainless steel pickling industries inspected  DPCC tells NGTStainless steel pickling industries inspected  DPCC tells NGT
Analysis - Worrying for Saudi  U.S. oil output cuts could take a whileAnalysis - Worrying for Saudi  U.S. oil output cuts could take a while
#Expansion plans for #Visakhapatnam Port#Expansion plans for #Visakhapatnam Port
Sebi withholds product approval for MF s asset management armsSebi withholds product approval for MF s asset management arms
Decline in exports growth disappointing: FIEO PresidentDecline in exports growth disappointing: FIEO President
Russian hackers use Windows for spyingRussian hackers exploit Windows to spy on West
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery October 14, 2014: 4:09 PM ET
 
28 years of Windows in :75
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Russian hackers have taken advantage of a bug in Microsoft Windows to spy on the Ukrainian government and a scholar living in the United States.
That's according to iSight Partners , a cybersecurity intelligence firm that contracts with governments. In a report Tuesday, the firm said it discovered the never-before-seen attack, which has been used by hackers in recent months.
The bug the hackers used exists in all modern versions of the Windows operating system: Vista, 7, 8 and 8.1. It's also present in 2008 and 2012 versions of Windows used by company servers. That means the vast majority of the world's computers -- nearly 68%, according to NetMarketShare -- are vulnerable to this unique type of attack.
Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ), which first learned of the bug from iSight Partners, released a patch at 1 p.m. EST.
 
Meet Microsoft Cortana, Siri for Windows
The Russian government did not respond to requests for comment. The Ukrainian government said it could not provide an immediate statement.
ISight, a Dallas-based intelligence firm, first spotted hackers using this attack in mid-August, sending phishing emails to Ukrainian government officials. The emails included a malware-laced PowerPoint attachment that claimed to be a terrorist watch list of pro-Russian separatists.
The malware had been tailored to spy on computers by quietly stealing emails and documents.
Related: FBI director says iPhones shield pedophiles from cops
The complexity and uniqueness of the attack led iSight to believe Russian hackers with government ties were responsible. Zero-day attacks (identified that way because they are brand new) are costly to develop, making them "typically the domain of cyber espionage teams and nation-states," said Stephen Ward, an executive at iSight Partners.
"The types of targets they were after relate to military, foreign policy and critical elements of the Russian GDP," Ward said.
That included a university researcher in the American Midwest who specializes in Russian culture, Ward said.
Investigators at iSight Partners were able to partially trace the attack, because hackers had made a mistake: A computer server sending messages to victimized computers was left openly visible on the Internet. On it were documents written in Russian language -- including instructions on how to use the malware.
The investigators believe the hackers are also responsible for spying attacks on a European government agency, a French telecom company and a Polish energy firm.
ISight dubbed the hacking group the "SandWorm Team," because the code it used was littered with references to the science fiction classic Dune . Sandworms are massive monsters that play a primary role in the novel.
This is only the latest cyberattack blamed on hackers in Russia. In the last year alone, Russia has been accused of attacking U.S. oil and gas companies , as well as placing a digital bomb in the Nasdaq and hacking JPMorgan and several other financial institutions .
CNNMoney is investigating recent hacks. Have you had money stolen from your bank account? Has someone stolen your identity? Share your story .

Modi announces Rs. 1000 cr for Andhra PradeshUpdated: October 15, 2014 04:40 IST
Modi announces Rs. 1000 cr for Andhra Pradesh
G. Narasimha Rao
Tweet
Prime Minister Narendramodi at Vizag airport, during his visit to review the situation of areas affected by Cyclone Hudhud. Photo:PIB
Hudhud effect: The aerial photograph received from the Indian Navy, shows a river overflowing into the paddy fields in Visakhapatnam on Tuesday.
PTI Cyclone Hudhud, which battered several districts of Andhra Pradesh on Sunday, left a trail of destruction in its wake. Photo shows a damaged boat in Visakhapatnam.
TOPICS
cyclones
The PM, who arrived in Visakhapatnam, visited the cyclone-hit areas along with Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited the port city on Tuesday to witness the devastation caused by Cyclone Hudhud and announced a Rs. 1,000-crore interim assistance for all areas affected by the very severe storm in Andhra Pradesh. He announced a Rs. 2-lakh ex gratia each to the families of people killed in cyclone-related incidents and Rs. 50,000 each to those injured.
‘Centre, State were in perfect synergy’
Mr. Modi said the Centre and the State had coordinated perfectly to minimise damage during the cyclone. But no one could stop a natural calamity.
“We have selected Visakhapatnam to be developed as a smart city. I also heard that it is a beautiful city. It is unfortunate that it suffered such a heavy damage. But we will render all help,” Mr. Modi said after reviewing the situation with Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu at the Collectorate here.
Union Ministers M. Venkaiah Naidu and P. Ashok Gajapathi Raju were present at the review.
Mr. Modi and his team reached here by a special aircraft after 1 p.m. and were received by Mr. Naidu and others at the old terminal. The Prime Minister visited the new terminal and saw the damage the cyclone had caused. From there, he drove to the Collectorate in the city accompanied by Mr. Naidu. The review meeting lasted about half an hour. Later, he left for New Delhi. Mr. Naidu said the Navy suffered a loss of Rs. 2,000 crore.

Switzerland seeks stronger economic ties wit...You are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Switzerland looks forward to stronger economic ties with India
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 01.04PM IST
Tags:
ambassador
(India and Switzerland have…)
NEW DELHI: Looking to strengthen bilateral economic ties, Switzerland today said there is a clear expectation that the new Indian government would support and "not hamper" entrepreneurial spirit of businesses in India. Swiss Ambassador to India Linus von Castelmur said a robust growth of Indian economy and stable rupee would be very much in the interest of Swiss exporters and investors.
India and Switzerland have long standing bilateral ties across diverse areas including in the economic sphere. However, in recent times, there have been differences on the matter of alleged illicit money stashed by Indians in Swiss banks and both sides are looking to sort out the issue. The Ambassador also emphasised that intensification of interaction between India and Switzerland would spur economic relations and translate into more bilateral trade and investments.
"The clear result of this year's elections is an unmistakable verdict for a strong and stable government capable of implementing framework conditions to unleash India's huge potential and to take the country back on a high growth path it needs and deserves," Castelmur said. "... Particularly in the business world there is a clear expectation that the new government will support and not hamper the unique entrepreneurial spirit of Indian business men and women," Castelmur said here.
According to him, this expectation as well as trust that positive change will happen has already partly been factored to a rising 30-share Sensex and an appreciating rupee. In recent years, Swiss exporters have been hit by a weak rupee. "After having decreased 10 per cent in 2012 and 24 per cent in 2013, Swiss exports to India lost a further 25 per cent in the first half of 2014. This is a considerable setback," Castelmur said.
The Ambassador was speaking at an event organised by industry body Assocham on 'Switzerland - the business gateway to Europe'. Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led government came to power in May after sweeping general elections.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sebi approves Rs 1 600 cr rights issue of Fu...You are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
Sebi approves upto Rs 1,600 cr rights issue of Future Retail
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 01.43PM IST
Tags:
Axis Capital Limited.
(Kishore Biyani-promoted…)
NEW DELHI: Kishore Biyani-promoted Future Retail has received market regulator Sebi's approval to raise up to Rs 1,600 crore through rights issue.
The company had filed its application with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) for the proposed rights issue in July.
Sebi issued its final observations on the draft offer documents on October 10, according to the latest update by the market regulator.
The regulator had received the draft offer documents on July 22 through its lead manager Axis Capital Limited.
Issuance of 'observations' on offer documents by Sebi is considered as a clearance to the issuer to go ahead with the share issues through routes like IPOs, FPOs and rights issue.
Earlier in August, Sebi had sought clarification from the merchant banker of Future Retail regarding the company's Rs 1,600 crore rights issue.
In a rights issue, shares are issued to existing investors as per their holding at pre-determined price and ratio.
Future Retail is the flagship company of Future Group and is into organised multi-format retail business in India.
The company has retail stores in various formats, including food, fashion apparels, accessories and footwear, general merchandise, consumer durables and electronics.
The firm has pan-India presence with over 320 stores in nearly 100 cities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IndiGo places largest order worth $25.5 bn for 250 A-320 neo jets with Airbus320neo jets
(While the airline has received…)
NEW DELHI: IndiGo, India's biggest domestic airline by market share, has signed a blockbuster agreement with Airbus for 250 A320neos, the planemaker's single biggest order for such aircraft. The deal is worth $25.7 billion at a list price of $103 million apiece, although carriers typically negotiate lower rates for bulk orders.
Under the agreement, the airline has the right to buy another 100 planes. Aditya Ghosh, president of IndiGo, justified the size of the order. "We have always maintained that air penetration in the Indian market is lower than countries like the Philippines and a lot more needs to be done to increase capacity in the Indian market," he said in a phone interview. The no-frills airline emerged on the Indian aviation scene in 2005-06 with an order for 100 Airbus A320 aircraft. In January 2011, it topped this by ordering 180 A320neos, then the biggest commercial plane order by volume in aviation history.
That order worth $15 billion at list prices is still pending.
IndiGo's big-ticket orders feed into its strategy of rotating the fleet to keep it young besides beefing up earnings through the sale and leaseback of planes, helping it become the only Indian carrier to consistently declare profits while rivals have suffered. However, FY14 profit halved to Rs 317 crore from Rs 787 crore in the previous year. The company is slated for an initial public offering and has hired four investment banks toward this end.
The IndiGo fleet expansion plan comes amid the entry of new players and an industry transformation that began in 2012, when the government changed the rules to allow overseas airline companies to invest in domestic carriers that badly needed cash to expand and repay debt. While Vijay Mallya-run Kingfisher Airlines was forced to stop flying in October 2012, Etihad has invested $379 million to buy a 24 per cent stake in Jet. AirAsia India recently began operations and Vistara, jointly owned by the Tata Group and Singapore Airlines, will soon be entering the market.
"The (IndiGo-Airbus) deal is a strong indicator of the long-term potential of the Indian civil aviation market despite severe shortterm challenges," said Amber Dubey, partner and India head of aerospace and defence at global consultancy KPMG.
The size of this order and sales to other carriers could persuade Airbus to set up facilities in India." We hope that given their stupendous success in India, Airbus may consider expanding their presence in India to MRO (maintenance, repair, and overhaul), component manufacturing and maybe, aircraft assembly one day, a la China," Dubey said.
Airbus and Boeing, the world's leading plane makers, compete aggressively for orders. Insiders speak of how this was the case with IndiGo's initial order as well. "Boeing tries very hard to compete, but it has become a pattern that we win the order," said Kiran Rao, Airbus executive vicepresident of strategy and marketing, over the phone. He refused to divulge the deal's financial details. "I'm not going to discuss pricing. Don't even go there," he said. While IndiGo has received 99 aircraft from the 100-aircraft order, delivery of the 180-aircraft order will begin shortly.
"The additional aircraft will enable us to continue to bring our low fares... and create more job opportunities and growth," Ghosh said. Industry sources said deliveries of the latest order are expected to begin in 2018, following the completion of the 180-aircraft order.
 
The airline was founded in 2005 by Rahul Bhatia's InterGlobe Enterprises and Rakesh Gangwal, who formerly headed US Airways. Bhatia was ET's entrepreneur of the year in 2011.
IndiGo has a fleet of 83 planes, managed by an efficient rotation strategy, selling old planes to lessors before taking delivery of new ones.
Newer planes mean low maintenance costs. Rao said the 320neos have the lowest fuel burn rate in comparison with peers, significant in a country where taxes on aviation turbine fuel are among the highest in the world. India will require 1,200 new aircraft in the next 20 years, according to Airbus. Rao expects more orders to come from Vistara and Air Asia India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple  Facebook will pay for female employees to freeze their eggsApple, Facebook will pay for female employees to freeze their eggs
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 01.45PM IST
Egg freezing is a pricey but increasingly popular option for women. It enables women to delay child bearing.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc and Facebook Inc will help pay for female employees to freeze their eggs, signaling a willingness to spend on perks and benefits in a race to acquire top-flight talent.
From January, Apple will pay both full- and part-time employees up to $20,000 for procedure and storage costs for female employees to freeze their eggs.
"We continue to expand our benefits for women, with a new extended maternity leave policy, along with cryopreservation and egg storage as part of our extensive support for infertility treatments," Apple said in a statement. "We want to empower women at Apple to do the best work of their lives as they care for loved ones and raise their families."
NBC News reported on Tuesday that Facebook recently began covering egg-freezing for non-medical reasons, making it one of the first major employers in the technology sector to do so. A Facebook spokeswoman confirmed that the company rolled out the benefit in January in response to requests from employees, among other reasons.
Egg freezing is a pricey but increasingly popular option for women. It enables women to delay child bearing. The procedure is also used by women who have to undergo medical treatments that interfere with fertility such as with cancer.
The procedure typically costs up to $10,000, with an additional $500 for storage each year.
In the raging war for talent, Silicon Valley companies are offering an array of new family-planning perks. Apple said it also reimburses eligible expenses associated with the legal adoption of a child.
"Egg freezing gives women more control," said Jennifer Tye, marketing lead for Glow, a mobile application aimed at helping women avoid pregnancy or conceive.

Assembly Polls in Pictures: Film Stars  Politicians Come Out to VoteAssembly Polls in Pictures: Film Stars  Politicians Come Out to Vote
Reset in Russia-US relations  impossible : M...Reset in Russia-US relations 'impossible': Dmitry Medvedev
By AFP | 15 Oct, 2014, 02.25PM IST
0
Share More
Russian PM Dmitry Medvedev thinks a reset in relations between Moscow and Washington is "impossible" while punishing Western sanctions remain in force.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MOSCOW: Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev thinks a reset in relations between Moscow and Washington is "impossible" while punishing Western sanctions remain in force, he said in an interview aired by US TV Wednesday.
Medvedev blasted US and EU measures imposed on Russia over its role in the Ukraine crisis as "absolutely destructive" and "stupid" and said there was no chance of mending ties with the White House while they were in place.
"No, of course not. It's absolutely impossible. Let's be clear: we did not come up with these sanctions. Our international partners did," Medvedev told American channel CNBC, according to a transcript by on the government's website.
East-West relations have slumped to their lowest ebb since the end of the Cold War over accusations Moscow is backing a separatist uprising in eastern Ukraine.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Tuesday held three hours of talks with US counterpart John Kerry in Paris at which Washington's top diplomat laid down a series of conditions to lift sanctions.
"And at this point... many of them are happening now. The troops are pulling back, (but) the heavy equipment still has to be pulled back and the border is yet to be properly monitored and secured," Kerry said.
Russian President Vladimir Putin, who is due to meet Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko in Milan on Friday, at the weekend called back from the Ukrainian border 17,600 soldiers he had stationed there.

Brisk polling in Maharashtra; multi-cornered fight in HaryanaPrint
Mumbai, Oct 15 (IANS) Brisk polling was under way across Maharashtra, with people queuing at many polling stations since early Wednesday.
Voting started for the 288 Maharashtra assembly constituencies and the lone Lok Sabha by-elections for Beed parliamentary seat at 7 a.m. Wednesday amidst tight security.
Among the early voters were former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and his family members in Baramati, Leader of Opposition in Legislative Council Vinod Tawde and his family in Mumbai, Pankaja Munde in Beed and actor Rekha in Mumbai.
Polling was briefly suspended at two polling stations in Nagpur and one in Nashik owing to a technical glitch. The details are not yet known.
There was tight security at all the 91,376 polling stations across the state, including more than 9,900 classified as 'hyper-sensitive'. Besides, there are another 62 'sensitive' polling stations in Mumbai.
An electorate of around 8.35 crore is eligible to cast their vote and elect 288 representatives from among 4,119 candidates in the state, including 276 women.
The Beed Lok Sabha by-election is being held to fill the seat that fell vacant following the death of former union minister Gopinath Munde last June.
Polling begins for Haryana assembly polls
Polling for 90 assembly seats in Haryana began Wednesday morning.
Voters could be seen queued up at some polling stations even before the official start time of 7 a.m.
Over 1.63 crore voters are eligible to exercise their franchise.
Polling will be held at 16,357 polling centres between 7 a.m. and 6 p.m.
There are 1,351 candidates in the fray, including a record 109 women. Most seats are witnessing multi-cornered contests this time.
The main contest is between the ruling Congress, the main opposition Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). (With additional inputs)
Recommend

Promoters take Rs 5 500-cr hit in DLF share plungePromoters take Rs 5 500-cr hit in DLF share plunge
Ruthless nailman  attacks children & scratches themEYE BROWSE
Ruthless ‘nailman’ rattles Patna children
More than half a dozen students from various schools in Patna have been attacked by the man since last Friday.
Mail Today –  Tue 14 Oct, 2014
Print
PATNA: School students in Patna are petrified after a spate of violent attacks on them in the past few days by an unidentified assailant known only as ‘nailman’.
More than half a dozen students from various schools in Patna have been attacked by the man since last Friday.
He has been given the name "Nailman" by locals because of his modus operandi. According to eyewitnesses, the assailant, a stocky man in his twenties and who wears an all-black outfit, first accosts a child, slaps him or her hard, then scratches the child all over their body with his big, sharp nails.
The police have launched a search for the man after they were approached by authorities from a government school where two students were attacked on Friday.
The matter came to light when Rohit Kumar, a fourth standard student from a government primary school, was attacked by the man near Belwarganj when he was on his way back home from school.
Rohit suffered deep cuts and bruises on his face, hands and neck.
A similar incident happened the next day when Vikas Kumar, from the same school, was on his way to a stationery shop.
The attacker came up from behind and held his neck before slapping him hard.
Vikas’ friend Umanand Choudhary, who was with him, raised the alarm, forcing the attacker to let go of his victim. But Vikas ended up with deep nail marks on his body after the incident.
Prabhat Kumar, a senior teacher at the school, lodged a written complaint in this regard with the Alamganj police station.
Though the police initially took the incidents lightly, believing them to be the handiwork of a mentally sick man, similar incidents were reported soon after from different localities.
Two brothers, Sagar Kumar Mishra and Rahul Kumar Mishra, at the same school - were attacked together by the same man.
Sagar said that a bulky man approached him and held his hand forcefully. When his brother tried to save him, he scratched both of them with his nails.
Recommend

TCS Q2 profit seen up 5%  dollar revenue may grow over 7%TCS Q2 profit seen up 5%  dollar revenue may grow over 7%
NCDRC dismisses insurance claim to truck driverNCDRC dismisses insurance claim to truck driver
Death of 158 Indians registered in Kuwait in 3 monthsDeath of 158 Indians registered in Kuwait in 3 months
IndiGo gives Airbus largest single order of 280 A-320sIndiGo gives Airbus largest single order of 280 A-320s
Embryonic stem cell transplants to cure disorders found safe for long-term.Embryonic stem cell transplants to cure disorders found safe for long-term.
Cyclone woes: 20-lt water bottles sold at Rs 300 in VizagVisakhapatnam remains without power, essential commodities
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Tue 14 Oct, 2014
Print
Visakhapatnam: People in this cyclone-ravaged port city in Andhra Pradesh continue to live without electricity and communication facilities for the third day Tuesday. The lack of drinking water, shortage of milk and other essential commodities have added to their woes.
Two days after severe cyclonic storm Hudhud battered the coast, the city of 18 lakh remained under darkness. Lack of water supply has hit them hard. There is no piped water supply of drinking water. The motor pumps installed in houses and apartments are not functioning as the power supply is yet to be restored.
Citizens complained that authorities have failed to supply water through tankers. Cashing in on the situation are greedy retailers, who are selling 20 liter water bottle for Rs.300.
Women holding their children were seen running around for milk. Many of them were standing in serpentine queues. At some places half-liter packet is being sold for Rs.50, twice its actual price.
With roads connecting the city to neighbouring districts yet to be cleared, milk and other essential commodities have not reached.
Mobile phones are not functioning in the city for third day as telecom services are yet to be restored. ATM machines are also not working.
Visakhapatnam, the biggest city in the state, still looks like a war zone with streets filled with felled trees, electricity poles, communication towers, wires, shattered pieces of glass and other debris.
National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) teams were busy clearing the roads. Officials said they were trying their best to restore electricity by Tuesday evening.
The cyclone which hit the coast near this city Sunday with heavy rains a gale speed of 185 kmph claimed 21 lives in three north coastal districts - Visakhapatnam, Srikakulam and Vijayanagaram.
About 600,000 people have taken shelter in relief camps set up by authorities in the three districts and adjoining East Godavari. The natural disaster has damaged nearly 7,000 houses, destroyed electricity and communication networks and paralysed transport.
State-owned Road Transport Corporation (RTC) resumed services in some parts of the region. However, train services were affected for the third day while air services to and from Visakhapatnam are yet to be resumed.
In Srikakulam district, which also remained without electricity, few villages were marooned. Some low-lying areas in Srikakulam town were also inundated. However, the district authorities heaved a sigh of relief as water levels receded in Nagavali and Vamsadhara rivers.
Recommend

Dilip Pendse guilty of illegal trades: SEBIUpdated: October 14, 2014 23:26 IST
Dilip Pendse guilty of illegal trades: SEBI
PTI
Tweet
The latest order from the market regulator prohibits Mr. Pendse from accessing capital markets for two years
In a high-profile case dating back to over 12 years, the Securities and Exchange Board of India has found former Tata Finance Managing Director Dilip Pendse had executed ‘illegal transactions’ in stocks of four firms, including Infosys and erstwhile Telco.
The latest order prohibits Mr. Pendse from accessing capital markets for two years.
While the present order, passed on Monday, comes into effect immediately, SEBI said the period of prohibition already undergone by Mr. Pendse (imposed by an earlier order dated December 24, 2012) would be taken into account while implementing the new directive.
Amid a public spat between him and the Tata group, Mr. Pendse was removed as Tata Finance chief way back in 2001 after a company subsidiary ran huge mark-to-market losses and the group also filed criminal charges against him.
While Mr. Pendse refuted all charges, which included those related to fraud, he also had to spend time in jail.
SEBI has passed the latest order after the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) quashed the market regulator’s December 24, 2012, directive against Mr. Pendse, and asked SEBI to pass a fresh order “on merits and in accordance with law as expeditiously as possible and in any event within a period of six months.’’
SAT gave these directions on April 16, 2014.
Giving the background of the case, SEBI said it began its probe after receipt of a complaint in October, 2002, from Tata Finance about Mr. Pendse conducting “illegal carry forward transactions in the scrips of Himachal Futuristic Communications Ltd. (HFCL), Tata Engineering and Locomotive Company Ltd. (at present known as Tata Motors), Infosys and Software Solutions India Ltd (SSI).
These illegal transactions were conducted by Mr. Pendse in complicity with two brokers — Jhunjhunwala Stockbrokers Pvt. Ltd. and Pratik Stock Vision — and on behalf of Inshaallah Investments, in which a Tata Finance subsidiary (Niskalp Investment and Trading) had a vital interest, according to SEBI.
After investigating the case, SEBI issued a show-cause notice in April, 2009, to Mr. Pendse, citing violations to its Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices Regulations. An order was passed by SEBI subsequently on December 24, 2012, which was challenged by Mr. Pendse before SAT.

JSW Cement seeking statutory nod for second plant in KarnatakaUpdated: October 14, 2014 23:31 IST
JSW Cement seeking statutory nod for second plant in Karnataka
Special Correspondent
company information
JSW Cement, a part of the JSW Group, is in the process of seeking statutory approvals to undertake exploratory drilling at a limestone deposit in Gulbarga district in Karnataka.
It will be the first step taking forward the company’s proposal for setting up a three million tonne clinkerisation plant in Chittapur in the northern district of the State, JSW Cement Director Pankaj Kulkarni said here on Tuesday.
Investment
At current estimates, the plant would entail an investment of Rs.2,000-2,500 crore, he replied to a query from presspersons. JSW Cement has three facilities, which together add to a capacity of six million tonnes portland slag cement (PSC). They are at Nandyal in Andhra Pradesh; Vijayanagar in Bellary, Karnataka; and Dolvi in Maharashtra.
The drilling would establish limestone reserve in the area. Thereafter, the land acquisition is to be initiated. “It will take two to three years to start the project,” he said, adding that three MT clinker would help make six million tonne PSC. The clinker is to be converted into PSC at the grinding units near the consumption centres.
The proposed facility is one of the components of JSW’s plan to increase the cement capacity to 25 million tonne by 2025.
JSW Cement is betting big on PSC, particularly on the back of the Centre’s emphasis on infrastructure development. The company is also in the process tying up with large consumers such as the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd. In order to create awareness of the benefits of PSC, the company, over the next few months, intends to educate the users.

Dhaula Kuan gangrape: Survivors life back home far from easyComments
Four years back, on November 24, 2010, one incident had changed her entire life. Every day, the 34-year-old gang rape survivor tries hard to forget the incident but she can’t keep the haunting memories from coming back.
Hundreds of women from the Northeast continue to face abuse, molestation and violence on Delhi's streets every day. (Mohd Zakir/ HT File Photo)
Pretending as if nothing ever happened is the toughest part. Back in the Northeast, their neighbours and villagers know nothing about the gruesome incident.
“We have not told anyone about what happened to her when she was in Delhi. When she was going to the capital to work, many people had stopped me and asked me to dissuade her. But our financial condition was such that we did not have any other option,” the woman’s father told HT over the phone.
After separating from her husband, the onus of fending for her young son, aged parents and four siblings fell on the victim, forcing her to leave her young child back at home and move to an unknown, big city.
Friends from the community helped her find an accommodation in north Delhi in 2009. Soon after she got a job at a call centre in Gurgaon, she moved to a house in south Delhi near Dhaula Kuan.
“She had started warming up to the place. In fact she liked the open-mindedness of the people in that big city. She had made new friends and was planning to bring her son to Delhi,” said a relative.
But that one incident changed everything. She moved back home. But leaving everything behind wasn’t that easy.
Read: All 5 held guilty in Delhi's Dhaula Kuan rape case
The rape survivor’s father said that unknown people would call her incessantly, initially offering her money to withdraw the case. These calls would later turn into threats.
“Though we were tempted to withdraw the case, the activists and lawyers persuaded us to stick around not just for her sake but for the hundreds of migrant women who face abuse here every day,” the relative added.
Sources from the police said that she went back months after the case proceedings commenced.
Tuesday’s verdict may have relieved the woman and her family, but hundreds of women from the Northeast continue to wage a battle against abuse, molestation and violence every day.
“The verdict will definitely relieve the victim’s family, but we want more than just punishment for these five men. We want the city to be safe for women like us,” said Melody AS, an activist.

Asian shares mixed with China price data offering supportAsian shares mixed with China price data offering support
Football crazy Dhoni has a field dayFootball crazy Dhoni has a field day
With the third ODI in Vizag called off, skipper takes time out to hone his soccer skills.
By By Baidurjo Bhose in New Delhi | Mail Today –  Wed 15 Oct, 2014 12:38 PM IST
Tweet
0
India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni’s tryst with football started as a goalkeeper during his school days. And while he makes no bones about his love for the game, it was surprising to see him take his passion to the next level at the Ferozeshah Kotla on Tuesday.
His favourite game.Even as other players preferred to play the customary warm- up game in their sneakers or cricket spikes, Dhoni put on his football boots. For a moment, one could have very easily confused him for a professional footballer.
Although Virat Kohli is known to share the same passion for the beautiful game, he preferred to remain in his cricket shoes. While it was good to see such dedication, one would have wished that the skipper and his team put in exactly the same effort in honing their cricketing skills. After all, while India lost the first ODI in Kochi, they managed to make things pretty tense in the middle overs before managing a win in the second match at the Kotla.
In fact, Dhoni had himself admitted that he wasn’t too happy with the performance of his players, and it was a wake- up call going into the World Cup early next year. “ We have not played to our potential. I feel quite a few things are missing. We have to pull up our socks. This game ( second ODI) was crucial for us. We were on the winning side, but could have lost it,” he said.
With the third ODI between India and West Indies in Vizag called off due to Cyclone Hudhud, the teams have stayed back for an extra couple of days in the Capital, and while the visitors trained at the Kotla even on Monday afternoon, the Indian team decided to rest and hit the nets only a day later.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

LIVE: Brisk polling in Maharashtra  Haryana73%
Women voters interacting with poll officials at Gurgaon. Photo: Shivkumar Pushpakar
In Haryana. three major parties — the Congress, the BJP and the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) — seem to be locked in a neck-and-neck race.
Maharashtra registered an over 40 per cent voter turnout while over 50 per cent voting was held in Haryana, which witnessed stray incidents of violence, in the first eight hours of polling on Wednesday in the riveting contest to elect assemblies in the two states.
3:23 pm Mumbai votes only 28.36% till 1pm.
3:21 pm Mumbai twitteratti vent out their anger over low turnout in Mumbai.
Mumbaikars tweet their anguish over the low voter turnout for the #MaharashtraElections #Mumbai #GetInked pic.twitter.com/s60cqGKmZo
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
3:14 pm
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
3:13 pm
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
3: 10 pm Despite a disappointing turnout in Mumbai, voters battled the blistering October heat to exercise their franchise in large numbers in Pune district and other parts of Western Maharashtra.
At 69.27 lakh voters, the district has the highest number of voters in the State who will decide the fate of 308 candidates in 21 Assembly segments.
2:47 pm: Kolhapur, Sangli and Satara in the State’s sugar belt records poll per cent figures of 32, 38 and 34 respectively.
2 pm: Maharashtra Congress' key candidate Patangrao Kadam's constituency Palus records highest voter turnout of 49.54% till 1pm.
1:44 pm:
Untimely rains may affect voting % in #Vidarbha . Very few districts record double digit voting % till afternoon, reports @pavan2388
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
1:32 pm:
— sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) October 15, 2014
1:28 pm: Congress will win despite anti-incumbency, says former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan. Read here
1:15 pm:
— Alok Deshpande (@alokdesh) October 15, 2014
12:43 pm: Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray expresses confidence that Sena will form government in Maharashtra.
"I am confident that Mumbai, Maharashtra will vote for those who have always been with the people in their moments of joy and sorrow," he says after voting with wife and son Aditya Thackeray.
12:36 pm:
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
12:13 pm:
Voters outside a polling station at Haryana. Shiv Kumar Pushpakar
12:11 pm: "Don't treat this as a public holiday. You can't complain against the government if you don't vote," says actor Kirron Kher.
12:05 pm:
— Alok Deshpande (@alokdesh) October 15, 2014
11:46 am: Polling in three segments in Gadchiroli under heavy security cover, amid a boycott call by Maoists. Read here
11:41 am: Polling percentage in Haryana elections: Badshahpur 10.3 % in , Gurgaon 11.8% , Pataudi 11.4% and Sohna 9.3%
11:39 am:
Maharashtra will vote for national parties, and not for small, regional parties: Former CM Prithviraj Chavan @vinivdvc #MaharashtraElections
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
Despite achievements, #Congress failed to aggressively project itself in Maharashtra, says @milinddeora #MaharashtraElections @vinivdvc
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
11:35 am: Shiv Sena takes out advertisements on poll day.
“Ravana was not killed by hand (Congress symbol), a clock (NCP) or a flower (implying BJP’s Lotus). He was taken down by a bow and arrow.” Read here.
Sachin Tendulkar and his wife Anjali display their inked fingers after casting votes in Mumbai.
11:33 am: Pankaja Munde, BJP leader and daughter of deceased leader Gopinath Munde, says the party tried its best to save alliance with the BJP. She expresses confidence that BJP will win complete majority in Maharashtra.
Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan says people will vote for a national party in the State, and will not prefer smaller, regional parties.
11 am: Union Minister Nitin Gadkari tells Shiv Sena that Narendra Modi is the youths' icon, leader of the nation, and that BJP won't tolerate his insult. "We have respected all parties. If someone does not respect us, they should at least not insult us."
10:54 am: The estimated polling percentage in some districts in Maharashtra: Aurangabad 10%, Beed 9%, Solapur 8%, Kolhapur 10%, Hingoli 8.5%, Osmanabad 9%, Nashik 7%, and Parbhani 7.5%
10:49 am:
— PAVAN DAHAT (@pavan2388) October 15, 2014
10:43 am: I&B Minister Prakash Javadekar says it is time for change in Maharashtra. "If Lok Sabha was Dhoom, this is Dhoom 2," he says.
10:37 am: If a tea-seller can become the Prime Minister, then why can't a Thackeray become the Chief Minister if the people of the State decide?" asks Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray. Read here
10:28 am:
— Alok Deshpande (@alokdesh) October 15, 2014
10:19am: Voters queuing at Sangharsh Nagar in Powai, Mumbai.
10:08 am: Watch a live webcast of pollling from Naxal-impacted Gadchiroli district here .
9:58 am: Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan casts his vote in Karad.
9:49 am: Lightning strikes at a polling booth in Vidarbha's Savner constituency. One dead and 6 injured, confirms our reporter Alok Deshpande.
9:47 am: Home Minister Rajnath Singh tweeted:
Urging the voters of Maharashtra & Haryana to go out and vote in large numbers. In democracy the votes bring change, so vote for change.
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) October 15, 2014
9:44 am:
EVM breaks down in Mumbai's Sewri,rains in Vidarbha, no electricity in polling booth Shivtirthnagar in Pune @the_hindu @Mumbai_Connect
— Alok Deshpande (@alokdesh) October 15, 2014
8:55 am: A day before the elections, BJP state president Devendra G. Fadnavis was supremely confident, said his party is all set to capture power in the state for the first time. Read here
8:50 am: Baramati MP Supriya Sule casts her vote. Ms. Sule is the daughter of NCP party chief Sharad Pawar.

Hong Kong-based Hubble buys majority stake in wearable devices startup ConnovateHong Kong-based Hubble buys majority stake in wearable devices startup Connovate
Can world produce enough food for 2 bn more ...Can the world produce enough food for 2 billion more people?
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 01.42PM IST
Projections of global population growth vary widely with the United Nations last month forecasting numbers rising to 9.6 billion in 2050.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
ROME: With the world population rising, demographers are grappling with one of the most pressing issues of the century - will there be enough food for an extra two to four billion people?
Projections of global population growth vary widely with the United Nations last month forecasting numbers rising to 9.6 billion in 2050 and around 10.9 billion by the end of the century from 7.2 billion currently.
That is about 1.5 billion more people than another estimate calculated by the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA), a Vienna-based research organisation, which predicts a world population peak of 9.4 billion in 2070.
The Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations (FAO) estimates that 60 percent more food is needed to feed a world population of nine billion people.
Experts are divided on exactly how many people the earth can sustain but are in agreement that upper-end projections are a concern with profound implications for food prices, the environment, security and future planning by governments.
"Obviously 2 billion more people would mean greater pressures on food production and on the environment," said John Wilmoth, director of the United Nations' Population Division , ahead of a panel discussion on Wednesday on feeding the world at the Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO) in Rome.
"Historically, we have managed to expand food production more rapidly than population growth."
Projecting the future population at a time of new agricultural techniques, climate change impacting food production, and efforts underway to cut greenhouse gas emissions is seen by some to be as accurate as crystal ball gazing.
But the challenge is deemed to be three-sided with programmes to boost food output, to contain population growth, and address climate change seen as equally important.
The key difference between IIASA's forecast and the UN numbers stems from projections of what will happen in Africa, currently the world's fastest growing region.
EDUCATION AND RESOURCES
The continent's population could quadruple to four billion by 2100, the United Nations estimates. Others disagree.
Wolfgang Lutz , programme director for world population at the IIASA, disputes this figure.
He said young women across Africa are better educated today than older generations which should lead to a decline in fertility and research shows that educated women tend to have fewer children and later in life.
"The UN models are based on statistical extrapolations based on past trends, without looking at education," Lutz told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Education has been proved to impact birth rates.
Faced with high birthrates and overcrowding in the 1970s, authorities in Bangladesh, one the world's most densely populated countries, introduced family planning education, including door-to-door advice, and access to contraception.
The birthrate dropped to 2.3 children per woman today from from more than 6 children in 1971.
"This is one place where family planning has made a clear difference," John Bongaarts, director of the Population Council in New York, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
But even in countries where populations are growing fast, experts said hunger could be eliminated if resources were better utilised.
Most of the world's worst famines have been due to war or political instability, rather than a simple lack of food.
"The world gets into more trouble, the more people we have. That trouble gets reflected in climate changes, shortages of land, water and whatever else," Bongaarts said.
"The most likely outcome of population growth is higher food prices. I don't think we will run out of food, but continued high prices mean poor people will go hungry."

India state elections could unlock Modi reform pushIndia state elections could unlock Modi reform push
Ireland holds Germany in Euro qualifierUpdated: October 15, 2014 15:16 IST
Ireland holds Germany in Euro qualifier
IANS
AP Ireland players celebrate after scoring during the Euro 2016 Group D qualifying soccer match against Germany in Gelsenkirchen on Tuesday.
TOPICS
soccer
Ireland stunned Germany as John O’Shea snatched a last-grasp draw for his football team in the third round of Euro qualifiers.
Germany dominated for most part of the game but Toni Kroos’ long-range effort wasn’t enough as Ireland’s John O’Shea cancelled out the recently crowned World Champions’ lead in the dying seconds of the game Tuesday night, reports Xinhua.
The current FIFA world champions dictated the pace from the kick-off against their visitors who opted to sit deep.
The hosts needed just five minutes to create the first promising chance through youngster Erik Durm, who rattled the woodwork with a long range shot from 31 metres.
However, it remained Germany’s only noteworthy chance in the first half as they lacked the ideas to overcome Ireland’s well-positioned bulwark.
Germany piled on the pressure after the restart and created chances through Lukas Podolski, Karim Bellarabi, Toni Kroos and Thomas Mueller.
Nevertheless, the Germans had to wait until the 71st minute before Kroos broke the deadlock. The Real Madrid midfielder slotted home with a low shot from outside the box with assistance of the left post.
Germany’s opener was an awakening call for the visitors as they frenetically pressed for the equaliser in the closing period.
Ireland’s Jeff Hendrick assisted O’Shea in the box, who poked home into the bottom right to restore parity against the run of play in the 94th minute.
“We are of course very disappointed. Suffering such a late goal is very disappointing. We were just too naive in the last minutes and failed to extend the lead,” Germany’s head coach Joachim Loew said.
With the result Germany are now fourth in group D with four points while Ireland sit in second place with seven points.
Germany will face Gibraltar and Ireland will take on Scotland in a memorable tie in the upcoming fourth round of the Euro qualifiers.

Brisk voting in Maharashtra  33% turnout till late afternoonMaharashtra voter turnout at 55% till 5 pm
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 15, 2014 04:30 PM IST
Maharashtra witnessed brisk polling as the state went to polls Wednesday to elect a new state government, with the average voter turnout across 288 constituencies in excess of 55% till 5 pm.
Kagal constituency in Kolhapur district reported the highest turnout, with about half the electorate exercising its franchise. Bramhapuri in Chandrapur reported the lowest numbers, according to officials.
Mumbai, the state's capital that has acquired a reputation for voter apathy, could overturn that image this time. The maximum city registered 36% polling by 3 p.m., suggesting total turnout could cross the halfway mark by the time voting closes at 6 p.m.
About 84 million voters, of whom 53% are male and 47% women, will decide the fate of 4,119 candidates across the state. Prominent candidates in the fray include former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan of Congress, former deputy chief Ajit Pawar of NCP, former ministers R R Patil and Chhagan Bhujbal of NCP, BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis, Eknath Khadse, Vinod Tawde and Pankaja Munde of BJP, Subhash Desai, Suresh Jain and Deepak Kesarkar of Shiv Sena, former ministers Patangrao Kadam, Shivajirao Moghe and Rajendra Darda Congress and Bala Nandgaonkar of MNS.
Of the 4,119 candidates, 3,843 are male and 276 women. Of the 288 constituencies, including 36 in Mumbai, 234 are general, 29 reserved for scheduled castes and 25 for scheduled tribes.
While Nanded South has the maximum number of candidates (39), Akole and Guhagar have the minimum, with five each.
The BJP is fielding 280 candidates, BSP 260, CPI 34, CPM 19, Congress 287, NCP 278, Shiv Sena 282 and MNS 219.
Registered parties other than recognised state and national parties have 761 candidates in the fray, while 1,699 persons are going it alone as independent candidates. 
(With inputs from agencies)

Federal Bank Q2 profit may rise 3.6% to Rs 234.1 cr: PollFederal Bank Q2 profit may rise 3.6% to Rs 234.1 cr: Poll
PM Modi extends congratulations to new Afghan PrezPM Modi extends congratulations to new Afghan Prez
India to be second largest IT market in APAC by 2018India to be second largest IT market in APAC by 2018
Bypoll: 22 pc voting in first 5 hours in RajkotBypoll: 22 pc voting in first 5 hours in Rajkot
Akhilesh lays foundation stones of three big-ticket projectsAkhilesh lays foundation stones of three big-ticket projects
Rajan given Best Central Bank Governor award by EuromoneyRajan given Best Central Bank Governor award by Euromoney
DLF: Regulatory developments to remain an overhangDLF: Regulatory developments to remain an overhang
Puneet Wadhwa & Ram Prasad Sahu | New Delhi / Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 10:48 PM IST
For a company struggling with sluggish sales and a debt pile of about Rs 20,000 crore, as of March-end, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi)’s move to bar it, along with six of its top executives, including Chairman K P Singh, from accessing capital markets for three years is seen as a major dampener by analysts. While business operations won’t be impacted, the move will likely delay the company’s plan to cut debt, leaving DLF with limited options to improve its cash flows.
Not surprisingly, following the Sebi order, which came after market hours on Monday, the stock, part of eight ‘conviction’ ideas of Goldman Sachs (according to a September report), with a 12-month price target of Rs 292, lost about 30 per cent in intra-day deals on BSE to fall to Rs 103. This was the steepest single–day fall since the company was listed in 2007. The stock closed at Rs 104.95.
The Sebi order is the third setback for the company since August. The Supreme Court had, in August, directed DLF to deposit Rs 630 crore penalty, after the Competition Commission of India (CCI) found the company violated fair trade norms. In September, the Punjab and Haryana High Court had set aside the Haryana government’s decision to allot the company 350 acres in Wazirabad, Gurgaon. And, more regulatory action is likely (see story on the front page).
Impact of  Sebi order
Given the recent developments, analysts feel the company’s cost of debt could rise and its debt-repayment plans might be hit. “Sebi’s order will effectively prohibit the company from dealing in securities which, we believe, will include issue of equities, Reits (real estate investment trusts), debentures and other such marketable securities. This might prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers with DLF,” Aashiesh Agarwaal, an analyst tracking the sector with Edelweiss, said in a note. Also, refinancing the company’s total non-bank debt, about 45 per cent of its FY14 net debt of Rs 19,800 crore, might also come under pressure, Agarwaal adds.
Given new launches have dried up, sale/part-sale of the land bank of 259 million sq ft might also happen at discounted valuations. While DLF had set a target of 7.5 million sq ft new sales in FY15, it sold only 400,000 million sq ft in the quarter ended June. Analysts say amid this backdrop and a weak demand environment, it will be difficult for the company to meet its estimated new sales of Rs 3,000-3,500 crore this financial year (Rs 4,070 crore in FY14).
“In case the Supreme Court order related to CCI comes through, this will again have an adverse impact on FY15 and FY16 cash flows, which are already under strain. Since the cash flows will be impacted in a big way, DLF will have to resort to selling non-core assets in a substantial and significant manner through the next few quarters. To sell the inventory that has piled up, it might also have to reduce prices of residential units,” says Mayuresh Joshi, vice-president (institutional), Angel Broking.
Another concern for investors is the number of legal wrangles the company is involved in and the lack of clarity on the future. Besides, the development will push back plans for further equity issuance and postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through Reits.
Saurabh Mishra, an analyst tracking the company with Barclays, says DLF can challenge the Sebi order at the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT); however, it will likely remain an overhang, unless repealed by the SAT. “While the sales and operating cash flow trajectory are expected to improve, current high debt levels are a drag on the balance sheet, given current operating cash is not sufficient to service interest costs. An improvement in development business and successful sale of non-core assets is required for any material performance,” he says.
This might not be the end of woes for DLF. Institutional Investor Advisory Services (IiAS) has said this isn’t the first time DLF is facing a controversy or regulatory action.
“A ban from capital markets for a period of three years is indeed serious. Given this, IiAS questions should DLF remain a front-line index stock. Being part of the CNX Nifty, DLF attracts several equity retail and institutional shareholders. Index funds will also have to hold the stock in almost the same measure as its weight in the index. But with the recent Sebi order, markets must question whether it should remain a constituent of a principal index,” it said. While it remains to be seen whether DLF and its key personnel appeal against the Sebi decision, if the voices of those such as IiAS are heard, the DLF counter could see more selling.

Brazils Workers party looks to LulaSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Fund Watch: EM healthcare is sole focus for Sectoral fundSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

A K Srinivasan to be next Director  Finance  of ONGCA K Srinivasan to be next Director, Finance, of ONGC
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 15, 2014 01:46 PM IST
A K Srinivasan will be the next Director (Finance) of Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), the nation's most profitable company.
Government headhunters Public Enterprise Selection Board (PSEB) selected Srinivasan after interviewing 11 candidates at its office here yesterday.
Srinivasan, who is currently Executive Director in ONGC, will replace A K Banerjee on his retirement.
PESB in a notice said it interviewed 11 candidates including six from ONGC and one each from Indian Oil Corp (IOC), GAIL, Neyveli Lignite Corp Ltd, Solar Energy Corporation of India (SECI) and Ministry of Finance.
Srinivasan, 57, was the senior most among the internal candidates.
"PESB recommended the following name for the post of Director (Finance), ONGC Ltd: - A K Srinivasan," the notice said.
The recommendation will now go to the Oil Ministry which after processing will move a proposal to the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC) after taking no-objection from anti-corruption watchdogs CVC and CBI.
Srinivasan will be appointed Director (Finance), ONGC, subject to approval of ACC headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
He will have a tenure of about two years.

NDA to get credit for fall in inflation Nah  says ChidambaramHi Guest
NDA to get credit for fall in inflation? Nah, says Chidambaram
Attributing the decline in inflation to fall in global commodity prices, former Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday said the government should persuade RBI to cut interest rates if it believed the price situation would continue to improve. Dismissing the contention that the decline in inflation was on account of the steps taken by the National Democratic Alliance government, Chidambaram said he wanted to know, ‘what measures were taken by the government that contributed to decline ...

IndiGo places order for 250 A-320 neo jets w...320neo jets
(While the airline has received…)
NEW DELHI: IndiGo, India's biggest domestic airline by market share, has signed a blockbuster agreement with Airbus for 250 A320neos, the planemaker's single biggest order for such aircraft. The deal is worth $25.7 billion at a list price of $103 million apiece, although carriers typically negotiate lower rates for bulk orders.
Under the agreement, the airline has the right to buy another 100 planes. Aditya Ghosh, president of IndiGo, justified the size of the order. "We have always maintained that air penetration in the Indian market is lower than countries like the Philippines and a lot more needs to be done to increase capacity in the Indian market," he said in a phone interview. The no-frills airline emerged on the Indian aviation scene in 2005-06 with an order for 100 Airbus A320 aircraft. In January 2011, it topped this by ordering 180 A320neos, then the biggest commercial plane order by volume in aviation history.
That order worth $15 billion at list prices is still pending.
IndiGo's big-ticket orders feed into its strategy of rotating the fleet to keep it young besides beefing up earnings through the sale and leaseback of planes, helping it become the only Indian carrier to consistently declare profits while rivals have suffered. However, FY14 profit halved to Rs 317 crore from Rs 787 crore in the previous year. The company is slated for an initial public offering and has hired four investment banks toward this end.
The IndiGo fleet expansion plan comes amid the entry of new players and an industry transformation that began in 2012, when the government changed the rules to allow overseas airline companies to invest in domestic carriers that badly needed cash to expand and repay debt. While Vijay Mallya-run Kingfisher Airlines was forced to stop flying in October 2012, Etihad has invested $379 million to buy a 24 per cent stake in Jet. AirAsia India recently began operations and Vistara, jointly owned by the Tata Group and Singapore Airlines, will soon be entering the market.
"The (IndiGo-Airbus) deal is a strong indicator of the long-term potential of the Indian civil aviation market despite severe shortterm challenges," said Amber Dubey, partner and India head of aerospace and defence at global consultancy KPMG.
The size of this order and sales to other carriers could persuade Airbus to set up facilities in India." We hope that given their stupendous success in India, Airbus may consider expanding their presence in India to MRO (maintenance, repair, and overhaul), component manufacturing and maybe, aircraft assembly one day, a la China," Dubey said.
Airbus and Boeing, the world's leading plane makers, compete aggressively for orders. Insiders speak of how this was the case with IndiGo's initial order as well. "Boeing tries very hard to compete, but it has become a pattern that we win the order," said Kiran Rao, Airbus executive vicepresident of strategy and marketing, over the phone. He refused to divulge the deal's financial details. "I'm not going to discuss pricing. Don't even go there," he said. While IndiGo has received 99 aircraft from the 100-aircraft order, delivery of the 180-aircraft order will begin shortly.
"The additional aircraft will enable us to continue to bring our low fares... and create more job opportunities and growth," Ghosh said. Industry sources said deliveries of the latest order are expected to begin in 2018, following the completion of the 180-aircraft order.
 
The airline was founded in 2005 by Rahul Bhatia's InterGlobe Enterprises and Rakesh Gangwal, who formerly headed US Airways. Bhatia was ET's entrepreneur of the year in 2011.
IndiGo has a fleet of 83 planes, managed by an efficient rotation strategy, selling old planes to lessors before taking delivery of new ones.
Newer planes mean low maintenance costs. Rao said the 320neos have the lowest fuel burn rate in comparison with peers, significant in a country where taxes on aviation turbine fuel are among the highest in the world. India will require 1,200 new aircraft in the next 20 years, according to Airbus. Rao expects more orders to come from Vistara and Air Asia India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIVE: 50% turnout in Haryana  40% in Maharashtra till 3.00 p.m.73%
Women voters interacting with poll officials at Gurgaon. Photo: Shivkumar Pushpakar
In Haryana. three major parties — the Congress, the BJP and the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) — seem to be locked in a neck-and-neck race.
Maharashtra registered an over 40 per cent voter turnout while over 50 per cent voting was held in Haryana, which witnessed stray incidents of violence, in the first eight hours of polling on Wednesday in the riveting contest to elect assemblies in the two states.
3:23 pm Mumbai votes only 28.36% till 1pm.
3:21 pm Mumbai twitteratti vent out their anger over low turnout in Mumbai.
Mumbaikars tweet their anguish over the low voter turnout for the #MaharashtraElections #Mumbai #GetInked pic.twitter.com/s60cqGKmZo
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
3:14 pm
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
3:13 pm
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
3: 10 pm Despite a disappointing turnout in Mumbai, voters battled the blistering October heat to exercise their franchise in large numbers in Pune district and other parts of Western Maharashtra.
At 69.27 lakh voters, the district has the highest number of voters in the State who will decide the fate of 308 candidates in 21 Assembly segments.
2:47 pm: Kolhapur, Sangli and Satara in the State’s sugar belt records poll per cent figures of 32, 38 and 34 respectively.
2 pm: Maharashtra Congress' key candidate Patangrao Kadam's constituency Palus records highest voter turnout of 49.54% till 1pm.
1:44 pm:
Untimely rains may affect voting % in #Vidarbha . Very few districts record double digit voting % till afternoon, reports @pavan2388
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
1:32 pm:
— sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) October 15, 2014
1:28 pm: Congress will win despite anti-incumbency, says former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan. Read here
1:15 pm:
— Alok Deshpande (@alokdesh) October 15, 2014
12:43 pm: Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray expresses confidence that Sena will form government in Maharashtra.
"I am confident that Mumbai, Maharashtra will vote for those who have always been with the people in their moments of joy and sorrow," he says after voting with wife and son Aditya Thackeray.
12:36 pm:
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
12:13 pm:
Voters outside a polling station at Haryana. Shiv Kumar Pushpakar
12:11 pm: "Don't treat this as a public holiday. You can't complain against the government if you don't vote," says actor Kirron Kher.
12:05 pm:
— Alok Deshpande (@alokdesh) October 15, 2014
11:46 am: Polling in three segments in Gadchiroli under heavy security cover, amid a boycott call by Maoists. Read here
11:41 am: Polling percentage in Haryana elections: Badshahpur 10.3 % in , Gurgaon 11.8% , Pataudi 11.4% and Sohna 9.3%
11:39 am:
Maharashtra will vote for national parties, and not for small, regional parties: Former CM Prithviraj Chavan @vinivdvc #MaharashtraElections
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
Despite achievements, #Congress failed to aggressively project itself in Maharashtra, says @milinddeora #MaharashtraElections @vinivdvc
— Mumbai Connect (@Mumbai_Connect) October 15, 2014
11:35 am: Shiv Sena takes out advertisements on poll day.
“Ravana was not killed by hand (Congress symbol), a clock (NCP) or a flower (implying BJP’s Lotus). He was taken down by a bow and arrow.” Read here.
Sachin Tendulkar and his wife Anjali display their inked fingers after casting votes in Mumbai.
11:33 am: Pankaja Munde, BJP leader and daughter of deceased leader Gopinath Munde, says the party tried its best to save alliance with the BJP. She expresses confidence that BJP will win complete majority in Maharashtra.
Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan says people will vote for a national party in the State, and will not prefer smaller, regional parties.
11 am: Union Minister Nitin Gadkari tells Shiv Sena that Narendra Modi is the youths' icon, leader of the nation, and that BJP won't tolerate his insult. "We have respected all parties. If someone does not respect us, they should at least not insult us."
10:54 am: The estimated polling percentage in some districts in Maharashtra: Aurangabad 10%, Beed 9%, Solapur 8%, Kolhapur 10%, Hingoli 8.5%, Osmanabad 9%, Nashik 7%, and Parbhani 7.5%
10:49 am:
— PAVAN DAHAT (@pavan2388) October 15, 2014
10:43 am: I&B Minister Prakash Javadekar says it is time for change in Maharashtra. "If Lok Sabha was Dhoom, this is Dhoom 2," he says.
10:37 am: If a tea-seller can become the Prime Minister, then why can't a Thackeray become the Chief Minister if the people of the State decide?" asks Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray. Read here
10:28 am:
— Alok Deshpande (@alokdesh) October 15, 2014
10:19am: Voters queuing at Sangharsh Nagar in Powai, Mumbai.
10:08 am: Watch a live webcast of pollling from Naxal-impacted Gadchiroli district here .
9:58 am: Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan casts his vote in Karad.
9:49 am: Lightning strikes at a polling booth in Vidarbha's Savner constituency. One dead and 6 injured, confirms our reporter Alok Deshpande.
9:47 am: Home Minister Rajnath Singh tweeted:
Urging the voters of Maharashtra & Haryana to go out and vote in large numbers. In democracy the votes bring change, so vote for change.
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) October 15, 2014
9:44 am:
EVM breaks down in Mumbai's Sewri,rains in Vidarbha, no electricity in polling booth Shivtirthnagar in Pune @the_hindu @Mumbai_Connect
— Alok Deshpande (@alokdesh) October 15, 2014
8:55 am: A day before the elections, BJP state president Devendra G. Fadnavis was supremely confident, said his party is all set to capture power in the state for the first time. Read here
8:50 am: Baramati MP Supriya Sule casts her vote. Ms. Sule is the daughter of NCP party chief Sharad Pawar.

It was amazing: Anil on screening  Mr. India  at Indiana UniversityIt was amazing: Anil on screening  Mr. India  at Indiana University
Switzerland keen to strenghten economic ties with IndiaHi Guest
Switzerland keen to strenghten economic ties with India
Looking to strengthen bilateral economic ties, Switzerland on Wednesday said there is a clear expectation that the new Indian government would support and "not hamper" entrepreneurial spirit of businesses in India. Swiss Ambassador to India Linus von Castelmur said a robust growth of Indian economy and stable rupee would be very much in the interest of Swiss exporters and investors. India and Switzerland have long standing bilateral ties across diverse areas including in the economic sphere.

Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin s PE firm Velos to start investing in IndiaWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin's PE firm Velos to start... ICICI Venture sells part of its stake in Devyani...
Soon after Mark Zuckerberg showed his love for India through his much publicised visit to the country recently, it's now the turn of the other Facebook co-founder to do his bit. Eduardo Saverin, the billionaire co-founder of Facebook, will soon ...

Chandy hopes meeting with Modi will benefit KeralaChandy hopes meeting with Modi will benefit Kerala
Will investing money in loss-making PSUs like British India Corporation and Scooters India be a smart move by the govtwill investing money in loss-making psus like british india corporation and scooters india be a smart move by the govt
Previous Poll | Will Flipkarts Big Billion sale fiasco impact the future of e-commerce in Indiaprevious poll | will flipkarts big billion sale fiasco impact the future of e-commerce in india
Valuation divergence narrows as sectors revert to meanValuation divergence narrows as sectors revert to mean
Sachin P.Mampatta | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 10:50 PM IST
The difference in valuations in terms of earnings multiples between different sectors in the market have been on a steady decline since around May, when it was at its highest level in a decade.
The variation has declined nearly 40 per cent since, according to an analysis based on data compiled by Citigroup Global Markets.
A Citi scale on this variation showed the gap had hit a trough during early 2009, slipping below 0.2. The variation then followed a rising trend to more than double at around 0.5 in the middle of 2013. This was the highest level since the end 2002-early 2003 period.
A Citigroup Global Markets India Equity Strategy report dated October 1 said the gaps between sectors should continue to narrow in the days ahead.
SHRINKING DIFFERENTIAL
The variation across valuations hit a 10- year high earlier in 2014
Recent rise in markets has narrowed the gap by 40%
Non-defensive sectors already beginning to contribute more than before to corporate earnings
This is in contrast to the past two to three years, when defensives contributed to bulk of Sensex earnings
Trend of narrowing valuation gap may reverse  after recent correction, as sectors that ran up may correct more
However, longer-term trend is expected to show a decline in valuation gap
“Valuation divergences have tended to narrow in rising markets…trends should be similar this time, too,” said the report, authored by Aditya Narain and Jitender Tokas. “...Some of this you are already beginning to see…between the most defensive premium in the down-market (Staples)…and the highest earnings growth revival expectations currently (capital goods).”
The valuation premium between the BSE Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) and BSE Capital Goods indices shows a sharp decline from a near 150 per cent premium in September 2013 to less than 10 per cent in September 2014, according to the Citi Data.
Pankaj Pandey, head of research at ICICIDirect, said the trend was part of a larger move away from concentration of earnings growth in a few sectors.
“In the past two-three years, Sensex earnings growth has largely been driven by information technology, pharmaceuticals and FMCG companies. This quarter, we expect both top line and bottom line growth to be in single digits. However, the quality of earnings is expected to improve, with sectors such as cement and automobiles likely to see some margin expansion,” he said. He added that growth was expected to be more well-rounded. Some defensive sectors are likely to see some margin contraction. If growth is more balanced, then the valuations are expected to reflect this.
Deven Choksey, managing director at K R Choksey Securities, said: “I am confident that in this quarter and the second half of this financial year, there should be an improvement in the old economy sectors, including banking. Infrastructure must also begin to catch up, eventually.”
Deepak Jasani, head of retail research at HDFC Securities, said the recent trend might well see a reversal, though this could be temporary. “The difference in valuations might widen a bit in the light of the recent market fall. Sectors which have risen recently will fall more during times of decline. While the gap could widen for now, it could begin to narrow again as and when sentiment revives, provided the government is able to deliver on reforms,” he said.

Nokia seeks early nod to sell Chennai unitUpdated: October 14, 2014 23:45 IST
Nokia seeks early nod to sell Chennai unit
PTI
Nokia plant at Sriperumbudur, near Chennai
TOPICS
Chennai
Finnish mobile manufacturer Nokia wants early permission to sell off its plant in Chennai and put the money from the deal in an escrow account till the time its tax dispute with the Indian government is resolved.
“We have said that if we are allowed to sell the factory, any money we get from the sale, we would put it in the escrow account. It won’t be ours. We would put it in a place until the tax dispute is resolved,” Barry French, Executive Vice-President (Marketing, Communications and Corporate Affairs), Nokia, told PTI in an interview here.
In a first comment by a top executive after Nokia’s last week’s decision to suspend operations at its mobile manufacturing unit near Chennai, Mr. French expressed concern over the status of the plant and its declining value.
“What is particularly crazy is that the value of the facility is going down literally every day,” he said.
“It would be in the interest of everybody that we get what value we can get from the amount,” he added. Nokia has announced suspension of operations at the Chennai plant, once the biggest facility of the company anywhere in the world, from November 1, which has thrown into uncertainty the future of about 1,100 employees now working there. “We will be happy to put the money into an escrow account, and try to find a buyer to get the jobs back. It is heartbreaking,” Mr. French said.
The Helsinki-based company was forced to keep the factory out of a $7.50-billion deal for sale of its handset business to Microsoft Corp, due to tax dispute with Indian authorities.

PM Modi announces Rs.1 000 crore relief to cyclone-hit APPrint
Visakhapatnam: Prime Minister Narendra Modi Tuesday announced Rs.1,000 crore as an interim relief for cyclone-hit Andhra Pradesh.
He made the announcement after visiting parts of the worst-affected port city and a review meeting with Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu and top officials.
Modi, who made an aerial survey of the affected areas of both north coastal Andhra and Odisha, also declared Rs.2 lakh from Prime Minister's Relief Fund for families of each of those killed and Rs.50,000 to every injured.
He said the cyclone caused huge losses at a time when he was planning to develop Visakhapatnam into a smart city. He, however, exuded confidence that the central and state government will work together to overcome the challenge.
Naidu had earlier sought Rs.2,000 crore as interim assistance and also wanted Modi to declare it a national calamity.
Recommend

just over two milliontweets: "Thomas Cook still lists Harriet Green as boss . All feels really rushed"
 
 
Via Twitter Tom Nuttall, Charlemagne columnist, the Economist
tweets: "@JunckerEU: We don't want national wishlists, we don't want this fund to be politicised. This is not an ATM, the fund is not a bank."
 
 
08:25: EU investment package
"I have a vision of children in Thessaloniki walking into a brand new classroom" says Mr Juncker. He also mentions improved hospitals, more green energy and better broadband infrastructure as part of his vision for a better Europe.
 
 
08:17: EU investment package
Mr Juncker says this is a "time for political consensus" in Europe. He says the €300bn package comes on top of existing investment by EU member states, and that individual countries must enforce structural reforms.
 
 
08:15: EU investment package
"Not only are we faced with an investment gap, we are faced with an investment trap," says Mr Juncker, because investors lack confidence. He adds that Europe's public resources are stretched, which is putting a strain on investment, a large amount of which comes through public expenditure.
 
 
08:12: EU investment package
"Christmas has come early," says Mr Juncker, as he begins his speech. "Today Europe is turning a page," with an "ambitious investment plan", he says. "Europe is back in business".
 
 
08:10: Thomas Cook
Thomas Cook shares have taken a tumble this morning following the surprise announcement that chief executive Harriet Green is leaving the business with immediate effect. Shares are down 18.5% to 112.5p.
 
 
08:04: EU investment package
European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker is about to start his speech outlining the €300bn plan to stimulate investment in the eurozone economy. For the fortitudinous among you, a live feed is available on the Commission's website .
 
 
Bank culture Via Email David Stanley from Richmond
writes: "Where does all the money [from fines] go? Presumably some goes in compensation to the victims, but the rest? To pay off the deficit?"
 
 
Via Twitter Lauren Davidson, business reporter at The Telegraph
tweets: "From Times Mag profile last month : CEO Harriet Green fixed Thomas Cook, earned less than her male predecessor."
 
 
07:40: Thomas Cook
A little more on Harriet Green's departure from Thomas Cook. "I always said that I would move on to another company with fresh challenges once my work was complete," she says. "That time is now." The statement adds that when Ms Green joined, the company's share price was 14p. Today, it is 137.9p.
 
 
Via Twitter Simon Jack Business correspondent, BBC News
tweets: "Harriet Green steps down as CEO of Thomas Cook after only 2 years. She once told me she never stays anywhere for long but this is very brief."
 
 
07:30: Thomas Cook
Overall, Thomas Cook, which has been struggling to compete with the rise of internet travel agents, made a statutory pre-tax loss of £114m for the year to the end of September. It's an improvement on the year before, when it made a £163m loss.
 
 
07:24: Compass profits
Global catering and support services firm Compass group - if you have never eaten their food, there is a very strong chance your children will have eaten it at school - has reported a 5.4% rise in pre-tax profits to £1.16bn for the year to the end of September. "Food is and will remain our core competence and is backed with some strong support service businesses," the company says.
 
 
07:18: SAS enlists Flybe
British low-cost airline Flybe has announced it has signed an agreement with Scandinavian carrier SAS, to operate some of its short haul services. It's a white-label deal, meaning SAS insignia will be displayed on the planes, and the flights will seem to the outsider like a regular SAS service.
 
 
07:08: Thomas Cook
Holiday travel company Thomas Cook has announced that its boss, Harriet Green, is to step down. She will be replaced by Peter Fankhauser, currently the chief operating officer. Ms Green only joined the firm two years ago.
 
07:04: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
That's all happening at 9:30, by the way.
 
 
Royal Mail goes to Parliament 07:02: Via Blog Kamal Ahmed BBC Business editor
Royal Mail chief executive, Moya Greene, will for the first time appear in public to make the case about why the universal, UK-wide postal service is in imminent danger. And if the written evidence Royal Mail has sent to the committee is anything to go by, her words will certainly be punchy. The written evidence calls for urgent intervention by regulator Ofcom and warns if not: "A tipping point could be reached. The universal service could become unviable before effective changes can be implemented."
 
 
06:52: Bank culture Radio 5 live
One more from Lord McFall on Wake Up to Money . He says senior managers at banks "have often pleaded ignorance or stupidity rather than culpability" and that has to change. He cites an example of four top executives at Swiss bank UBS who came before the Committee on Banking Standards. Asked if they knew the name of their "star performer" who had just lost the bank $2bn, they replied that they didn't, he says. "The first they had heard of it was on the Bloomberg wires," Lord McFall adds.
 
 
06:46: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
Mr Walker adds that BG Group's pay offer illustrates "poor corporate governance", and "puts fund managers in a position where they are forced to approve" the £25m remuneration package for new boss Helge Lund.
 
 
06:44: Bank culture Radio 5 live
The £27bn that banks have paid in fines for the mis-selling of Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) outstrips this year's defence budget, says Lord McFall. Since the start of the financial crisis, banks have paid out more than £38bn in fines, for a litany of sins. What makes matters worse is that he and other MPs were warning the banks over the dangers of PPI for 20 years, before the mis-selling scandal broke, he adds.
 
 
06:32: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
"A red rag to anti-capitalists," is what Simon Walker, from the Institute of Directors (IoD), calls the proposed £25m pay packet for the incoming head of gas explorer BG Group, Helge Lund. He tells Today "you could not calculate a measure that is more likely to inflame" politicians, and the general public, who will balk at the sum, which is "more than 10 times [Mr Lund's] pay in Norway", where Mr Lund ran the state's oil firm.
 
 
06:24: Bank culture Radio 5 live
Lord McFall tells Wake Up to Money initiatives to change the culture in banks are "fledging and fragile". He adds: "Rhetoric at the top has been implemented, but not carried down the line [into bank departments]". The aggressive sales culture of the banks will be eliminated eventually. But the banks can't do it alone, he adds. He is also calling on the banks to provide annual progress reports to Parliament's Banking Standards Committee.
 
 
06:14: Welfare reforms
The UK's National Audit Office has warned that the cost of introducing major welfare reforms could run into billions of pounds if the IT system needed to deliver the changes isn't completed on time. The Universal Credit programme has been beset by IT problems, and the chairman of the public accounts committee, Margaret Hodge, has accused the government of throwing good money after bad. Ministers insist they are getting value for money.
 
 
06:10: Bank culture Radio 5 live
UK think tank New City Agenda says it will take "a generation" to fix the culture of the banking industry , in a report published today. The organisation's chairman, Lord McFall, who is also former chairman of the Treasury Select Committee, tells Wake Up to Money the report is the first to have gone inside the banks - it visited 11 of them - so provides a real insight into what is going on, and it's not pretty.
 
 
06:05: Clegg on immigration
The UK's deputy prime minister, Nick Clegg, has said he supports further restrictions on benefit payments to migrants from elsewhere in the European Union. Writing in the Financial Times , the Liberal Democrat leader also warns David Cameron against trying to limit the number of EU migrants coming to the UK.
 
 
06:00: Matthew West Business Reporter
Plus Moya Greene, chief executive of the Royal Mail, will be giving evidence to the Business Committee - as will a number of her rivals - on competition in the postal sector and the government-mandated obligation to deliver to all UK addresses. As always, get in touch on email at bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk or on Twitter @bbcbusiness.
 
 
06:00: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. The president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, will set out details this morning of a €300bn plan intended to revive Europe's flagging economy. Most of the money is expected to be provided by the private sector. More on that in the next few hours.
 

BBC investigation has foundPrice of Football: Ticket increases outstrip cost of living
 
The average price of the cheapest tickets across English football has risen at almost twice the rate of the cost of living since 2011.
BBC Sport's Price of Football study analysed how much fans are charged at 207 clubs.
The average price of the cheapest match-day ticket from the Premier League to League Two is now £21.49.
It has increased 13% since 2011, compared to a 6.8% rise in the cost of living.
Year-on-year it is up 4.4%, more than treble the 1.2% rate of inflation.
Price of Football 2014: What makes the perfect football pie?
Critics of the price hikes said clubs had lost touch with fans and argued that the recent £3.1bn windfall from television rights should have resulted in a drop in ticket prices for supporters.
But some clubs, particularly those in the Premier League, point to packed-out stadiums as proof they have got pricing right.
The Price of Football is in its fourth year and is the largest study of its kind in Britain, covering 176 clubs across 11 division in British football and 31 clubs from 10 different leagues in Europe.
As well as ticket prices, information was gathered about the price of replica shirts, pies, programmes and a cup of tea. For the first time this year Price of Football worked out the cost to supporters for each home goal their team scored.
Here are some key findings:
Arsenal have the most expensive match-day ticket in the Premier League at £97. That's down £29 on last season but still more than double the most expensive match-day ticket at seven other top-flight clubs
The Gunners also have the most expensive season ticket in the top flight at £2,013, although it includes seven credits for cup competitions. Their cheapest season ticket is £1,014, which is more than 17 Premier League clubs charge for their most expensive one.
Manchester City have the league's cheapest season ticket at £299. That's cheaper than at 15 Championship clubs, 10 clubs in League One, four in League Two and even one in the Conference.
Charlton's £150 season ticket is the cheapest in England's top four divisions. However, Barcelona charge around £103 for their lowest-priced season ticket.
In Scotland's Premiership the average price for the cheapest day out at Premiership matches, including a match-day ticket, pie, cup of tea and a programme, increased by just 61p to £26.95 from last season.
Visit the Price of Football calculator to see how much you spend supporting your team.
Premier League transfer spending hit a record £835m during the summer window, up from £630m the previous year, boosted by the bumper television deal, which was 70% higher than the previous package.
This summer financial analysts Deloitte said Premier League clubs now spend 71p on wages for every £1 generated, the first time the 70p mark had been broken. Match-day revenue increased by 6% in the Premier League last season to £585m.
A day out at the Women's Super League, where Bristol Academy's cheapest season ticket is £30
Yet as well as the cheapest match-day ticket rise, the average price of the cheapest Premier League season ticket has increased 8.7% since 2012, from £467.95 to £508.55.
Shadow sports minister Clive Efford MP said the "inflation-busting" increases "just cannot be acceptable", while business leader Justin King, former chief executive of Sainsbury's, believes clubs need to ensure they are providing value for money to fans if they want to be sustainable.
"Any business that thinks it can simply rely upon the loyalty of its customers, regardless of how they treat them, in the end will fail. It's an absolute fact," he said.
"Therefore I would be asking clubs, 'are your fans happier today than they were five years ago with the experience that they get, the value for money that they feel they're getting?'"
The Football Supporters' Federation had called for clubs to use the TV deal to cut ticket prices, saying they could knock about £30 off each ticket and still generate the same revenue.
Malcolm Clarke, chairman of the group, said there was "no excuse at all" for the continuing rises.
"Three times the rate of inflation is completely unacceptable from an industry that's got megabucks going in at the top," he said.
Despite the ticket price rises, Premier League attendances are on the increase. The average last season was 36,695.
"For the Premier League and our clubs, keeping the grounds as full as possible is our top priority," said Cathy Long, the Premier League's head of supporter services.
Newsbeat investigates: Ditching Man Utd for League Two's Dagenham & Redbridge
"The attendances so far this season are very encouraging, with more than 95% of seats sold and average crowds tracking with last season's, which were the highest in English top-flight football since 1949-50."
BBC Sport asked Arsenal for an interview but they declined. Instead, they sent us a statement that read: "Work is continually undertaken to offer tickets at various prices, with the highest match ticket only applicable for five Premier League fixtures in a season.
"Across the course of a campaign, we offer up to 300,000 reduced price tickets to adult and junior supporters, from £5 and £10."
Queen's Park Rangers chief executive Philip Beard added: "Our pricing structure is very fair and I've never had any significant complaints from any fans."
Dan Roan, BBC sports editor
"Two months after fans marched on the Premier League's HQ in protest at rising ticket prices, these findings will only serve to reinforce the sense of an impending divorce - between those at the top of the sport and the game's traditional audience. The fortunes clubs have made through unprecedented TV deals have not been passed down and used to alleviate the pressure on fans' pockets, and it is easy to see why many now feel English football is becoming more of a middle-class pursuit, exploiting the loyalties of its customers in order to pay players and their agents more and more. The Premier League argues that prices are based on demand, and they make a good point, with attendance rates again at more than 95%. Match-day revenue is used to improve stadia and attract the best playing talent in a competitive market. Some clubs have made concessions, adopting discount initiatives to help youngsters and away fans. But many supporters will still feel the sport they love is gradually leaving them behind."
In the Football League, the average cost of the cheapest match-day ticket increased 31.7% in League One and 19% in League Two. In the Championship, the average price fell 3.2%.
Crowds in the Football League increased by 136,000 last season. The Championship had a total audience of more than 9.1m fans, at an average of over 16,500 per match. Only the Premier League (13.9m), Germany's Bundesliga (13.1m) and Spain's La Liga (10m) can boast more fans through the turnstiles in Europe.
Football League chief executive Shaun Harvey said: "Season ticket holders are making up an ever greater proportion of the supporter base and account for 10 million of the 15 million admissions to Football League matches each season.
"As the study also suggests, a consequence of providing greater value to the majority of fans at one end of the spectrum is that those fans at the other end of the spectrum, those adults paying on the day for a single match, may now find themselves paying a bit more at some clubs."
BBC Sport contacted clubs in 10 other European countries to find out how prices in Britain compare with those in the Bundesliga, Serie A and La Liga.
Price of Football 2014: Borussia Dortmund's appeal to British fans
While some of those clubs sell very cheap match-day tickets, with French side Lille offering one for only £5.87, many charge more than £100 for their most expensive.
It is a similar story for season tickets, with AC Milan charging about £163 for their cheapest but almost £3,600 for their most expensive.
The Serie A side also have a match ticket that costs about £298.
The Bundesliga is often held up as a league that puts fans first by keeping ticket prices low.
The four clubs we contacted - Bayer Leverkusen, Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund and Schalke - all charge less than £13 for their cheapest match-day ticket.
Dortmund's commercial director said Arsenal's match-day revenues were impressive but insisted his club would not entertain the idea of charging such large amounts for tickets.
"If we were to ask for prices like this, we would lose the people," Carsten Cramer told BBC Sport. "The people are one of the most important assets for our club. We have to care for them."
 

its economic growth forecastGermany cuts 2014 growth forecast from 1.8% to 1.2%
Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel said Germany would not be changing its economic policies
German industrial output dives
The German government has sharply cut its economic growth forecast for this year and next, citing "external" factors for the revision.
It now expects growth this year to be 1.2%, down from its previous estimate of 1.8%. Next year, it expects the economy to grow by 1.3%, down from 2%.
A slowdown in the eurozone economy has hit German exports in recent months.
Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel said there was no reason for the government to change its economic policies.
The German economy - Europe's largest - contracted by 0.2% between April and June this year, while figures released last week showed that exports fell by 5.8% in August, the largest monthly drop in five years.
These followed weak industrial output figures and recent surveys showing a fall in business confidence.
'Solid growth'
Announcing the revised growth estimates, Mr Gabriel made it clear the government believed Germany's woes were not the result of troubles at home.
"The German economy finds itself in difficult external waters," he said.
"Domestic economic forces remain intact, with the robust labour market forming the foundation.
"As soon as the international environment improves, the competitiveness of German companies will bear fruit and the German economy will return to a path of solid growth."
For this reason, Mr Gabriel said there was "no reason to abandon or change our economic or fiscal policy".
Concerns about economic growth are not limited to Germany and the eurozone.
Last week, the International Monetary Fund cut its forecast for global economic growth for this year and next, warning that the recovery was "weak and uneven".
More on This Story
 
11:15: Amazon drones
Roy Perticucci of Amazon is answering questions at the Business Committee. He's asked about when the online retailer will start using drones to deliver parcels, but declines to give a date. "Just remember that a lot of people in this country still have bad memories of aerial deliveries," quips one committee member.
 
11:06: Banks sued over price-fixing of metals
More on platinum and palladium. They are used in catalytic converters, dentistry and jewellery.
 
 
11:00: Banks sued over price-fixing of metals
The case against the banks is being brought by a Florida-based maker of jewellery and police badges. It's alleged that since 2007, the defendants "illegally shared customer data, used that information to engage in 'front-running' of expected price moves, and manufactured 'spoof' orders".
 
 
10:50: Banks sued over price-fixing of metals
Reuters is reporting that US authorities are suing Goldman Sachs , BASF, HSBC, and South Africa's Standard Bank for allegedly fixing the price of metals such as platinum and palladium. It is claimed that metals purchasers lost millions of dollars as a result.
 
 
10:36: UK GDP
A familiar graph for regular readers of the Live Page, but one worth posting. Is shows that the biggest contribution to GDP growth remains the services sector. Of all the sectors of the economy, services is the only one to have escaped the doldrums and grown beyond its pre-financial crisis peak (the red line). And it did so in 2011. So it looks as if the government still has a substantial job on its hands to rebalance the economy.
 
 
10:22: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Private sector cost structures mean that Royal Mal's competitors are likely to always be more profitable, particularly if they only operate in urban areas. "Their cost base is always going to be lower," Ms Greene says. Royal Mail did think that increases in zonal pricing for rural deliveries could help offset competition in high volume urban areas, she adds.
 
 
10:21: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
UK Mail's Guy Buswell gives us a quick micro-economics lesson on how the universal pricing of the USO works, using his own business as an example. "Our parcel business delivers something like 200,000 parcels every day, and I have one price for the whole of the country. So, if I have a customer who comes to me and says, do you know what, I do my own deliveries in my own area... so what I want you to do is the external parts of the area. I'm not going to charge him that universal price... because he is taking away the revenue I receive in areas that I would use to offset my higher costs in rural areas."
 
 
10:10: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
"We do not receive a government subsidy, as other Universal Service Obligation providers around the world do," say Ms Greene. She adds Royal Mail has been through a very painful period over the last five years and does not want to get to the point of requiring a public subsidy to continue to provide the USO. That doesn't mean she won't ask for one in the future, however.
 
 
10:08: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells, chief executive of Whistl, says he's not happy about the VAT exemption however. He says in other countries this exemption applies only to stamps, not to delivery services. It's fair to say there is little love lost between Ms Green and Mr Wells, and this is fast becoming about competition between their two respective companies.
 
09:58: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
The Universal Service Obligation costs Royal Mail £7.2bn, says Moya Greene.
 
 
09:58: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Moya Greene, the chief executive of Royal Mail, is being asked about the company's VAT exemption. She responds that the VAT exemption is not unusual and that it is enjoyed by every single Universal Service Obligation provider.
 
 
09:55: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells is now getting a grilling over the number of people his company employs on "flexible" contracts. He says the company has created thousands of jobs among the most needy in society. He says Royal Mail needs to change its work pattern. At his company staff can work on contracts of 40 hours a week, or 20 hours a week. He is critical of Royal Mail's "unwillingness to attacks its cost base". He thinks Royal Mail should make efficiency savings, particularly in terms of labour relations.
 
 
09:54: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Moya Greene comes back on that, saying it's not fair to compare the UK to the Netherlands or Belgium. She says in those countries access is limited to 5% of all mail. The UK market is far more liberalised, she argues. For example, 50% of business mail is not delivered by Royal Mail.
 
 
09:54: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells, says the Universal Service Obligation is a requirement in other countries such as the Netherlands, which have been opened up to competition. "And guess what," he says. "Their services have improved."
 
 
09:52: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Mr Wells adds: "We are a start-up business, we cannot cover every address in the UK. We are focusing on dense urban areas but we are also focusing on London, which is the second most expensive area to operate in behind rural."
 
 
09:52: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells, chief executive of Whistl says: "We pay Royal Mail a fair and effective price to cover the more difficult rural areas... what is a threat to the Universal Service Obligation is structural decline."
 
 
09:50: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
A quick reminder: The Universal Service Obligation, or USO, mandates that Royal Mail provides at least one delivery of letters every Monday to Saturday to every address in the UK, at a single, standardised price.
 
09:48: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
The session on competition in the UK postal sector is live on Parliament's website .
 
 
09:44: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Guy Buswell, chief executive of UK Mail, says there is "no cherry picking whatsoever, we pay Royal Mail a good rate and they make a good margin on those rates". He adds: "If you do start to try and make deliveries to rural areas it is extremely expensive".
 
 
09:42: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
As well as Moya Greene, the Business Committee is hearing from: Nick Wells of Whistl, Guy Buswell of UK Mail and Daniel Vines of TNT UK. Later, Roy Perticucci of Amazon will give evidence too.
 
 
09:40: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Royal Mail has made "some very painful efficiency savings," Moya Greene says in her opening salvo to the Business Committee. She says "I think there is" when asked if there is a real threat to the Universal Service Obligation (USO). She adds the USO has been under attack from competitors who have been able to cherry pick where they can deliver to for 10 years.
 
 
UK GDP 09:30: Breaking News
The UK economy grew by 0.7% in the third quarter of 2014, the second official estimate of GDP from the Office for National Statistics shows.
 
 
Via Twitter Victoria Fritz Business reporter, BBC News
tweets: "Founder of the eponymous homeware granny chic label Cath Kidston is stepping down from her creative director role after 21 years"
 
 
09:18: EU investment package
For those who wish to continue following proceedings at the European Parliament, our colleagues in the politics hub are running a live blog and video feed .
 
 
09:18: Britvic profits
Drinks company Britvic has reported a 23% rise in pre-tax profit of £133m for the year to the end of September. Sales grew 2.4% in the period, to £1.3bn. The company's highly successful Fruit Shoot multi-pack product - familiar to parents of two-year-olds across the UK-  is due to launch in the US in the second half of 2015.
 
 
09:08: Patisserie Valerie
Patisserie Holdings, the parent company of cafe chain Patisserie Valerie, reports a 26.8% rise in annual pre-tax profits, to £10.4m. The company, which listed on the London Stock Exchange this year with the ticker symbol CAKE, opened 19 new stores in the past 12 months, and saw a 100% increase in online sales (yes, they offer a range of gateaux via the web).
 
tweets: "Last month, @HarrietGreen1 was 'adamant that she is nowhere near finished at Thomas Cook '"
 
Via Twitter Marco Zatterin, La Stampa
tweets: "The Juncker Plan -  300"
 
 
08:52: Market update
European markets are higher this morning, cheered by Tuesday's US GDP figure, which showed the world's largest economy growing by an annualised rate of 3.9% in the third quarter. Thomas Cook shares are lower by 20% this morning, to 109.4p, following the departure of chief executive Harriet Green.
The FTSE 1400 index is 0.33% higher at 6755
Germany's Dax is 0.68% higher at 9927
France's Cac-40 is 0.22% higher at 4391
 
Incidentally, the fund is now confirmed to be €315bn, not €300bn as previously reported.
 
 
08:38: EU investment package
The European Investment Bank will put $5bn into Mr Juncker's investment package, says EIB president Werner Hoyer.
 
tweets: "Thomas Cook still lists Harriet Green as boss . All feels really rushed"
 
 
Via Twitter Tom Nuttall, Charlemagne columnist, the Economist
tweets: "@JunckerEU: We don't want national wishlists, we don't want this fund to be politicised. This is not an ATM, the fund is not a bank."
 
 
08:25: EU investment package
"I have a vision of children in Thessaloniki walking into a brand new classroom" says Mr Juncker. He also mentions improved hospitals, more green energy and better broadband infrastructure as part of his vision for a better Europe.
 
 
08:17: EU investment package
Mr Juncker says this is a "time for political consensus" in Europe. He says the €300bn package comes on top of existing investment by EU member states, and that individual countries must enforce structural reforms.
 
 
08:15: EU investment package
"Not only are we faced with an investment gap, we are faced with an investment trap," says Mr Juncker, because investors lack confidence. He adds that Europe's public resources are stretched, which is putting a strain on investment, a large amount of which comes through public expenditure.
 
 
08:12: EU investment package
"Christmas has come early," says Mr Juncker, as he begins his speech. "Today Europe is turning a page," with an "ambitious investment plan", he says. "Europe is back in business".
 
 
08:10: Thomas Cook
Thomas Cook shares have taken a tumble this morning following the surprise announcement that chief executive Harriet Green is leaving the business with immediate effect. Shares are down 18.5% to 112.5p.
 
 
08:04: EU investment package
European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker is about to start his speech outlining the €300bn plan to stimulate investment in the eurozone economy. For the fortitudinous among you, a live feed is available on the Commission's website .
 
 
Bank culture Via Email David Stanley from Richmond
writes: "Where does all the money [from fines] go? Presumably some goes in compensation to the victims, but the rest? To pay off the deficit?"
 
 
Via Twitter Lauren Davidson, business reporter at The Telegraph
tweets: "From Times Mag profile last month : CEO Harriet Green fixed Thomas Cook, earned less than her male predecessor."
 
 
07:40: Thomas Cook
A little more on Harriet Green's departure from Thomas Cook. "I always said that I would move on to another company with fresh challenges once my work was complete," she says. "That time is now." The statement adds that when Ms Green joined, the company's share price was 14p. Today, it is 137.9p.
 
 
Via Twitter Simon Jack Business correspondent, BBC News
tweets: "Harriet Green steps down as CEO of Thomas Cook after only 2 years. She once told me she never stays anywhere for long but this is very brief."
 
 
07:30: Thomas Cook
Overall, Thomas Cook, which has been struggling to compete with the rise of internet travel agents, made a statutory pre-tax loss of £114m for the year to the end of September. It's an improvement on the year before, when it made a £163m loss.
 
 
07:24: Compass profits
Global catering and support services firm Compass group - if you have never eaten their food, there is a very strong chance your children will have eaten it at school - has reported a 5.4% rise in pre-tax profits to £1.16bn for the year to the end of September. "Food is and will remain our core competence and is backed with some strong support service businesses," the company says.
 
 
07:18: SAS enlists Flybe
British low-cost airline Flybe has announced it has signed an agreement with Scandinavian carrier SAS, to operate some of its short haul services. It's a white-label deal, meaning SAS insignia will be displayed on the planes, and the flights will seem to the outsider like a regular SAS service.
 
 
07:08: Thomas Cook
Holiday travel company Thomas Cook has announced that its boss, Harriet Green, is to step down. She will be replaced by Peter Fankhauser, currently the chief operating officer. Ms Green only joined the firm two years ago.
 
07:04: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
That's all happening at 9:30, by the way.
 
 
Royal Mail goes to Parliament 07:02: Via Blog Kamal Ahmed BBC Business editor
Royal Mail chief executive, Moya Greene, will for the first time appear in public to make the case about why the universal, UK-wide postal service is in imminent danger. And if the written evidence Royal Mail has sent to the committee is anything to go by, her words will certainly be punchy. The written evidence calls for urgent intervention by regulator Ofcom and warns if not: "A tipping point could be reached. The universal service could become unviable before effective changes can be implemented."
 
 
06:52: Bank culture Radio 5 live
One more from Lord McFall on Wake Up to Money . He says senior managers at banks "have often pleaded ignorance or stupidity rather than culpability" and that has to change. He cites an example of four top executives at Swiss bank UBS who came before the Committee on Banking Standards. Asked if they knew the name of their "star performer" who had just lost the bank $2bn, they replied that they didn't, he says. "The first they had heard of it was on the Bloomberg wires," Lord McFall adds.
 
 
06:46: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
Mr Walker adds that BG Group's pay offer illustrates "poor corporate governance", and "puts fund managers in a position where they are forced to approve" the £25m remuneration package for new boss Helge Lund.
 
 
06:44: Bank culture Radio 5 live
The £27bn that banks have paid in fines for the mis-selling of Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) outstrips this year's defence budget, says Lord McFall. Since the start of the financial crisis, banks have paid out more than £38bn in fines, for a litany of sins. What makes matters worse is that he and other MPs were warning the banks over the dangers of PPI for 20 years, before the mis-selling scandal broke, he adds.
 
 
06:32: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
"A red rag to anti-capitalists," is what Simon Walker, from the Institute of Directors (IoD), calls the proposed £25m pay packet for the incoming head of gas explorer BG Group, Helge Lund. He tells Today "you could not calculate a measure that is more likely to inflame" politicians, and the general public, who will balk at the sum, which is "more than 10 times [Mr Lund's] pay in Norway", where Mr Lund ran the state's oil firm.
 
 
06:24: Bank culture Radio 5 live
Lord McFall tells Wake Up to Money initiatives to change the culture in banks are "fledging and fragile". He adds: "Rhetoric at the top has been implemented, but not carried down the line [into bank departments]". The aggressive sales culture of the banks will be eliminated eventually. But the banks can't do it alone, he adds. He is also calling on the banks to provide annual progress reports to Parliament's Banking Standards Committee.
 
 
06:14: Welfare reforms
The UK's National Audit Office has warned that the cost of introducing major welfare reforms could run into billions of pounds if the IT system needed to deliver the changes isn't completed on time. The Universal Credit programme has been beset by IT problems, and the chairman of the public accounts committee, Margaret Hodge, has accused the government of throwing good money after bad. Ministers insist they are getting value for money.
 
 
06:10: Bank culture Radio 5 live
UK think tank New City Agenda says it will take "a generation" to fix the culture of the banking industry , in a report published today. The organisation's chairman, Lord McFall, who is also former chairman of the Treasury Select Committee, tells Wake Up to Money the report is the first to have gone inside the banks - it visited 11 of them - so provides a real insight into what is going on, and it's not pretty.
 
 
06:05: Clegg on immigration
The UK's deputy prime minister, Nick Clegg, has said he supports further restrictions on benefit payments to migrants from elsewhere in the European Union. Writing in the Financial Times , the Liberal Democrat leader also warns David Cameron against trying to limit the number of EU migrants coming to the UK.
 
 
06:00: Matthew West Business Reporter
Plus Moya Greene, chief executive of the Royal Mail, will be giving evidence to the Business Committee - as will a number of her rivals - on competition in the postal sector and the government-mandated obligation to deliver to all UK addresses. As always, get in touch on email at bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk or on Twitter @bbcbusiness.
 
 
06:00: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. The president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, will set out details this morning of a €300bn plan intended to revive Europe's flagging economy. Most of the money is expected to be provided by the private sector. More on that in the next few hours.
 

copying is shoe designConverse sues firms over trademark shoe
Converse is suing 31 companies over its famous Chuck Taylor shoe
Nike v Adidas: The battle of the kit makers
US shoemaker Converse is suing 31 companies, arguing they are copying the design of its trademark shoe.
The company filed lawsuits against big retailers such as Wal-Mart and Ralph Lauren for allegedly selling imitations of its famous Chuck Taylor sneaker.
The lawsuits filed in New York include companies based in Canada, Australia, Italy, China and Japan.
The Nike subsidiary also wants the International Trade Commission to ban imports and sales of the shoes.
Converse chief executive Jim Calhoun said the company welcomed fair competition, but "we do not believe companies have a right to copy the Chuck's trademarked look".
Rise of the sneaker
The popularity of Converse's Chuck Taylor sneaker has skyrocketed over the decades since it was introduced on US basketball courts in 1917.
Converse says it has sold one billion pairs of the shoe around the world and spent hundred of millions of dollars advertising it.
The shoemaker also says it has served about 180 cease and desist letters to retailers selling look-a-like Chuck Taylor sneakers in the past six years to protect its brand.
Prof Polk Wagner, from the University of Pennsylvania Law School, told the BBC that "it is notoriously difficult to win a trademark case in the fashion context".
"It's certainly not a slam-dunk on the part of the plaintiffs," he said.
However, Prof Wagner pointed to a case two years ago when the luxury shoemaker Louboutin successfully trademarked its distinctive red soles.
"Trademark law is all about whether the ordinary consumer would be confused as to the source of the good when they look at it.
"In order for Converse to win they would have to show that the ordinary consumer of their goods... would associate the design-oriented features of that shoe with the manufacturer of that shoe."
More on This Story
 
11:15: Amazon drones
Roy Perticucci of Amazon is answering questions at the Business Committee. He's asked about when the online retailer will start using drones to deliver parcels, but declines to give a date. "Just remember that a lot of people in this country still have bad memories of aerial deliveries," quips one committee member.
 
11:06: Banks sued over price-fixing of metals
More on platinum and palladium. They are used in catalytic converters, dentistry and jewellery.
 
 
11:00: Banks sued over price-fixing of metals
The case against the banks is being brought by a Florida-based maker of jewellery and police badges. It's alleged that since 2007, the defendants "illegally shared customer data, used that information to engage in 'front-running' of expected price moves, and manufactured 'spoof' orders".
 
 
10:50: Banks sued over price-fixing of metals
Reuters is reporting that US authorities are suing Goldman Sachs , BASF, HSBC, and South Africa's Standard Bank for allegedly fixing the price of metals such as platinum and palladium. It is claimed that metals purchasers lost millions of dollars as a result.
 
 
10:36: UK GDP
A familiar graph for regular readers of the Live Page, but one worth posting. Is shows that the biggest contribution to GDP growth remains the services sector. Of all the sectors of the economy, services is the only one to have escaped the doldrums and grown beyond its pre-financial crisis peak (the red line). And it did so in 2011. So it looks as if the government still has a substantial job on its hands to rebalance the economy.
 
 
10:22: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Private sector cost structures mean that Royal Mal's competitors are likely to always be more profitable, particularly if they only operate in urban areas. "Their cost base is always going to be lower," Ms Greene says. Royal Mail did think that increases in zonal pricing for rural deliveries could help offset competition in high volume urban areas, she adds.
 
 
10:21: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
UK Mail's Guy Buswell gives us a quick micro-economics lesson on how the universal pricing of the USO works, using his own business as an example. "Our parcel business delivers something like 200,000 parcels every day, and I have one price for the whole of the country. So, if I have a customer who comes to me and says, do you know what, I do my own deliveries in my own area... so what I want you to do is the external parts of the area. I'm not going to charge him that universal price... because he is taking away the revenue I receive in areas that I would use to offset my higher costs in rural areas."
 
 
10:10: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
"We do not receive a government subsidy, as other Universal Service Obligation providers around the world do," say Ms Greene. She adds Royal Mail has been through a very painful period over the last five years and does not want to get to the point of requiring a public subsidy to continue to provide the USO. That doesn't mean she won't ask for one in the future, however.
 
 
10:08: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells, chief executive of Whistl, says he's not happy about the VAT exemption however. He says in other countries this exemption applies only to stamps, not to delivery services. It's fair to say there is little love lost between Ms Green and Mr Wells, and this is fast becoming about competition between their two respective companies.
 
09:58: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
The Universal Service Obligation costs Royal Mail £7.2bn, says Moya Greene.
 
 
09:58: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Moya Greene, the chief executive of Royal Mail, is being asked about the company's VAT exemption. She responds that the VAT exemption is not unusual and that it is enjoyed by every single Universal Service Obligation provider.
 
 
09:55: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells is now getting a grilling over the number of people his company employs on "flexible" contracts. He says the company has created thousands of jobs among the most needy in society. He says Royal Mail needs to change its work pattern. At his company staff can work on contracts of 40 hours a week, or 20 hours a week. He is critical of Royal Mail's "unwillingness to attacks its cost base". He thinks Royal Mail should make efficiency savings, particularly in terms of labour relations.
 
 
09:54: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Moya Greene comes back on that, saying it's not fair to compare the UK to the Netherlands or Belgium. She says in those countries access is limited to 5% of all mail. The UK market is far more liberalised, she argues. For example, 50% of business mail is not delivered by Royal Mail.
 
 
09:54: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells, says the Universal Service Obligation is a requirement in other countries such as the Netherlands, which have been opened up to competition. "And guess what," he says. "Their services have improved."
 
 
09:52: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Mr Wells adds: "We are a start-up business, we cannot cover every address in the UK. We are focusing on dense urban areas but we are also focusing on London, which is the second most expensive area to operate in behind rural."
 
 
09:52: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells, chief executive of Whistl says: "We pay Royal Mail a fair and effective price to cover the more difficult rural areas... what is a threat to the Universal Service Obligation is structural decline."
 
 
09:50: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
A quick reminder: The Universal Service Obligation, or USO, mandates that Royal Mail provides at least one delivery of letters every Monday to Saturday to every address in the UK, at a single, standardised price.
 
09:48: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
The session on competition in the UK postal sector is live on Parliament's website .
 
 
09:44: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Guy Buswell, chief executive of UK Mail, says there is "no cherry picking whatsoever, we pay Royal Mail a good rate and they make a good margin on those rates". He adds: "If you do start to try and make deliveries to rural areas it is extremely expensive".
 
 
09:42: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
As well as Moya Greene, the Business Committee is hearing from: Nick Wells of Whistl, Guy Buswell of UK Mail and Daniel Vines of TNT UK. Later, Roy Perticucci of Amazon will give evidence too.
 
 
09:40: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Royal Mail has made "some very painful efficiency savings," Moya Greene says in her opening salvo to the Business Committee. She says "I think there is" when asked if there is a real threat to the Universal Service Obligation (USO). She adds the USO has been under attack from competitors who have been able to cherry pick where they can deliver to for 10 years.
 
 
UK GDP 09:30: Breaking News
The UK economy grew by 0.7% in the third quarter of 2014, the second official estimate of GDP from the Office for National Statistics shows.
 
 
Via Twitter Victoria Fritz Business reporter, BBC News
tweets: "Founder of the eponymous homeware granny chic label Cath Kidston is stepping down from her creative director role after 21 years"
 
 
09:18: EU investment package
For those who wish to continue following proceedings at the European Parliament, our colleagues in the politics hub are running a live blog and video feed .
 
 
09:18: Britvic profits
Drinks company Britvic has reported a 23% rise in pre-tax profit of £133m for the year to the end of September. Sales grew 2.4% in the period, to £1.3bn. The company's highly successful Fruit Shoot multi-pack product - familiar to parents of two-year-olds across the UK-  is due to launch in the US in the second half of 2015.
 
 
09:08: Patisserie Valerie
Patisserie Holdings, the parent company of cafe chain Patisserie Valerie, reports a 26.8% rise in annual pre-tax profits, to £10.4m. The company, which listed on the London Stock Exchange this year with the ticker symbol CAKE, opened 19 new stores in the past 12 months, and saw a 100% increase in online sales (yes, they offer a range of gateaux via the web).
 
tweets: "Last month, @HarrietGreen1 was 'adamant that she is nowhere near finished at Thomas Cook '"
 
Via Twitter Marco Zatterin, La Stampa
tweets: "The Juncker Plan -  300"
 
 
08:52: Market update
European markets are higher this morning, cheered by Tuesday's US GDP figure, which showed the world's largest economy growing by an annualised rate of 3.9% in the third quarter. Thomas Cook shares are lower by 20% this morning, to 109.4p, following the departure of chief executive Harriet Green.
The FTSE 1400 index is 0.33% higher at 6755
Germany's Dax is 0.68% higher at 9927
France's Cac-40 is 0.22% higher at 4391
 
Incidentally, the fund is now confirmed to be €315bn, not €300bn as previously reported.
 
 
08:38: EU investment package
The European Investment Bank will put $5bn into Mr Juncker's investment package, says EIB president Werner Hoyer.
 
tweets: "Thomas Cook still lists Harriet Green as boss . All feels really rushed"
 
 
Via Twitter Tom Nuttall, Charlemagne columnist, the Economist
tweets: "@JunckerEU: We don't want national wishlists, we don't want this fund to be politicised. This is not an ATM, the fund is not a bank."
 
 
08:25: EU investment package
"I have a vision of children in Thessaloniki walking into a brand new classroom" says Mr Juncker. He also mentions improved hospitals, more green energy and better broadband infrastructure as part of his vision for a better Europe.
 
 
08:17: EU investment package
Mr Juncker says this is a "time for political consensus" in Europe. He says the €300bn package comes on top of existing investment by EU member states, and that individual countries must enforce structural reforms.
 
 
08:15: EU investment package
"Not only are we faced with an investment gap, we are faced with an investment trap," says Mr Juncker, because investors lack confidence. He adds that Europe's public resources are stretched, which is putting a strain on investment, a large amount of which comes through public expenditure.
 
 
08:12: EU investment package
"Christmas has come early," says Mr Juncker, as he begins his speech. "Today Europe is turning a page," with an "ambitious investment plan", he says. "Europe is back in business".
 
 
08:10: Thomas Cook
Thomas Cook shares have taken a tumble this morning following the surprise announcement that chief executive Harriet Green is leaving the business with immediate effect. Shares are down 18.5% to 112.5p.
 
 
08:04: EU investment package
European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker is about to start his speech outlining the €300bn plan to stimulate investment in the eurozone economy. For the fortitudinous among you, a live feed is available on the Commission's website .
 
 
Bank culture Via Email David Stanley from Richmond
writes: "Where does all the money [from fines] go? Presumably some goes in compensation to the victims, but the rest? To pay off the deficit?"
 
 
Via Twitter Lauren Davidson, business reporter at The Telegraph
tweets: "From Times Mag profile last month : CEO Harriet Green fixed Thomas Cook, earned less than her male predecessor."
 
 
07:40: Thomas Cook
A little more on Harriet Green's departure from Thomas Cook. "I always said that I would move on to another company with fresh challenges once my work was complete," she says. "That time is now." The statement adds that when Ms Green joined, the company's share price was 14p. Today, it is 137.9p.
 
 
Via Twitter Simon Jack Business correspondent, BBC News
tweets: "Harriet Green steps down as CEO of Thomas Cook after only 2 years. She once told me she never stays anywhere for long but this is very brief."
 
 
07:30: Thomas Cook
Overall, Thomas Cook, which has been struggling to compete with the rise of internet travel agents, made a statutory pre-tax loss of £114m for the year to the end of September. It's an improvement on the year before, when it made a £163m loss.
 
 
07:24: Compass profits
Global catering and support services firm Compass group - if you have never eaten their food, there is a very strong chance your children will have eaten it at school - has reported a 5.4% rise in pre-tax profits to £1.16bn for the year to the end of September. "Food is and will remain our core competence and is backed with some strong support service businesses," the company says.
 
 
07:18: SAS enlists Flybe
British low-cost airline Flybe has announced it has signed an agreement with Scandinavian carrier SAS, to operate some of its short haul services. It's a white-label deal, meaning SAS insignia will be displayed on the planes, and the flights will seem to the outsider like a regular SAS service.
 
 
07:08: Thomas Cook
Holiday travel company Thomas Cook has announced that its boss, Harriet Green, is to step down. She will be replaced by Peter Fankhauser, currently the chief operating officer. Ms Green only joined the firm two years ago.
 
07:04: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
That's all happening at 9:30, by the way.
 
 
Royal Mail goes to Parliament 07:02: Via Blog Kamal Ahmed BBC Business editor
Royal Mail chief executive, Moya Greene, will for the first time appear in public to make the case about why the universal, UK-wide postal service is in imminent danger. And if the written evidence Royal Mail has sent to the committee is anything to go by, her words will certainly be punchy. The written evidence calls for urgent intervention by regulator Ofcom and warns if not: "A tipping point could be reached. The universal service could become unviable before effective changes can be implemented."
 
 
06:52: Bank culture Radio 5 live
One more from Lord McFall on Wake Up to Money . He says senior managers at banks "have often pleaded ignorance or stupidity rather than culpability" and that has to change. He cites an example of four top executives at Swiss bank UBS who came before the Committee on Banking Standards. Asked if they knew the name of their "star performer" who had just lost the bank $2bn, they replied that they didn't, he says. "The first they had heard of it was on the Bloomberg wires," Lord McFall adds.
 
 
06:46: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
Mr Walker adds that BG Group's pay offer illustrates "poor corporate governance", and "puts fund managers in a position where they are forced to approve" the £25m remuneration package for new boss Helge Lund.
 
 
06:44: Bank culture Radio 5 live
The £27bn that banks have paid in fines for the mis-selling of Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) outstrips this year's defence budget, says Lord McFall. Since the start of the financial crisis, banks have paid out more than £38bn in fines, for a litany of sins. What makes matters worse is that he and other MPs were warning the banks over the dangers of PPI for 20 years, before the mis-selling scandal broke, he adds.
 
 
06:32: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
"A red rag to anti-capitalists," is what Simon Walker, from the Institute of Directors (IoD), calls the proposed £25m pay packet for the incoming head of gas explorer BG Group, Helge Lund. He tells Today "you could not calculate a measure that is more likely to inflame" politicians, and the general public, who will balk at the sum, which is "more than 10 times [Mr Lund's] pay in Norway", where Mr Lund ran the state's oil firm.
 
 
06:24: Bank culture Radio 5 live
Lord McFall tells Wake Up to Money initiatives to change the culture in banks are "fledging and fragile". He adds: "Rhetoric at the top has been implemented, but not carried down the line [into bank departments]". The aggressive sales culture of the banks will be eliminated eventually. But the banks can't do it alone, he adds. He is also calling on the banks to provide annual progress reports to Parliament's Banking Standards Committee.
 
 
06:14: Welfare reforms
The UK's National Audit Office has warned that the cost of introducing major welfare reforms could run into billions of pounds if the IT system needed to deliver the changes isn't completed on time. The Universal Credit programme has been beset by IT problems, and the chairman of the public accounts committee, Margaret Hodge, has accused the government of throwing good money after bad. Ministers insist they are getting value for money.
 
 
06:10: Bank culture Radio 5 live
UK think tank New City Agenda says it will take "a generation" to fix the culture of the banking industry , in a report published today. The organisation's chairman, Lord McFall, who is also former chairman of the Treasury Select Committee, tells Wake Up to Money the report is the first to have gone inside the banks - it visited 11 of them - so provides a real insight into what is going on, and it's not pretty.
 
 
06:05: Clegg on immigration
The UK's deputy prime minister, Nick Clegg, has said he supports further restrictions on benefit payments to migrants from elsewhere in the European Union. Writing in the Financial Times , the Liberal Democrat leader also warns David Cameron against trying to limit the number of EU migrants coming to the UK.
 
 
06:00: Matthew West Business Reporter
Plus Moya Greene, chief executive of the Royal Mail, will be giving evidence to the Business Committee - as will a number of her rivals - on competition in the postal sector and the government-mandated obligation to deliver to all UK addresses. As always, get in touch on email at bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk or on Twitter @bbcbusiness.
 
 
06:00: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. The president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, will set out details this morning of a €300bn plan intended to revive Europe's flagging economy. Most of the money is expected to be provided by the private sector. More on that in the next few hours.
 

down to a near five-year lowtweets: "Thomas Cook still lists Harriet Green as boss . All feels really rushed"
 
 
Via Twitter Tom Nuttall, Charlemagne columnist, the Economist
tweets: "@JunckerEU: We don't want national wishlists, we don't want this fund to be politicised. This is not an ATM, the fund is not a bank."
 
 
08:25: EU investment package
"I have a vision of children in Thessaloniki walking into a brand new classroom" says Mr Juncker. He also mentions improved hospitals, more green energy and better broadband infrastructure as part of his vision for a better Europe.
 
 
08:17: EU investment package
Mr Juncker says this is a "time for political consensus" in Europe. He says the €300bn package comes on top of existing investment by EU member states, and that individual countries must enforce structural reforms.
 
 
08:15: EU investment package
"Not only are we faced with an investment gap, we are faced with an investment trap," says Mr Juncker, because investors lack confidence. He adds that Europe's public resources are stretched, which is putting a strain on investment, a large amount of which comes through public expenditure.
 
 
08:12: EU investment package
"Christmas has come early," says Mr Juncker, as he begins his speech. "Today Europe is turning a page," with an "ambitious investment plan", he says. "Europe is back in business".
 
 
08:10: Thomas Cook
Thomas Cook shares have taken a tumble this morning following the surprise announcement that chief executive Harriet Green is leaving the business with immediate effect. Shares are down 18.5% to 112.5p.
 
 
08:04: EU investment package
European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker is about to start his speech outlining the €300bn plan to stimulate investment in the eurozone economy. For the fortitudinous among you, a live feed is available on the Commission's website .
 
 
Bank culture Via Email David Stanley from Richmond
writes: "Where does all the money [from fines] go? Presumably some goes in compensation to the victims, but the rest? To pay off the deficit?"
 
 
Via Twitter Lauren Davidson, business reporter at The Telegraph
tweets: "From Times Mag profile last month : CEO Harriet Green fixed Thomas Cook, earned less than her male predecessor."
 
 
07:40: Thomas Cook
A little more on Harriet Green's departure from Thomas Cook. "I always said that I would move on to another company with fresh challenges once my work was complete," she says. "That time is now." The statement adds that when Ms Green joined, the company's share price was 14p. Today, it is 137.9p.
 
 
Via Twitter Simon Jack Business correspondent, BBC News
tweets: "Harriet Green steps down as CEO of Thomas Cook after only 2 years. She once told me she never stays anywhere for long but this is very brief."
 
 
07:30: Thomas Cook
Overall, Thomas Cook, which has been struggling to compete with the rise of internet travel agents, made a statutory pre-tax loss of £114m for the year to the end of September. It's an improvement on the year before, when it made a £163m loss.
 
 
07:24: Compass profits
Global catering and support services firm Compass group - if you have never eaten their food, there is a very strong chance your children will have eaten it at school - has reported a 5.4% rise in pre-tax profits to £1.16bn for the year to the end of September. "Food is and will remain our core competence and is backed with some strong support service businesses," the company says.
 
 
07:18: SAS enlists Flybe
British low-cost airline Flybe has announced it has signed an agreement with Scandinavian carrier SAS, to operate some of its short haul services. It's a white-label deal, meaning SAS insignia will be displayed on the planes, and the flights will seem to the outsider like a regular SAS service.
 
 
07:08: Thomas Cook
Holiday travel company Thomas Cook has announced that its boss, Harriet Green, is to step down. She will be replaced by Peter Fankhauser, currently the chief operating officer. Ms Green only joined the firm two years ago.
 
07:04: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
That's all happening at 9:30, by the way.
 
 
Royal Mail goes to Parliament 07:02: Via Blog Kamal Ahmed BBC Business editor
Royal Mail chief executive, Moya Greene, will for the first time appear in public to make the case about why the universal, UK-wide postal service is in imminent danger. And if the written evidence Royal Mail has sent to the committee is anything to go by, her words will certainly be punchy. The written evidence calls for urgent intervention by regulator Ofcom and warns if not: "A tipping point could be reached. The universal service could become unviable before effective changes can be implemented."
 
 
06:52: Bank culture Radio 5 live
One more from Lord McFall on Wake Up to Money . He says senior managers at banks "have often pleaded ignorance or stupidity rather than culpability" and that has to change. He cites an example of four top executives at Swiss bank UBS who came before the Committee on Banking Standards. Asked if they knew the name of their "star performer" who had just lost the bank $2bn, they replied that they didn't, he says. "The first they had heard of it was on the Bloomberg wires," Lord McFall adds.
 
 
06:46: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
Mr Walker adds that BG Group's pay offer illustrates "poor corporate governance", and "puts fund managers in a position where they are forced to approve" the £25m remuneration package for new boss Helge Lund.
 
 
06:44: Bank culture Radio 5 live
The £27bn that banks have paid in fines for the mis-selling of Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) outstrips this year's defence budget, says Lord McFall. Since the start of the financial crisis, banks have paid out more than £38bn in fines, for a litany of sins. What makes matters worse is that he and other MPs were warning the banks over the dangers of PPI for 20 years, before the mis-selling scandal broke, he adds.
 
 
06:32: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
"A red rag to anti-capitalists," is what Simon Walker, from the Institute of Directors (IoD), calls the proposed £25m pay packet for the incoming head of gas explorer BG Group, Helge Lund. He tells Today "you could not calculate a measure that is more likely to inflame" politicians, and the general public, who will balk at the sum, which is "more than 10 times [Mr Lund's] pay in Norway", where Mr Lund ran the state's oil firm.
 
 
06:24: Bank culture Radio 5 live
Lord McFall tells Wake Up to Money initiatives to change the culture in banks are "fledging and fragile". He adds: "Rhetoric at the top has been implemented, but not carried down the line [into bank departments]". The aggressive sales culture of the banks will be eliminated eventually. But the banks can't do it alone, he adds. He is also calling on the banks to provide annual progress reports to Parliament's Banking Standards Committee.
 
 
06:14: Welfare reforms
The UK's National Audit Office has warned that the cost of introducing major welfare reforms could run into billions of pounds if the IT system needed to deliver the changes isn't completed on time. The Universal Credit programme has been beset by IT problems, and the chairman of the public accounts committee, Margaret Hodge, has accused the government of throwing good money after bad. Ministers insist they are getting value for money.
 
 
06:10: Bank culture Radio 5 live
UK think tank New City Agenda says it will take "a generation" to fix the culture of the banking industry , in a report published today. The organisation's chairman, Lord McFall, who is also former chairman of the Treasury Select Committee, tells Wake Up to Money the report is the first to have gone inside the banks - it visited 11 of them - so provides a real insight into what is going on, and it's not pretty.
 
 
06:05: Clegg on immigration
The UK's deputy prime minister, Nick Clegg, has said he supports further restrictions on benefit payments to migrants from elsewhere in the European Union. Writing in the Financial Times , the Liberal Democrat leader also warns David Cameron against trying to limit the number of EU migrants coming to the UK.
 
 
06:00: Matthew West Business Reporter
Plus Moya Greene, chief executive of the Royal Mail, will be giving evidence to the Business Committee - as will a number of her rivals - on competition in the postal sector and the government-mandated obligation to deliver to all UK addresses. As always, get in touch on email at bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk or on Twitter @bbcbusiness.
 
 
06:00: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. The president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, will set out details this morning of a €300bn plan intended to revive Europe's flagging economy. Most of the money is expected to be provided by the private sector. More on that in the next few hours.
 

financial scams from cold-callersRegulator to tackle scam artists with crime proceeds
By Simon Gompertz Personal finance correspondent, BBC News
Clive Osborne contacted the FCA after receiving a call from a US-based firm
Fall in bank complaints 'not enough'
The Financial Conduct Authority is so concerned about scam merchants targeting the elderly that it is launching a major publicity campaign.
For the first time the regulator is using the proceeds of crime to pay for adverts in newspapers, on the radio and online.
The FCA believes that investment frauds pushed over the phone or the internet are costing the public £1bn a year.
Two thirds of victims are over the age of 56, 20% are over 76.
And nearly 70% are men.
'Sophisticated'
Clive Osborne from Peterborough is one of 5,000 who have got in touch with the financial watchdog over the last 12 months to complain.
He was telephoned every day for a fortnight by a US firm trying to get him to sell shares owned by his elderly mother.
"They seemed sophisticated and believable," Mr Osborne explains, "and their website looked professional."
The FCA's Tracey McDermott says the rates of return being offered are attractive to the retired
Mr Osborne's mother did have a handful of the shares. But he started having doubts when they suggested she had more than 4,000 of them and asked him to post a bond worth £5,000 to show good faith.
"That really raised my suspicions, because that was when I realised how the scammers were going to make money," said Mr Osborne.
"I didn't put up the bond, the phone went dead and I never heard from them again."
Rare-earth metals
The FCA believes people like Mr Osborne form the tip of a very large iceberg because most of those targeted are embarrassed to talk about their experiences.
The average loss is £20,000, with Birmingham, Guildford, Leicester, Northern Ireland and Bristol leading the list of worst affected areas.
The fraudsters are absolutely ruthless... they will take every last penny”
End Quote Tracey McDermott FCA head of enforcement
Investors face high-pressure selling over the phone from swindlers offering shares, land, carbon credits and rare-earth metals.
Typically, they emphasise that time is limited or dangle bonuses or discounts to persuade their victims to part with savings.
'Ruthless'
Older people are targeted deliberately because the fraudsters know they have funds to invest, according to the FCA's head of enforcement, Tracey McDermott.
"They know those people aren't able to get very good returns from traditional investments and deposit accounts at the moment, so they are more susceptible," she says.
The £1m campaign will include adverts on Classic FM, LBC radio and in the Daily Mail and the Telegraph newspapers.
"The fraudsters are absolutely ruthless," says Ms McDermott, "they will take every last penny."
She is warning potential targets not to take cold calls, not to make investments without taking independent advice and to check the FCA's website to see whether firms are authorised to operate.
More on This Story
 
Via Twitter Kamal Ahmed BBC Business editor
tweets: "In perfect analyst speak, Barclays response to Harriet Green departure: 'Clearly potentially de-stabilising to the investment thesis'."
 
 
11:15: Amazon drones
Roy Perticucci of Amazon is answering questions at the Business Committee. He's asked about when the online retailer will start using drones to deliver parcels, but declines to give a date. "Just remember that a lot of people in this country still have bad memories of aerial deliveries," quips one committee member.
 
11:06: Banks sued over price-fixing of metals
More on platinum and palladium. They are used in catalytic converters, dentistry and jewellery.
 
 
11:00: Banks sued over price-fixing of metals
The case against the banks is being brought by a Florida-based maker of jewellery and police badges. It's alleged that since 2007, the defendants "illegally shared customer data, used that information to engage in 'front-running' of expected price moves, and manufactured 'spoof' orders".
 
 
10:50: Banks sued over price-fixing of metals
Reuters is reporting that US authorities are suing Goldman Sachs , BASF, HSBC, and South Africa's Standard Bank for allegedly fixing the price of metals such as platinum and palladium. It is claimed that metals purchasers lost millions of dollars as a result.
 
 
10:36: UK GDP
A familiar graph for regular readers of the Live Page, but one worth posting. Is shows that the biggest contribution to GDP growth remains the services sector. Of all the sectors of the economy, services is the only one to have escaped the doldrums and grown beyond its pre-financial crisis peak (the red line). And it did so in 2011. So it looks as if the government still has a substantial job on its hands to rebalance the economy.
 
 
10:22: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Private sector cost structures mean that Royal Mal's competitors are likely to always be more profitable, particularly if they only operate in urban areas. "Their cost base is always going to be lower," Ms Greene says. Royal Mail did think that increases in zonal pricing for rural deliveries could help offset competition in high volume urban areas, she adds.
 
 
10:21: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
UK Mail's Guy Buswell gives us a quick micro-economics lesson on how the universal pricing of the USO works, using his own business as an example. "Our parcel business delivers something like 200,000 parcels every day, and I have one price for the whole of the country. So, if I have a customer who comes to me and says, do you know what, I do my own deliveries in my own area... so what I want you to do is the external parts of the area. I'm not going to charge him that universal price... because he is taking away the revenue I receive in areas that I would use to offset my higher costs in rural areas."
 
 
10:10: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
"We do not receive a government subsidy, as other Universal Service Obligation providers around the world do," say Ms Greene. She adds Royal Mail has been through a very painful period over the last five years and does not want to get to the point of requiring a public subsidy to continue to provide the USO. That doesn't mean she won't ask for one in the future, however.
 
 
10:08: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells, chief executive of Whistl, says he's not happy about the VAT exemption however. He says in other countries this exemption applies only to stamps, not to delivery services. It's fair to say there is little love lost between Ms Green and Mr Wells, and this is fast becoming about competition between their two respective companies.
 
09:58: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
The Universal Service Obligation costs Royal Mail £7.2bn, says Moya Greene.
 
 
09:58: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Moya Greene, the chief executive of Royal Mail, is being asked about the company's VAT exemption. She responds that the VAT exemption is not unusual and that it is enjoyed by every single Universal Service Obligation provider.
 
 
09:55: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells is now getting a grilling over the number of people his company employs on "flexible" contracts. He says the company has created thousands of jobs among the most needy in society. He says Royal Mail needs to change its work pattern. At his company staff can work on contracts of 40 hours a week, or 20 hours a week. He is critical of Royal Mail's "unwillingness to attacks its cost base". He thinks Royal Mail should make efficiency savings, particularly in terms of labour relations.
 
 
09:54: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Moya Greene comes back on that, saying it's not fair to compare the UK to the Netherlands or Belgium. She says in those countries access is limited to 5% of all mail. The UK market is far more liberalised, she argues. For example, 50% of business mail is not delivered by Royal Mail.
 
 
09:54: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells, says the Universal Service Obligation is a requirement in other countries such as the Netherlands, which have been opened up to competition. "And guess what," he says. "Their services have improved."
 
 
09:52: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Mr Wells adds: "We are a start-up business, we cannot cover every address in the UK. We are focusing on dense urban areas but we are also focusing on London, which is the second most expensive area to operate in behind rural."
 
 
09:52: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells, chief executive of Whistl says: "We pay Royal Mail a fair and effective price to cover the more difficult rural areas... what is a threat to the Universal Service Obligation is structural decline."
 
 
09:50: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
A quick reminder: The Universal Service Obligation, or USO, mandates that Royal Mail provides at least one delivery of letters every Monday to Saturday to every address in the UK, at a single, standardised price.
 
09:48: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
The session on competition in the UK postal sector is live on Parliament's website .
 
 
09:44: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Guy Buswell, chief executive of UK Mail, says there is "no cherry picking whatsoever, we pay Royal Mail a good rate and they make a good margin on those rates". He adds: "If you do start to try and make deliveries to rural areas it is extremely expensive".
 
 
09:42: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
As well as Moya Greene, the Business Committee is hearing from: Nick Wells of Whistl, Guy Buswell of UK Mail and Daniel Vines of TNT UK. Later, Roy Perticucci of Amazon will give evidence too.
 
 
09:40: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Royal Mail has made "some very painful efficiency savings," Moya Greene says in her opening salvo to the Business Committee. She says "I think there is" when asked if there is a real threat to the Universal Service Obligation (USO). She adds the USO has been under attack from competitors who have been able to cherry pick where they can deliver to for 10 years.
 
 
UK GDP 09:30: Breaking News
The UK economy grew by 0.7% in the third quarter of 2014, the second official estimate of GDP from the Office for National Statistics shows.
 
 
Via Twitter Victoria Fritz Business reporter, BBC News
tweets: "Founder of the eponymous homeware granny chic label Cath Kidston is stepping down from her creative director role after 21 years"
 
 
09:18: EU investment package
For those who wish to continue following proceedings at the European Parliament, our colleagues in the politics hub are running a live blog and video feed .
 
 
09:18: Britvic profits
Drinks company Britvic has reported a 23% rise in pre-tax profit of £133m for the year to the end of September. Sales grew 2.4% in the period, to £1.3bn. The company's highly successful Fruit Shoot multi-pack product - familiar to parents of two-year-olds across the UK-  is due to launch in the US in the second half of 2015.
 
 
09:08: Patisserie Valerie
Patisserie Holdings, the parent company of cafe chain Patisserie Valerie, reports a 26.8% rise in annual pre-tax profits, to £10.4m. The company, which listed on the London Stock Exchange this year with the ticker symbol CAKE, opened 19 new stores in the past 12 months, and saw a 100% increase in online sales (yes, they offer a range of gateaux via the web).
 
tweets: "Last month, @HarrietGreen1 was 'adamant that she is nowhere near finished at Thomas Cook '"
 
Via Twitter Marco Zatterin, La Stampa
tweets: "The Juncker Plan -  300"
 
 
08:52: Market update
European markets are higher this morning, cheered by Tuesday's US GDP figure, which showed the world's largest economy growing by an annualised rate of 3.9% in the third quarter. Thomas Cook shares are lower by 20% this morning, to 109.4p, following the departure of chief executive Harriet Green.
The FTSE 1400 index is 0.33% higher at 6755
Germany's Dax is 0.68% higher at 9927
France's Cac-40 is 0.22% higher at 4391
 
Incidentally, the fund is now confirmed to be €315bn, not €300bn as previously reported.
 
 
08:38: EU investment package
The European Investment Bank will put $5bn into Mr Juncker's investment package, says EIB president Werner Hoyer.
 
tweets: "Thomas Cook still lists Harriet Green as boss . All feels really rushed"
 
 
Via Twitter Tom Nuttall, Charlemagne columnist, the Economist
tweets: "@JunckerEU: We don't want national wishlists, we don't want this fund to be politicised. This is not an ATM, the fund is not a bank."
 
 
08:25: EU investment package
"I have a vision of children in Thessaloniki walking into a brand new classroom" says Mr Juncker. He also mentions improved hospitals, more green energy and better broadband infrastructure as part of his vision for a better Europe.
 
 
08:17: EU investment package
Mr Juncker says this is a "time for political consensus" in Europe. He says the €300bn package comes on top of existing investment by EU member states, and that individual countries must enforce structural reforms.
 
 
08:15: EU investment package
"Not only are we faced with an investment gap, we are faced with an investment trap," says Mr Juncker, because investors lack confidence. He adds that Europe's public resources are stretched, which is putting a strain on investment, a large amount of which comes through public expenditure.
 
 
08:12: EU investment package
"Christmas has come early," says Mr Juncker, as he begins his speech. "Today Europe is turning a page," with an "ambitious investment plan", he says. "Europe is back in business".
 
 
08:10: Thomas Cook
Thomas Cook shares have taken a tumble this morning following the surprise announcement that chief executive Harriet Green is leaving the business with immediate effect. Shares are down 18.5% to 112.5p.
 
 
08:04: EU investment package
European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker is about to start his speech outlining the €300bn plan to stimulate investment in the eurozone economy. For the fortitudinous among you, a live feed is available on the Commission's website .
 
 
Bank culture Via Email David Stanley from Richmond
writes: "Where does all the money [from fines] go? Presumably some goes in compensation to the victims, but the rest? To pay off the deficit?"
 
 
Via Twitter Lauren Davidson, business reporter at The Telegraph
tweets: "From Times Mag profile last month : CEO Harriet Green fixed Thomas Cook, earned less than her male predecessor."
 
 
07:40: Thomas Cook
A little more on Harriet Green's departure from Thomas Cook. "I always said that I would move on to another company with fresh challenges once my work was complete," she says. "That time is now." The statement adds that when Ms Green joined, the company's share price was 14p. Today, it is 137.9p.
 
 
Via Twitter Simon Jack Business correspondent, BBC News
tweets: "Harriet Green steps down as CEO of Thomas Cook after only 2 years. She once told me she never stays anywhere for long but this is very brief."
 
 
07:30: Thomas Cook
Overall, Thomas Cook, which has been struggling to compete with the rise of internet travel agents, made a statutory pre-tax loss of £114m for the year to the end of September. It's an improvement on the year before, when it made a £163m loss.
 
 
07:24: Compass profits
Global catering and support services firm Compass group - if you have never eaten their food, there is a very strong chance your children will have eaten it at school - has reported a 5.4% rise in pre-tax profits to £1.16bn for the year to the end of September. "Food is and will remain our core competence and is backed with some strong support service businesses," the company says.
 
 
07:18: SAS enlists Flybe
British low-cost airline Flybe has announced it has signed an agreement with Scandinavian carrier SAS, to operate some of its short haul services. It's a white-label deal, meaning SAS insignia will be displayed on the planes, and the flights will seem to the outsider like a regular SAS service.
 
 
07:08: Thomas Cook
Holiday travel company Thomas Cook has announced that its boss, Harriet Green, is to step down. She will be replaced by Peter Fankhauser, currently the chief operating officer. Ms Green only joined the firm two years ago.
 
07:04: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
That's all happening at 9:30, by the way.
 
 
Royal Mail goes to Parliament 07:02: Via Blog Kamal Ahmed BBC Business editor
Royal Mail chief executive, Moya Greene, will for the first time appear in public to make the case about why the universal, UK-wide postal service is in imminent danger. And if the written evidence Royal Mail has sent to the committee is anything to go by, her words will certainly be punchy. The written evidence calls for urgent intervention by regulator Ofcom and warns if not: "A tipping point could be reached. The universal service could become unviable before effective changes can be implemented."
 
 
06:52: Bank culture Radio 5 live
One more from Lord McFall on Wake Up to Money . He says senior managers at banks "have often pleaded ignorance or stupidity rather than culpability" and that has to change. He cites an example of four top executives at Swiss bank UBS who came before the Committee on Banking Standards. Asked if they knew the name of their "star performer" who had just lost the bank $2bn, they replied that they didn't, he says. "The first they had heard of it was on the Bloomberg wires," Lord McFall adds.
 
 
06:46: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
Mr Walker adds that BG Group's pay offer illustrates "poor corporate governance", and "puts fund managers in a position where they are forced to approve" the £25m remuneration package for new boss Helge Lund.
 
 
06:44: Bank culture Radio 5 live
The £27bn that banks have paid in fines for the mis-selling of Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) outstrips this year's defence budget, says Lord McFall. Since the start of the financial crisis, banks have paid out more than £38bn in fines, for a litany of sins. What makes matters worse is that he and other MPs were warning the banks over the dangers of PPI for 20 years, before the mis-selling scandal broke, he adds.
 
 
06:32: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
"A red rag to anti-capitalists," is what Simon Walker, from the Institute of Directors (IoD), calls the proposed £25m pay packet for the incoming head of gas explorer BG Group, Helge Lund. He tells Today "you could not calculate a measure that is more likely to inflame" politicians, and the general public, who will balk at the sum, which is "more than 10 times [Mr Lund's] pay in Norway", where Mr Lund ran the state's oil firm.
 
 
06:24: Bank culture Radio 5 live
Lord McFall tells Wake Up to Money initiatives to change the culture in banks are "fledging and fragile". He adds: "Rhetoric at the top has been implemented, but not carried down the line [into bank departments]". The aggressive sales culture of the banks will be eliminated eventually. But the banks can't do it alone, he adds. He is also calling on the banks to provide annual progress reports to Parliament's Banking Standards Committee.
 
 
06:14: Welfare reforms
The UK's National Audit Office has warned that the cost of introducing major welfare reforms could run into billions of pounds if the IT system needed to deliver the changes isn't completed on time. The Universal Credit programme has been beset by IT problems, and the chairman of the public accounts committee, Margaret Hodge, has accused the government of throwing good money after bad. Ministers insist they are getting value for money.
 
 
06:10: Bank culture Radio 5 live
UK think tank New City Agenda says it will take "a generation" to fix the culture of the banking industry , in a report published today. The organisation's chairman, Lord McFall, who is also former chairman of the Treasury Select Committee, tells Wake Up to Money the report is the first to have gone inside the banks - it visited 11 of them - so provides a real insight into what is going on, and it's not pretty.
 
 
06:05: Clegg on immigration
The UK's deputy prime minister, Nick Clegg, has said he supports further restrictions on benefit payments to migrants from elsewhere in the European Union. Writing in the Financial Times , the Liberal Democrat leader also warns David Cameron against trying to limit the number of EU migrants coming to the UK.
 
 
06:00: Matthew West Business Reporter
Plus Moya Greene, chief executive of the Royal Mail, will be giving evidence to the Business Committee - as will a number of her rivals - on competition in the postal sector and the government-mandated obligation to deliver to all UK addresses. As always, get in touch on email at bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk or on Twitter @bbcbusiness.
 
 
06:00: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. The president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, will set out details this morning of a €300bn plan intended to revive Europe's flagging economy. Most of the money is expected to be provided by the private sector. More on that in the next few hours.
 

Asian markets were uptweets: "Thomas Cook still lists Harriet Green as boss . All feels really rushed"
 
 
Via Twitter Tom Nuttall, Charlemagne columnist, the Economist
tweets: "@JunckerEU: We don't want national wishlists, we don't want this fund to be politicised. This is not an ATM, the fund is not a bank."
 
 
08:25: EU investment package
"I have a vision of children in Thessaloniki walking into a brand new classroom" says Mr Juncker. He also mentions improved hospitals, more green energy and better broadband infrastructure as part of his vision for a better Europe.
 
 
08:17: EU investment package
Mr Juncker says this is a "time for political consensus" in Europe. He says the €300bn package comes on top of existing investment by EU member states, and that individual countries must enforce structural reforms.
 
 
08:15: EU investment package
"Not only are we faced with an investment gap, we are faced with an investment trap," says Mr Juncker, because investors lack confidence. He adds that Europe's public resources are stretched, which is putting a strain on investment, a large amount of which comes through public expenditure.
 
 
08:12: EU investment package
"Christmas has come early," says Mr Juncker, as he begins his speech. "Today Europe is turning a page," with an "ambitious investment plan", he says. "Europe is back in business".
 
 
08:10: Thomas Cook
Thomas Cook shares have taken a tumble this morning following the surprise announcement that chief executive Harriet Green is leaving the business with immediate effect. Shares are down 18.5% to 112.5p.
 
 
08:04: EU investment package
European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker is about to start his speech outlining the €300bn plan to stimulate investment in the eurozone economy. For the fortitudinous among you, a live feed is available on the Commission's website .
 
 
Bank culture Via Email David Stanley from Richmond
writes: "Where does all the money [from fines] go? Presumably some goes in compensation to the victims, but the rest? To pay off the deficit?"
 
 
Via Twitter Lauren Davidson, business reporter at The Telegraph
tweets: "From Times Mag profile last month : CEO Harriet Green fixed Thomas Cook, earned less than her male predecessor."
 
 
07:40: Thomas Cook
A little more on Harriet Green's departure from Thomas Cook. "I always said that I would move on to another company with fresh challenges once my work was complete," she says. "That time is now." The statement adds that when Ms Green joined, the company's share price was 14p. Today, it is 137.9p.
 
 
Via Twitter Simon Jack Business correspondent, BBC News
tweets: "Harriet Green steps down as CEO of Thomas Cook after only 2 years. She once told me she never stays anywhere for long but this is very brief."
 
 
07:30: Thomas Cook
Overall, Thomas Cook, which has been struggling to compete with the rise of internet travel agents, made a statutory pre-tax loss of £114m for the year to the end of September. It's an improvement on the year before, when it made a £163m loss.
 
 
07:24: Compass profits
Global catering and support services firm Compass group - if you have never eaten their food, there is a very strong chance your children will have eaten it at school - has reported a 5.4% rise in pre-tax profits to £1.16bn for the year to the end of September. "Food is and will remain our core competence and is backed with some strong support service businesses," the company says.
 
 
07:18: SAS enlists Flybe
British low-cost airline Flybe has announced it has signed an agreement with Scandinavian carrier SAS, to operate some of its short haul services. It's a white-label deal, meaning SAS insignia will be displayed on the planes, and the flights will seem to the outsider like a regular SAS service.
 
 
07:08: Thomas Cook
Holiday travel company Thomas Cook has announced that its boss, Harriet Green, is to step down. She will be replaced by Peter Fankhauser, currently the chief operating officer. Ms Green only joined the firm two years ago.
 
07:04: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
That's all happening at 9:30, by the way.
 
 
Royal Mail goes to Parliament 07:02: Via Blog Kamal Ahmed BBC Business editor
Royal Mail chief executive, Moya Greene, will for the first time appear in public to make the case about why the universal, UK-wide postal service is in imminent danger. And if the written evidence Royal Mail has sent to the committee is anything to go by, her words will certainly be punchy. The written evidence calls for urgent intervention by regulator Ofcom and warns if not: "A tipping point could be reached. The universal service could become unviable before effective changes can be implemented."
 
 
06:52: Bank culture Radio 5 live
One more from Lord McFall on Wake Up to Money . He says senior managers at banks "have often pleaded ignorance or stupidity rather than culpability" and that has to change. He cites an example of four top executives at Swiss bank UBS who came before the Committee on Banking Standards. Asked if they knew the name of their "star performer" who had just lost the bank $2bn, they replied that they didn't, he says. "The first they had heard of it was on the Bloomberg wires," Lord McFall adds.
 
 
06:46: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
Mr Walker adds that BG Group's pay offer illustrates "poor corporate governance", and "puts fund managers in a position where they are forced to approve" the £25m remuneration package for new boss Helge Lund.
 
 
06:44: Bank culture Radio 5 live
The £27bn that banks have paid in fines for the mis-selling of Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) outstrips this year's defence budget, says Lord McFall. Since the start of the financial crisis, banks have paid out more than £38bn in fines, for a litany of sins. What makes matters worse is that he and other MPs were warning the banks over the dangers of PPI for 20 years, before the mis-selling scandal broke, he adds.
 
 
06:32: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
"A red rag to anti-capitalists," is what Simon Walker, from the Institute of Directors (IoD), calls the proposed £25m pay packet for the incoming head of gas explorer BG Group, Helge Lund. He tells Today "you could not calculate a measure that is more likely to inflame" politicians, and the general public, who will balk at the sum, which is "more than 10 times [Mr Lund's] pay in Norway", where Mr Lund ran the state's oil firm.
 
 
06:24: Bank culture Radio 5 live
Lord McFall tells Wake Up to Money initiatives to change the culture in banks are "fledging and fragile". He adds: "Rhetoric at the top has been implemented, but not carried down the line [into bank departments]". The aggressive sales culture of the banks will be eliminated eventually. But the banks can't do it alone, he adds. He is also calling on the banks to provide annual progress reports to Parliament's Banking Standards Committee.
 
 
06:14: Welfare reforms
The UK's National Audit Office has warned that the cost of introducing major welfare reforms could run into billions of pounds if the IT system needed to deliver the changes isn't completed on time. The Universal Credit programme has been beset by IT problems, and the chairman of the public accounts committee, Margaret Hodge, has accused the government of throwing good money after bad. Ministers insist they are getting value for money.
 
 
06:10: Bank culture Radio 5 live
UK think tank New City Agenda says it will take "a generation" to fix the culture of the banking industry , in a report published today. The organisation's chairman, Lord McFall, who is also former chairman of the Treasury Select Committee, tells Wake Up to Money the report is the first to have gone inside the banks - it visited 11 of them - so provides a real insight into what is going on, and it's not pretty.
 
 
06:05: Clegg on immigration
The UK's deputy prime minister, Nick Clegg, has said he supports further restrictions on benefit payments to migrants from elsewhere in the European Union. Writing in the Financial Times , the Liberal Democrat leader also warns David Cameron against trying to limit the number of EU migrants coming to the UK.
 
 
06:00: Matthew West Business Reporter
Plus Moya Greene, chief executive of the Royal Mail, will be giving evidence to the Business Committee - as will a number of her rivals - on competition in the postal sector and the government-mandated obligation to deliver to all UK addresses. As always, get in touch on email at bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk or on Twitter @bbcbusiness.
 
 
06:00: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. The president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, will set out details this morning of a €300bn plan intended to revive Europe's flagging economy. Most of the money is expected to be provided by the private sector. More on that in the next few hours.
 

Narendra Modi Turns Down Meet with US DelegatesNarendra Modi Turns Down Meet with US Delegates
Assembly polls: Voting picks up slowly in MumbaiAssembly polls: Voting picks up slowly in Mumbai
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Oct 15, 2014 12:51 PM IST
For 86-year-old Gajanan Budhkar, casting his vote is more crucial than his illness. The former Indian Railways employee can't stand or walk independently but came with his family to vote in his constituency.
 
"I have never missed it. I came in a rickshaw with the help of my walker to cast my vote," Budhkar told Business Standard.
 
Similarly, for Rachil Robert, 58, voting comes first. While originally from Kerala, Robert calls Mulund her home now. 
Sandesh Sonawane, 20, who is doing his graduation, voted for the first time today from the Kurla-Nehrunagar constituency. 
 
The busy King Circle area was quiet today. Some shops were closed while the ones that were open were expecting less business. Mohan Raja, who sells dress materials, said, "Due to the holiday, the voting percentage is low as also our business. However, both will pick up by evening." 
 
In some booths in the North, North East and North West Mumbai, there were long queues since morning to avoid the afternoon heat. Till 11.30 am, voter turnout was 11% in Greater Mumbai. 
 
Shiv Sena cadres were seen manning their booths in Dadar while MNS cadres were seen in large numbers in the Dadar-Mahim area. In Bandra, Kalina and Chandivli, where Congress is striving to retain its supremacy, party leaders and workers were busy guiding voters to their respective booths. 
 
Those who cast their votes so far included NCP chief Sharad Pawar, Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray, MNS chief Raj Thackdray, Bharat Ratna Sachin Tendulkar, Bollywood stars  Rekha, Jaya Bachchan, Abhishek Bachchan, Amol Palekar and actor Atul Kulkarni.
 
HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh, who could not cast his vote in the Lok Sabha election, did so for the Assembly polls at a booth in Mumbai.
 
Meanwhile, technical problems in EVMs were reported at some polling booths in Nagpur city, Wardha district of Vidarbha and Sewree in Mumbai. Voters in a Nashik booth also complained that the voter rolls were not in order. 
 
A BJP spokesman said two complaints of bogus voting in Kothrud area of Pune were registered with the election officers. Some voters in the city also complained that the indelible ink used to mark voters would fade instantly.
 
An estimated 9% voters cast their votes in the first two hours of polling which was progressing peacefully, officials said. 

much-needed revenues at this level of footballBBC © 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more.
This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.

Tata Steel in talks to sell Europe long prod...Tata Steel plans to sell UK division to Klesch Group
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 03.20PM IST
Tags:
Britain
(Klesch Group is a global…)
LONDON: Tata Steel today said it is in talks with Swiss investment firm Klesch Group to sell a part of its European assets, including mills in northern England and Scotland as part of exercise to streamline its overseas businesses.
Europe's second-largest steel producer said an initial agreement for sale of its long-products manufacturing and distribution sites in UK, France and Germany.
Long steel products, such as rebards and rails are mostly used in construction. The division employees about 6,500 people in Britain and Europe.
Overall, Tata employs 30,500 people in Europe, including 17,500 in Britain.
Tata Steel had in August stated that it is taking steps to restructure operations and cut costs by producing more high- value products and cutting jobs. It today said it has decided to focus on strip products.
According to the memorandum of understanding signed with Geneva-headquartered Klesch, Tata will sell UK-based assets including Scunthorpe Steelworks, mills in Teesside, Dalzell and Clydenbridge in Scotland, as well as operations in France and Germany, if a final deal is struck.
"We have decided to concentrate our resources mainly on our strip products activities, where we have greater cross-European production and technological synergies," said Karl Koehler, chief executive of Tata Steel's European operations.
The two sides will "now move into detailed due diligence and negotiations, though no assurance can be given about the outcome," he said.
"We want to build a sustainable business in the UK and further develop our mainland Europe business and we are committed to providing the necessary leadership and financial resources to achieve that," he added.
Tata has signed a memorandum of understanding with the industrial and commodities group, formalising its intention to agree to a sale.
The Klesch group, run by US billionaire investor Gary Klesch, is also investing in an oil refinery in Milford Haven in Wales.
UK business secretary Vince Cable said he will look to meet Klesch to discuss the firm's plan's for Tata Steel's Long Products division.
"The proposed sale shows the harsh reality of trading conditions in parts of the steel industry. I met the global head of Tata in India this week and he has personally re-affirmed to me his company's commitment to the British steel industry and to investing substantially in Port Talbot and strip steel," Cable said.
Explaining the context and rationale for this decision, Koehler said: "We are making huge strides on our strategic journey to become a premium, customer-centred steel company thanks to investment in equipment, technology and customers, together with the substantial contributions from our employees.
He said, "We have improved the competitiveness of Tata Steel's European operations, including Long Products Europe which now supplies more of the innovative steel rail, rod, plate, sections and special profile products demanded by customers."
The company has decided to concentrate its resources mainly on strip products activities, where it has greater cross-European production and technological synergies, Koehler said.
  "We want to build a sustainable business in the UK and further develop our mainland Europe business and we are committed to providing the necessary leadership and financial resources to achieve that," he added.
The developments take place at a time when European steel industry is emerging from one of the most challenging economic periods in its history.
Tata Steel has invested 1.2 billion pound in its UK operations and trained 1,200 UK apprentices and graduates since acquiring Corus in 2007.
The Klesch Group, headquartered in Geneva is a global industrial commodities business, with three divisions specialising in the production and trading of chemicals, metals and oil.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF slump! What about investors and those who ve bought homescapital market
(In DLF’s case, the fault…)
Sebi's decision in DLF case is unusually harsh because of the collateral fallout and possible disproportionately large cost to other stakeholders, especially people who have bought houses in DLF projects.
The market watchdog has punished the promoters and other decision-makers for inadequate disclosures made in the prospectus when the company made a public offer of shares in 2007, but should corporate entity DLF have also been punished, and to the same extent?
Sebi has barred DLF, promoters KP Singh and Rajiv Singh , and four others from buying, selling or otherwise dealing in securities, directly or indirectly, in any manner, whatsoever, for the period of three years.
Treating corporate entity and the promoters/executives alike means that heavily indebted DLF that needs funds to complete ongoing projects will not have any capital market access for three years. It cannot raise equity to pare down debt or raise more loan funds. The company had a net debt of over Rs 19,000 crore at the end of June 2014.
It is conceivable that banks will also get jittery rolling over debt or increasing their exposure to the troubled company. Two sets of stakeholders will face the brunt of Sebi's decision. Minority shareholders who have bought company's stock lost over 25% of their value on Tuesday.
The bigger losers could be and those who have bought houses in around 25 under-execution DLF projects if there is delay. One can still justify shareholders' loss - they knowingly invested shares of a company, a risky asset, and have paid the price for not doing their homework.
The same cannot be said for those who bought houses from their life savings. Sure real estate is often more risky than even shares, but not everyone is a speculator. For most Indians, house is a lifetime of savings. Every corporate penal action will have some fall out on innocent bystanders or stakeholders such as suppliers, contactors, routines employees and workers, creditors and many others.
Therefore, a blanket rule that precludes corporate prosecution just because there will be collateral consequences is neither desirable nor justified. A company is a legal entity and it should be liable to action for every wrong doing. That decision, however, must consider the fact that a company's decisions are made by promoters, shareholders and managers.
Therefore, disproportionate share of blame and punishment must fall on them and not the corporate entity, especially when collateral consequences are large.
In DLF's case, the fault is more with the promoters/managers because Sebi action relates to inadequate disclosures in IPO. In fact, those who invested in the company's IPO can justifiably claim to be the aggrieved party. Yes , deterrent punishment is called for to clean up the Indian stock market where players get wind of almost every deal and promoters often treat listed public companies as their private property, but that need must also be tempered by some consideration of collateral consequences.
Could it have been that those responsible for providing misleading information in the public offer given a much harsher punishment, but the company let off with a stern warning?
FEATURED ARTICLES

Promoters take a Rs 5 500-cr in DLF share slipYou are here: Home > Collections
Promoters take biggest hit of Rs 5,500 crore in DLF share plunge
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 02.51PM IST
Tags:
DLF share
(Incidentally, the FIIs…)
MUMBAI: As realty giant DLF received a severe drubbing in the stock market, its promoters took the biggest hit of Rs 5,578 crore in value of their shareholding while overseas investors also took a hit of Rs 1,500 crore.
Incidentally, the FIIs trimmed their holding in DLF marginally to 19.75 per cent in the quarter ended September, from 19.88 per cent at the end of April-June quarter.
Overseas investors have been on a selling spree in DLF counter from March quarter when their holding was at 19.90 per cent.
With a sharp fall of over 28 per cent in DLF stock yesterday, its promoters who hold 74.91 per cent stake in the company became poorer by Rs 5,578 crore.
Dip in the stock has led to a loss of Rs 7,438.67 crore in the company's market valuation, which stood at Rs 18,701.33 crore at the end of yesterday's trade.
There are 334 foreign institutional investors in the company who hold over 35 crore shares in the realty firm.
The number of individual shareholders holding nominal share capital up to Rs 1 lakh stands at 4,34,326, while those holding in excess of Rs 1 lakh is 69.
The hit for small retail investors was over Rs 200 crore, while that for HNIs was Rs 48 crore.
Sebi has barred DLF as well as its six top executives, including chairman and main promoter K P Singh, from the securities market for 3 years for "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its IPO.
Besides chairman and main promoter K P Singh, those barred from the markets include his son Rajiv Singh (Vice Chairman), daughter Pia Singh (Whole Time Director), Managing Director T C Goyal, former CFO Ramesh Sanka and former ED (Legal) Kameshwar Swarup.
DLF said it has not violated any laws and it would defend its position against any adverse findings in the Sebi order.
While the regulator has not imposed any monetary penalty, the prohibition order would bar DLF and the six persons, from any sale, purchase or any other dealings in securities markets for a period of three years, including for raising funds.
DLF had over Rs 19,000 crore of debt as on June 30, 2014, while its already-proposed fund raising plans include nearly Rs 3,500 crore through issue of certain bonds to lower debts.
This is one of the rare orders by Sebi where it has barred a bluechip firm and its top promoter/executives. The order can be challenged at Securities Appellate Tribunal.
DLF is the largest real estate group in the country with nearly Rs 10,000 crore annual turnover and market value of over Rs 26,000 crore. Its market cap had crossed Rs one lakh crore mark soon after its listing in 2007, but fell later.
DLF's IPO in 2007 had fetched Rs 9,187 crore, the biggest IPO in the country at that time.
Noting that a ban on DLF from capital markets for a period of three years is indeed serious, proxy advisory firm IiAS said it "questions whether DLF should remain a front-line index stock?"
  "Being part of the CNX Nifty, DLF attracts several equity retail and institutional shareholders. Index funds will also be required to hold the stock in the almost the same measure as its weight in the index.
"But, with the recent Sebi order, markets must question whether it should remain a constituent of a principal index," Institutional Investor Advisory Services (IiAS) said in a report on Tuesday.
IiAS also said that Sebi's order against DLF sends out a strong message to promoters and management to take the disclosure requirements under the law seriously.
"This is another strong message for corporate India to better its governance standards. This order also showcases the impact that a single investor or counterpart (since the entire investigation emanated from a business transaction) can have," it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets await Maha verdict to resume bull runYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Markets await Maharashtra election results to resume bull run?
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 15, 2014, 05.35PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(If the BJP comes to power…)
NEW DELHI: The outcome of the assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana will act as the next big trigger for the markets as the BJP tries to get a solid, solo footing in both the states.
A victory in Maharashtra, home of the country's financial capital, would help Centre push economic reforms. And, if the BJP comes to power in the state then they are seen being more able to take bolder decisions, say analysts.
"Battle in Maharashtra will be crucial as it is a four-cornered contest. Maharashtra being an industrial state contributing around 13 per cent to India's industrial output and a major hub for FDI investments, stock markets are expected to react to the election outcome," says Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities.
"Decisions related to goods and services taxes which face strong opposition from some states would ease out and some boost could be seen. Issues concerned with reduction in price control in diesel could be seen gaining more attention," he added.
Kavikondala is of the view that many stalled projects in these states could be seen gaining attention by the new government as their agenda. Bringing reforms can be difficult for the new government in these states if the verdict is against them, he added.
Maharashtra assembly election is as important as Lok Sabha election due to the size and the number of constituencies in the state.
Voting began on Wednesday on the 288 assembly seats of Maharashtra where 8.35 crore voters are eligible of exercising their franchise. Of the 288 constituencies, including 36 constituencies in Mumbai, 234 are general, 29 reserved for scheduled castes and 25 for scheduled tribes.
"The winner could use the Maharashtra as a strong platform for next Lok Sabha election," says Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services.
"Therefore, I believe that any deviation from expected results could impact the market due to overreaction of investors on the situation," he added.
Maharashtra has immense potential for infrastructure development and FDI for manufacturing, which is the main theme of newly elected Modi government. So, a win here will a crucial in expediting reforms, say analysts.
Therefore, BJP would not be able to afford the loss in Maharashtra assembly elections, adds Pendharkar.
Voting has begun in Maharashtra and Haryana for Assembly elections in both the states, and results will be announced on Sunday, Oct 19.
A win for BJP will strengthen the party in Rajya Sabha which will help in passing major bills, say analysts. Important reforms like GST where manufacturing states like Maharashtra fears revenue losses may get boost as market participants expect big bang reforms from BJP.
Kavikondala is of the view that a decisive mandate in Maharashtra, where battle is four-cornered, will favour stock markets as it will strengthen the view that coalition government politics is nearing its end in India.
Based on expectations from new government, stock market may react positively to BJP victory; however, a fractured mandate will create difficulties in rolling out important bills like GST, labour reforms in the state and may impact stock market negatively.
  "The outcome of assembly election of Maharashtra and Haryana will be the next trigger to set the market tone in near-term after the IIP and WPI & CPI numbers," said Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
"If it proves to be negative outcomes for the BJP then we can expect some kind of correction in the current up moves. Polls outcome will definitely dictate the new government reforms push as it will be the final change in the administration of Prime Minister and will helps in rolling the reform," he added.
The recently released inflation numbers on both CPI and WPI have shown good hopes for the market in the near-term, but due to global headwinds Indian markets have faced some bit of correction in the past couple of weeks.
Sensex has plunged nearly 300 points or little over 1 per cent so far in the month of October as compared to near 25 per cent rally seen so far in the year 2014.
"Any dip in the market from the current levels due to the negative outcomes in the result for the BJP, will be a good buying opportunity for the market participants," says Gadia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

31% turnout in Maharashtra  44.4% in Haryana; go vote  says BollywoodAfter remaining sluggish for the most part of the day, voting gathered pace in Maharashtra in the afternoon, with the polling percentage crossing 63.4% by 6pm.
Women in Daultabad cast their votes. (HT Photo)
Voters in Mumbai came out to exercise their right in the afternoon taking the polling percentage in the capital to 48% till 5pm, according to reports.
Polling started on a brisk note, slowed down around noon but again picked up, officials said.
Haryana, on the other hand, registered an record-breaking turnout figure, with the polling percentage reaching all-time high of 75.9. 
In 1967, maximum polling of 72.65% had taken place in Haryana, while in 1968, minimum polling of 57.26% was registered. In the 2009 elections, 72.37% polling was recorded.
The state had a very slow start in the morning especially in the urban areas. Stray incidents of violence marked the assembly polls in Haryana leaving 32 persons including 10 policemen injured.
While longer queues were seen in rural areas in Maharashtra , the low turnout in urban areas , especially in the rural areas prompted political leaders and celebrities to appeal to people to come out and vote.
Report of stray violence came from as a group of Maoists opened fire on a polling party at Maskipalli in Chamorshi tehsil in Gadchiroli district. "The policemen posted at the polling centre promptly returned the fire and the encounter is still going on," Gadchiroli police PRO said. Further details are awaited.
Cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, and film actors Salman Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Rekha and Bomman Irani came out to vote in the morning, and urged Mumbai's citizens to come out in larger numbers.
"Go vote, " tweeted Salman Khan, adding that people who were enjoying a picnic without going to vote would be the ones who would complain the most later on. 
Among the political leaders in Maharashtra who have voted so far are Sharad Pawar, and Ajit Pawar from the NCP, Devendra Fadnavis from the BJP, former home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and MNS chief Raj Thackeray.
"I am confident that people will choose Congress this time also for the work done in last 15 years," Prithviraj Chavan said after casting his vote in Karad.
 
"There has been a change in the government at the Centre, major alliances have ended, and all political parties are taking their chances in this poll," he said.
The high turnout for the assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra indicates "polling against Congress misrule", BJP said as it claimed that it would form the government in the two states after winning a decisive mandate from the voters.
 
"We claim that these polling trends are in favour of BJP and we will form governments with absolute majority in both Maharashtra and Haryana.
 
"This heavy polling is against the Congress misrule and corruption and in favour of BJP's good governance and development and credible leadership," BJP general secretary JP Nadda told reporters in Delhi.
Earlier in the day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi  tweeted,  urging voters in both states to come out and vote. "Youngsters should show the way and ensure a  high voter turnout.
The polls are a major test as much of Modi’s personal charisma as his party’s strategy to abandon long-standing allies in search of political majority in two key states.
Just ahead of the elections, the BJP snapped its 25-year old alliance with the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and parted ways with Kuldeep Bishnoi's Haryana Janhit Congress in Haryana.
A victory will not only reaffirm Modi’s appeal with voters but also silence detractors of his new party leadership, which was blamed for a string of defeats in assembly by-elections that tempered the euphoria of his Lok Sabha triumph.

Rajan awarded best Central Bank Guv by Eurom...You are here: Home > Collections > Nasscom
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan awarded Best Central Bank Governor by Euromoney
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 03.53PM IST
Tags:
Central Bank Governor of the Year Award 2014
(Rajan received Euromoney's…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank governor Raghuram Rajan has been conferred with the Best Central Bank Governor award for 2014 by Euromoney magazine.
Euromoney said Raghuram Rajan's tough monetary medicine combatted the storm ravaging the deficit-ridden economy in the recent emerging market crisis.
"Now, he is battling vested interests to arouse a sleepy financial system for over one billion people...Remarkably, the internationally-renowned economist, who earned acclaim for his warnings in 2005 of an upcoming global crisis of sorts, has, for the past year been true to his word," Euromoney said.
Rajan received Euromoney's Central Bank Governor of the Year Award 2014 in Washington on October 10, the RBI said in a release today.
"As he confronted capital outflows, the rupee at record lows, and over-blown but palpable fears India was marching towards an Asia-crisis style abyss, Rajan duly administered tough monetary medicine to ailing bond and currency markets," Euromoney added.
In January 2003, the American Finance Association awarded Rajan the inaugural Fischer Black Prize for the best finance researcher under the age of 40.
The other awards he has received include the global Indian of the year award from NASSCOM in 2011, the Infosys prize for the Economic Sciences in 2012, and the Center for Financial Studies-Deutsche Bank Prize for financial economics in 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

selling its "Long Products" divisionIndia's Tata Steel set to sell some of its UK plants
Gary Klesch: Employment at Tata plants 'toppy'
400 jobs to go at Tata steel plant
Tata Steel is planning to sell its Long Products division, which employs 6,500 people in the UK and Europe.
Indian-based Tata said it had signed an agreement with Klesch Group, a company with headquarters in Geneva, which it hoped would lead to a sale.
The division includes operations in Scunthorpe and Teesside in England, and Dalzell and Clydebridge in Scotland.
It also includes sites in Workington and York, as well as other operations in France and Germany.
But the company's sheet and speciality steel operations in South Wales and South Yorkshire are unaffected.
Billionaire buyer
The Long Products division manufactures transport rails and steel sections for use in construction, heavy industry and excavation, and accounts for about a third of Tata Steel's UK employees.
The sale, if it goes ahead, will reduce the number of Tata Steel's UK employees from 17,500 to 11,500.
Tata has signed a memorandum of understanding with the industrial and commodities investment company, Klesch Group, formalising its intention to agree a sale.
Tata's Scunthorpe works is one of the sites up for sale
"We will now move into detailed due diligence and negotiations, though no assurance can be given about the outcome," Karl Koehler, chief executive of Tata Steel's European operations, said in a statement.
The Klesch Group, run by US billionaire investor Gary Klesch, is also investing in an oil refinery in Milford Haven in Wales and already operates two steel plants in northern Italy.
In a statement, Mr Klesch said: "We believe there is a growing market for the first class products made by this business and we intend to capitalise on this demand."
'Extremely disappointed'
Tata Steel said it would consult trade unions throughout the process.
However, Roy Rickhuss, general secretary of the steelworkers' union Community, said members were not satisfied.
"We're extremely disappointed with the way that Tata Steel have handled this announcement, which does not reflect well on Tata's values," he said.
The three unions covering Tata's UK workforce, Community, Unite and the GMB, said in a joint statement: "Tata Steel has failed to consult at all with the trade unions before making this move, which could have serious consequences for employees and contractors right across Tata Steel, not just within the Long Products business that it wants to sell."
Following a sale the company said it would refocus its resources on its other two European divisions - stripped products and speciality steel.
Tata's stripped products business makes sheet steel for domestic appliances, the automotive industry and consumer electronics and is based mostly in South Wales and the Midlands. Its speciality steel business in South Yorkshire provides premium products for the automotive and aerospace industries.
Demand for steel has only partially recovered in the wake of the financial crisis and in July Tata announced the loss of 400 jobs at Port Talbot in Wales.
Prime Minister David Cameron has agreed to meet MPs representing communities affected by the sale.
Mr Cameron said he was "very happy" to hold discussions with the cross-party group of MPs about "this vitally important issue" after being asked to do so by Labour MP for Scunthorpe Nic Dakin.
More on This Story
The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites
Share this page
 
Via Twitter Kamal Ahmed BBC Business editor
tweets: "In perfect analyst speak, Barclays response to Harriet Green departure: 'Clearly potentially de-stabilising to the investment thesis'."
 
 
11:15: Amazon drones
Roy Perticucci of Amazon is answering questions at the Business Committee. He's asked about when the online retailer will start using drones to deliver parcels, but declines to give a date. "Just remember that a lot of people in this country still have bad memories of aerial deliveries," quips one committee member.
 
11:06: Banks sued over price-fixing of metals
More on platinum and palladium. They are used in catalytic converters, dentistry and jewellery.
 
 
11:00: Banks sued over price-fixing of metals
The case against the banks is being brought by a Florida-based maker of jewellery and police badges. It's alleged that since 2007, the defendants "illegally shared customer data, used that information to engage in 'front-running' of expected price moves, and manufactured 'spoof' orders".
 
 
10:50: Banks sued over price-fixing of metals
Reuters is reporting that US authorities are suing Goldman Sachs , BASF, HSBC, and South Africa's Standard Bank for allegedly fixing the price of metals such as platinum and palladium. It is claimed that metals purchasers lost millions of dollars as a result.
 
 
10:36: UK GDP
A familiar graph for regular readers of the Live Page, but one worth posting. Is shows that the biggest contribution to GDP growth remains the services sector. Of all the sectors of the economy, services is the only one to have escaped the doldrums and grown beyond its pre-financial crisis peak (the red line). And it did so in 2011. So it looks as if the government still has a substantial job on its hands to rebalance the economy.
 
 
10:22: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Private sector cost structures mean that Royal Mal's competitors are likely to always be more profitable, particularly if they only operate in urban areas. "Their cost base is always going to be lower," Ms Greene says. Royal Mail did think that increases in zonal pricing for rural deliveries could help offset competition in high volume urban areas, she adds.
 
 
10:21: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
UK Mail's Guy Buswell gives us a quick micro-economics lesson on how the universal pricing of the USO works, using his own business as an example. "Our parcel business delivers something like 200,000 parcels every day, and I have one price for the whole of the country. So, if I have a customer who comes to me and says, do you know what, I do my own deliveries in my own area... so what I want you to do is the external parts of the area. I'm not going to charge him that universal price... because he is taking away the revenue I receive in areas that I would use to offset my higher costs in rural areas."
 
 
10:10: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
"We do not receive a government subsidy, as other Universal Service Obligation providers around the world do," say Ms Greene. She adds Royal Mail has been through a very painful period over the last five years and does not want to get to the point of requiring a public subsidy to continue to provide the USO. That doesn't mean she won't ask for one in the future, however.
 
 
10:08: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells, chief executive of Whistl, says he's not happy about the VAT exemption however. He says in other countries this exemption applies only to stamps, not to delivery services. It's fair to say there is little love lost between Ms Green and Mr Wells, and this is fast becoming about competition between their two respective companies.
 
09:58: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
The Universal Service Obligation costs Royal Mail £7.2bn, says Moya Greene.
 
 
09:58: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Moya Greene, the chief executive of Royal Mail, is being asked about the company's VAT exemption. She responds that the VAT exemption is not unusual and that it is enjoyed by every single Universal Service Obligation provider.
 
 
09:55: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells is now getting a grilling over the number of people his company employs on "flexible" contracts. He says the company has created thousands of jobs among the most needy in society. He says Royal Mail needs to change its work pattern. At his company staff can work on contracts of 40 hours a week, or 20 hours a week. He is critical of Royal Mail's "unwillingness to attacks its cost base". He thinks Royal Mail should make efficiency savings, particularly in terms of labour relations.
 
 
09:54: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Moya Greene comes back on that, saying it's not fair to compare the UK to the Netherlands or Belgium. She says in those countries access is limited to 5% of all mail. The UK market is far more liberalised, she argues. For example, 50% of business mail is not delivered by Royal Mail.
 
 
09:54: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells, says the Universal Service Obligation is a requirement in other countries such as the Netherlands, which have been opened up to competition. "And guess what," he says. "Their services have improved."
 
 
09:52: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Mr Wells adds: "We are a start-up business, we cannot cover every address in the UK. We are focusing on dense urban areas but we are also focusing on London, which is the second most expensive area to operate in behind rural."
 
 
09:52: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Nick Wells, chief executive of Whistl says: "We pay Royal Mail a fair and effective price to cover the more difficult rural areas... what is a threat to the Universal Service Obligation is structural decline."
 
 
09:50: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
A quick reminder: The Universal Service Obligation, or USO, mandates that Royal Mail provides at least one delivery of letters every Monday to Saturday to every address in the UK, at a single, standardised price.
 
09:48: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
The session on competition in the UK postal sector is live on Parliament's website .
 
 
09:44: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Guy Buswell, chief executive of UK Mail, says there is "no cherry picking whatsoever, we pay Royal Mail a good rate and they make a good margin on those rates". He adds: "If you do start to try and make deliveries to rural areas it is extremely expensive".
 
 
09:42: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
As well as Moya Greene, the Business Committee is hearing from: Nick Wells of Whistl, Guy Buswell of UK Mail and Daniel Vines of TNT UK. Later, Roy Perticucci of Amazon will give evidence too.
 
 
09:40: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
Royal Mail has made "some very painful efficiency savings," Moya Greene says in her opening salvo to the Business Committee. She says "I think there is" when asked if there is a real threat to the Universal Service Obligation (USO). She adds the USO has been under attack from competitors who have been able to cherry pick where they can deliver to for 10 years.
 
 
UK GDP 09:30: Breaking News
The UK economy grew by 0.7% in the third quarter of 2014, the second official estimate of GDP from the Office for National Statistics shows.
 
 
Via Twitter Victoria Fritz Business reporter, BBC News
tweets: "Founder of the eponymous homeware granny chic label Cath Kidston is stepping down from her creative director role after 21 years"
 
 
09:18: EU investment package
For those who wish to continue following proceedings at the European Parliament, our colleagues in the politics hub are running a live blog and video feed .
 
 
09:18: Britvic profits
Drinks company Britvic has reported a 23% rise in pre-tax profit of £133m for the year to the end of September. Sales grew 2.4% in the period, to £1.3bn. The company's highly successful Fruit Shoot multi-pack product - familiar to parents of two-year-olds across the UK-  is due to launch in the US in the second half of 2015.
 
 
09:08: Patisserie Valerie
Patisserie Holdings, the parent company of cafe chain Patisserie Valerie, reports a 26.8% rise in annual pre-tax profits, to £10.4m. The company, which listed on the London Stock Exchange this year with the ticker symbol CAKE, opened 19 new stores in the past 12 months, and saw a 100% increase in online sales (yes, they offer a range of gateaux via the web).
 
tweets: "Last month, @HarrietGreen1 was 'adamant that she is nowhere near finished at Thomas Cook '"
 
Via Twitter Marco Zatterin, La Stampa
tweets: "The Juncker Plan -  300"
 
 
08:52: Market update
European markets are higher this morning, cheered by Tuesday's US GDP figure, which showed the world's largest economy growing by an annualised rate of 3.9% in the third quarter. Thomas Cook shares are lower by 20% this morning, to 109.4p, following the departure of chief executive Harriet Green.
The FTSE 1400 index is 0.33% higher at 6755
Germany's Dax is 0.68% higher at 9927
France's Cac-40 is 0.22% higher at 4391
 
Incidentally, the fund is now confirmed to be €315bn, not €300bn as previously reported.
 
 
08:38: EU investment package
The European Investment Bank will put $5bn into Mr Juncker's investment package, says EIB president Werner Hoyer.
 
tweets: "Thomas Cook still lists Harriet Green as boss . All feels really rushed"
 
 
Via Twitter Tom Nuttall, Charlemagne columnist, the Economist
tweets: "@JunckerEU: We don't want national wishlists, we don't want this fund to be politicised. This is not an ATM, the fund is not a bank."
 
 
08:25: EU investment package
"I have a vision of children in Thessaloniki walking into a brand new classroom" says Mr Juncker. He also mentions improved hospitals, more green energy and better broadband infrastructure as part of his vision for a better Europe.
 
 
08:17: EU investment package
Mr Juncker says this is a "time for political consensus" in Europe. He says the €300bn package comes on top of existing investment by EU member states, and that individual countries must enforce structural reforms.
 
 
08:15: EU investment package
"Not only are we faced with an investment gap, we are faced with an investment trap," says Mr Juncker, because investors lack confidence. He adds that Europe's public resources are stretched, which is putting a strain on investment, a large amount of which comes through public expenditure.
 
 
08:12: EU investment package
"Christmas has come early," says Mr Juncker, as he begins his speech. "Today Europe is turning a page," with an "ambitious investment plan", he says. "Europe is back in business".
 
 
08:10: Thomas Cook
Thomas Cook shares have taken a tumble this morning following the surprise announcement that chief executive Harriet Green is leaving the business with immediate effect. Shares are down 18.5% to 112.5p.
 
 
08:04: EU investment package
European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker is about to start his speech outlining the €300bn plan to stimulate investment in the eurozone economy. For the fortitudinous among you, a live feed is available on the Commission's website .
 
 
Bank culture Via Email David Stanley from Richmond
writes: "Where does all the money [from fines] go? Presumably some goes in compensation to the victims, but the rest? To pay off the deficit?"
 
 
Via Twitter Lauren Davidson, business reporter at The Telegraph
tweets: "From Times Mag profile last month : CEO Harriet Green fixed Thomas Cook, earned less than her male predecessor."
 
 
07:40: Thomas Cook
A little more on Harriet Green's departure from Thomas Cook. "I always said that I would move on to another company with fresh challenges once my work was complete," she says. "That time is now." The statement adds that when Ms Green joined, the company's share price was 14p. Today, it is 137.9p.
 
 
Via Twitter Simon Jack Business correspondent, BBC News
tweets: "Harriet Green steps down as CEO of Thomas Cook after only 2 years. She once told me she never stays anywhere for long but this is very brief."
 
 
07:30: Thomas Cook
Overall, Thomas Cook, which has been struggling to compete with the rise of internet travel agents, made a statutory pre-tax loss of £114m for the year to the end of September. It's an improvement on the year before, when it made a £163m loss.
 
 
07:24: Compass profits
Global catering and support services firm Compass group - if you have never eaten their food, there is a very strong chance your children will have eaten it at school - has reported a 5.4% rise in pre-tax profits to £1.16bn for the year to the end of September. "Food is and will remain our core competence and is backed with some strong support service businesses," the company says.
 
 
07:18: SAS enlists Flybe
British low-cost airline Flybe has announced it has signed an agreement with Scandinavian carrier SAS, to operate some of its short haul services. It's a white-label deal, meaning SAS insignia will be displayed on the planes, and the flights will seem to the outsider like a regular SAS service.
 
 
07:08: Thomas Cook
Holiday travel company Thomas Cook has announced that its boss, Harriet Green, is to step down. She will be replaced by Peter Fankhauser, currently the chief operating officer. Ms Green only joined the firm two years ago.
 
07:04: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
That's all happening at 9:30, by the way.
 
 
Royal Mail goes to Parliament 07:02: Via Blog Kamal Ahmed BBC Business editor
Royal Mail chief executive, Moya Greene, will for the first time appear in public to make the case about why the universal, UK-wide postal service is in imminent danger. And if the written evidence Royal Mail has sent to the committee is anything to go by, her words will certainly be punchy. The written evidence calls for urgent intervention by regulator Ofcom and warns if not: "A tipping point could be reached. The universal service could become unviable before effective changes can be implemented."
 
 
06:52: Bank culture Radio 5 live
One more from Lord McFall on Wake Up to Money . He says senior managers at banks "have often pleaded ignorance or stupidity rather than culpability" and that has to change. He cites an example of four top executives at Swiss bank UBS who came before the Committee on Banking Standards. Asked if they knew the name of their "star performer" who had just lost the bank $2bn, they replied that they didn't, he says. "The first they had heard of it was on the Bloomberg wires," Lord McFall adds.
 
 
06:46: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
Mr Walker adds that BG Group's pay offer illustrates "poor corporate governance", and "puts fund managers in a position where they are forced to approve" the £25m remuneration package for new boss Helge Lund.
 
 
06:44: Bank culture Radio 5 live
The £27bn that banks have paid in fines for the mis-selling of Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) outstrips this year's defence budget, says Lord McFall. Since the start of the financial crisis, banks have paid out more than £38bn in fines, for a litany of sins. What makes matters worse is that he and other MPs were warning the banks over the dangers of PPI for 20 years, before the mis-selling scandal broke, he adds.
 
 
06:32: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
"A red rag to anti-capitalists," is what Simon Walker, from the Institute of Directors (IoD), calls the proposed £25m pay packet for the incoming head of gas explorer BG Group, Helge Lund. He tells Today "you could not calculate a measure that is more likely to inflame" politicians, and the general public, who will balk at the sum, which is "more than 10 times [Mr Lund's] pay in Norway", where Mr Lund ran the state's oil firm.
 
 
06:24: Bank culture Radio 5 live
Lord McFall tells Wake Up to Money initiatives to change the culture in banks are "fledging and fragile". He adds: "Rhetoric at the top has been implemented, but not carried down the line [into bank departments]". The aggressive sales culture of the banks will be eliminated eventually. But the banks can't do it alone, he adds. He is also calling on the banks to provide annual progress reports to Parliament's Banking Standards Committee.
 
 
06:14: Welfare reforms
The UK's National Audit Office has warned that the cost of introducing major welfare reforms could run into billions of pounds if the IT system needed to deliver the changes isn't completed on time. The Universal Credit programme has been beset by IT problems, and the chairman of the public accounts committee, Margaret Hodge, has accused the government of throwing good money after bad. Ministers insist they are getting value for money.
 
 
06:10: Bank culture Radio 5 live
UK think tank New City Agenda says it will take "a generation" to fix the culture of the banking industry , in a report published today. The organisation's chairman, Lord McFall, who is also former chairman of the Treasury Select Committee, tells Wake Up to Money the report is the first to have gone inside the banks - it visited 11 of them - so provides a real insight into what is going on, and it's not pretty.
 
 
06:05: Clegg on immigration
The UK's deputy prime minister, Nick Clegg, has said he supports further restrictions on benefit payments to migrants from elsewhere in the European Union. Writing in the Financial Times , the Liberal Democrat leader also warns David Cameron against trying to limit the number of EU migrants coming to the UK.
 
 
06:00: Matthew West Business Reporter
Plus Moya Greene, chief executive of the Royal Mail, will be giving evidence to the Business Committee - as will a number of her rivals - on competition in the postal sector and the government-mandated obligation to deliver to all UK addresses. As always, get in touch on email at bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk or on Twitter @bbcbusiness.
 
 
06:00: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. The president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, will set out details this morning of a €300bn plan intended to revive Europe's flagging economy. Most of the money is expected to be provided by the private sector. More on that in the next few hours.
 

Pak violates ceasefire  fires along LoC in PoonchComments
Pakistani troops again violated the ceasefire on Wednesday by resorting to mortar shelling and firing along the LoC in Poonch district.
Villagers show mortar shell marks on a wall after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers at a residential area. (PTI Photo)
There was firing from across the border along LoC in Saujian sector of Poonch district on Wednesday morning, Senior Superintendent of Police, Poonch, Shamsher Hussain told PTI.
Pakistani troops also targeted forward areas in Kirni and Shahpur belts, he said, adding there was no injury to anyone in the cross-border firing.
A defence spokesperson said the troops retaliated to the Pakistani firing.
"There was no loss of life," he said. Divisional Commissioner, Jammu Zone, Shant Manu said on Wednesday that "there has been no firing by Pakistan along the IB in the past few days. It is calm."
He, however, said that firing by Pakistan is going on along the LoC in Saujian belt of Poonch.
The IB and LoC in Jammu region have witnessed heavy firing and mortar shelling by Pakistani troops since October one which has left eight persons dead and over 94 injured, including 13 security men.
Besides nearly 30,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.

bought by US firm Qualcommtweets: "Thomas Cook still lists Harriet Green as boss . All feels really rushed"
 
 
Via Twitter Tom Nuttall, Charlemagne columnist, the Economist
tweets: "@JunckerEU: We don't want national wishlists, we don't want this fund to be politicised. This is not an ATM, the fund is not a bank."
 
 
08:25: EU investment package
"I have a vision of children in Thessaloniki walking into a brand new classroom" says Mr Juncker. He also mentions improved hospitals, more green energy and better broadband infrastructure as part of his vision for a better Europe.
 
 
08:17: EU investment package
Mr Juncker says this is a "time for political consensus" in Europe. He says the €300bn package comes on top of existing investment by EU member states, and that individual countries must enforce structural reforms.
 
 
08:15: EU investment package
"Not only are we faced with an investment gap, we are faced with an investment trap," says Mr Juncker, because investors lack confidence. He adds that Europe's public resources are stretched, which is putting a strain on investment, a large amount of which comes through public expenditure.
 
 
08:12: EU investment package
"Christmas has come early," says Mr Juncker, as he begins his speech. "Today Europe is turning a page," with an "ambitious investment plan", he says. "Europe is back in business".
 
 
08:10: Thomas Cook
Thomas Cook shares have taken a tumble this morning following the surprise announcement that chief executive Harriet Green is leaving the business with immediate effect. Shares are down 18.5% to 112.5p.
 
 
08:04: EU investment package
European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker is about to start his speech outlining the €300bn plan to stimulate investment in the eurozone economy. For the fortitudinous among you, a live feed is available on the Commission's website .
 
 
Bank culture Via Email David Stanley from Richmond
writes: "Where does all the money [from fines] go? Presumably some goes in compensation to the victims, but the rest? To pay off the deficit?"
 
 
Via Twitter Lauren Davidson, business reporter at The Telegraph
tweets: "From Times Mag profile last month : CEO Harriet Green fixed Thomas Cook, earned less than her male predecessor."
 
 
07:40: Thomas Cook
A little more on Harriet Green's departure from Thomas Cook. "I always said that I would move on to another company with fresh challenges once my work was complete," she says. "That time is now." The statement adds that when Ms Green joined, the company's share price was 14p. Today, it is 137.9p.
 
 
Via Twitter Simon Jack Business correspondent, BBC News
tweets: "Harriet Green steps down as CEO of Thomas Cook after only 2 years. She once told me she never stays anywhere for long but this is very brief."
 
 
07:30: Thomas Cook
Overall, Thomas Cook, which has been struggling to compete with the rise of internet travel agents, made a statutory pre-tax loss of £114m for the year to the end of September. It's an improvement on the year before, when it made a £163m loss.
 
 
07:24: Compass profits
Global catering and support services firm Compass group - if you have never eaten their food, there is a very strong chance your children will have eaten it at school - has reported a 5.4% rise in pre-tax profits to £1.16bn for the year to the end of September. "Food is and will remain our core competence and is backed with some strong support service businesses," the company says.
 
 
07:18: SAS enlists Flybe
British low-cost airline Flybe has announced it has signed an agreement with Scandinavian carrier SAS, to operate some of its short haul services. It's a white-label deal, meaning SAS insignia will be displayed on the planes, and the flights will seem to the outsider like a regular SAS service.
 
 
07:08: Thomas Cook
Holiday travel company Thomas Cook has announced that its boss, Harriet Green, is to step down. She will be replaced by Peter Fankhauser, currently the chief operating officer. Ms Green only joined the firm two years ago.
 
07:04: Royal Mail goes to Parliament
That's all happening at 9:30, by the way.
 
 
Royal Mail goes to Parliament 07:02: Via Blog Kamal Ahmed BBC Business editor
Royal Mail chief executive, Moya Greene, will for the first time appear in public to make the case about why the universal, UK-wide postal service is in imminent danger. And if the written evidence Royal Mail has sent to the committee is anything to go by, her words will certainly be punchy. The written evidence calls for urgent intervention by regulator Ofcom and warns if not: "A tipping point could be reached. The universal service could become unviable before effective changes can be implemented."
 
 
06:52: Bank culture Radio 5 live
One more from Lord McFall on Wake Up to Money . He says senior managers at banks "have often pleaded ignorance or stupidity rather than culpability" and that has to change. He cites an example of four top executives at Swiss bank UBS who came before the Committee on Banking Standards. Asked if they knew the name of their "star performer" who had just lost the bank $2bn, they replied that they didn't, he says. "The first they had heard of it was on the Bloomberg wires," Lord McFall adds.
 
 
06:46: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
Mr Walker adds that BG Group's pay offer illustrates "poor corporate governance", and "puts fund managers in a position where they are forced to approve" the £25m remuneration package for new boss Helge Lund.
 
 
06:44: Bank culture Radio 5 live
The £27bn that banks have paid in fines for the mis-selling of Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) outstrips this year's defence budget, says Lord McFall. Since the start of the financial crisis, banks have paid out more than £38bn in fines, for a litany of sins. What makes matters worse is that he and other MPs were warning the banks over the dangers of PPI for 20 years, before the mis-selling scandal broke, he adds.
 
 
06:32: BG boss' pay BBC Radio 4
"A red rag to anti-capitalists," is what Simon Walker, from the Institute of Directors (IoD), calls the proposed £25m pay packet for the incoming head of gas explorer BG Group, Helge Lund. He tells Today "you could not calculate a measure that is more likely to inflame" politicians, and the general public, who will balk at the sum, which is "more than 10 times [Mr Lund's] pay in Norway", where Mr Lund ran the state's oil firm.
 
 
06:24: Bank culture Radio 5 live
Lord McFall tells Wake Up to Money initiatives to change the culture in banks are "fledging and fragile". He adds: "Rhetoric at the top has been implemented, but not carried down the line [into bank departments]". The aggressive sales culture of the banks will be eliminated eventually. But the banks can't do it alone, he adds. He is also calling on the banks to provide annual progress reports to Parliament's Banking Standards Committee.
 
 
06:14: Welfare reforms
The UK's National Audit Office has warned that the cost of introducing major welfare reforms could run into billions of pounds if the IT system needed to deliver the changes isn't completed on time. The Universal Credit programme has been beset by IT problems, and the chairman of the public accounts committee, Margaret Hodge, has accused the government of throwing good money after bad. Ministers insist they are getting value for money.
 
 
06:10: Bank culture Radio 5 live
UK think tank New City Agenda says it will take "a generation" to fix the culture of the banking industry , in a report published today. The organisation's chairman, Lord McFall, who is also former chairman of the Treasury Select Committee, tells Wake Up to Money the report is the first to have gone inside the banks - it visited 11 of them - so provides a real insight into what is going on, and it's not pretty.
 
 
06:05: Clegg on immigration
The UK's deputy prime minister, Nick Clegg, has said he supports further restrictions on benefit payments to migrants from elsewhere in the European Union. Writing in the Financial Times , the Liberal Democrat leader also warns David Cameron against trying to limit the number of EU migrants coming to the UK.
 
 
06:00: Matthew West Business Reporter
Plus Moya Greene, chief executive of the Royal Mail, will be giving evidence to the Business Committee - as will a number of her rivals - on competition in the postal sector and the government-mandated obligation to deliver to all UK addresses. As always, get in touch on email at bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk or on Twitter @bbcbusiness.
 
 
06:00: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. The president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, will set out details this morning of a €300bn plan intended to revive Europe's flagging economy. Most of the money is expected to be provided by the private sector. More on that in the next few hours.
 

12 companies launch public offers in SeptembeYou are here: Home > Collections
12 companies launch public offers in September; highest ever in a month
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 04.58PM IST
Tags:
BSE SME platform
(12 cos launch public offers…)
MUMBAI: Tapping strong investor sentiments, as many as 12 small and medium enterprises came out with their IPOs in September -- the highest in a single month since the launch of dedicated SME platforms in March 2012.
The SMEs, most of them to be listed on BSE SME platform, had come out with their intial public offering (IPO) to together raise atleast Rs 81 crore.
Top bourses -- the BSE and the NSE -- had launched dedicated platforms for SMEs in March 2012 to enable the listing of these firms and help them raise equity capital for growth and expansion in a cost-effective manner.
Among the 12 firms that hit the capital markets with their IPOs in September, Momai Apparels topped the chart with Rs 30 crore initial share sale. The firm is the only one proposed to be listed on NSE's platform for SMEs -- NSE Emerge, among the 12 companies.
The remaining 11 IPOs -- Naysaa Securities, Sirohia & Sons, Encash Entertainment, Ultracab (India), Aryaman Capital Markets, Atishay Infotech, Dhabriya Polywood, Starlit Power Systems, Vibrant Global Capital, Powerhouse Fitness & Realty, and ADCC Infocad -- would trade on the BSE SME segment.
According to market experts, current market conditions are favourable for companies looking to mop up funds through the IPO route.
BSE Managing Director and CEO Ashish Kumar Chauhan had recently said that as many 100 companies were expected to be listed on the exchange's SME platform by the year-end.
Currently, 70 companies are eligible for trading on the BSE SME platform and have an aggregate market capitalisation of a little over Rs 7,563 crore.
On the other hand, five firms are listed on the NSE.
According to the SME listing norms, a company would be eligible for listing if it has not completed 10 years after incorporation, and its revenue has not exceeded Rs 100 crore in any of the financial years. In addition, the company should have got an investment of at least Rs 50 lakh by an alternative investment fund, or a venture capital fund, or by a merchant banker, or an angel investor, or a specialised international multilateral agency, or a public financial institution, among other such investors. The data for September has been gathered through information available on the Sebi's website.
FEATURED ARTICLES

America s poorest cities (24/7 Wall St.)Tweet
Despite an ongoing economic recovery in the U.S., American households are still struggling. While last year the median household income rose to $52,250, Americans are still not as well off as they were just a few years earlier — in 2009, the median household income was $54,389.
Incomes in individual cities similarly reflected the same lack of growth that the nation experienced. Of America’s 372 metro areas, just 16 recorded a statistically significant increase in median household incomes between 2009 and 2013, while 115 recorded a meaningful decline. The distribution of incomes between cities, too, remained especially wide. The San Jose metro area is the nation’s richest, with a median household income of $91,533 in 2013, while Sebring, Florida is the nation’s poorest, with a median income of just $33,811 last year.
Click here to see the richest cities in America
While income levels and poverty rates do not always move in lockstep, they tend to be closely related. In fact, the Census Bureau measures poverty status by determining an income threshold for a household, depending on the age of the householders, family size, and number of children. As a result, poverty levels tend to be higher in places with exceptionally low incomes. Notably, the poverty rate in all 10 of the poorest metro areas exceeded the national rate of 15.8% in 2013. More than 34% of people in the McAllen, Texas metro area lived in poverty last year, the highest rate nationwide.
High-paying jobs are often concentrated in just a few industries, and the nation’s richest cities typically have very high concentrations of jobs in these fields. Professional services like the sciences and management positions, for example, accounted for 11.1% of America’s workforce. In most the wealthiest metro areas, however, far more regional workers were employed in these professions.
Not only do Americans living in poverty often lack such high-paying jobs, but they also suffer from additional problems that are compounded by poverty. In an interview with 24/7 Wall St., Beth Mattingly, researcher with the Stanford Center at Poverty and Inequality, said that “It’s not just having less money. Life is harder when you’re poor.” Mattingly, who also serves as the director of research on vulnerable families at the Carsey School of Public Policy at the University of New Hampshire, added that poverty “introduces barriers.” For example, Mattingly noted that the working poor often lack sick leave, or could lose their jobs if they take time off.
Further, low income areas tended to have smaller shares of residents that had earned at least a bachelor’s degree. Last year, 29.6% of Americans aged 25 and older had completed at least a bachelor’s degree. In the richest cities, this percentage was frequently far higher. In one of the richest metro areas, Boulder, Colorado, more than 58% of residents 25 and over had a college degree, the highest rate in the nation. In seven of the 10 poorest metro areas, on the other hand, fewer than 20% of adults had a bachelor’s degree.
Holding down a job can also play a major role in promoting high incomes because most Americans derive the majority of their income from their jobs. In a 2013 working paper for the National Bureau of Economic Research, authors Jeff Larrimore, Richard V. Burkhauser, and Philip Armour concluded that most of the decline in American post-tax incomes during the Great Recession was driven by a decline in employment.
Notably, nine of the 10 richest cities had unemployment rates below the national rate of 7.4% in 2013. On the other hand, in many of the nation’s poorest cities, the unemployment rates were quite high. Most of the poorest cities had unemployment rates above the national rate in 2013, and three of these metro areas had unemployment rates at or above 10% last year.
Mattingly also pointed to jobs as the predominant problem for most impoverished families. “There are certainly systemic issues in poor communities, but what I hear most often is a lack of jobs,” Mattingly said. “Good jobs that pay the bills, that pay a living wage, are harder and harder to come by.”
Based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau’s 2013 American Community Survey (ACS), 24/7 Wall St. identified the U.S. metropolitan statistical areas (MSAs) with the lowest median household incomes. Median income data for all previous years is adjusted for inflation. We also reviewed figures on poverty, home values, and income inequality from the Census Bureau’s ACS, as well as annual average unemployment rates from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Figures on gross domestic product for metro areas, called gross metropolitan product (GMP), are for 2013 and are from IHS Global Insight.
These are America’s poorest cities.

IndiGo agrees record 250 Airbus jet orderIndiGo agrees record 250 Airbus jet order
Opaque company filings provide fertile ground for aggressive SEBIOpaque company filings provide fertile ground for aggressive SEBI
Khaitan did not join trial in Italy  ED tells courtkhaitan did not join trial in italy  ed tells court
Haryana sees healthy voter turnout (Fourth Lead)Haryana sees healthy voter turnout (Fourth Lead)
MediaTek: India largest market on mobile after Chinamediatek: india largest market on mobile after china
Earthport enables Banco do Brasil Americas to offer students pre-paid cards for international bank transfersEarthport enables Banco do Brasil Americas to offer students pre-paid cards for international bank transfers
For a taste of JunoonUpdated: October 14, 2014 18:07 IST
For a taste of Junoon
MADHULIKA GAUTAMA
Special arrangement SAVOURING ADVENTURE Vikas Khanna
Special arrangement Vikas Khanna
food and dining (general)
Chef Vikas Khanna reinvents Indian sweets — Mysore Pak made into steamed dumplings with mango sauce and paneer jalebi cupcakes among others for the fourth season of his television show
Chef Vikas Khanna’s tryst with food took him to the United States and consecutively all over the world. From a young student at Manipal University in 1991 – who was disappointed to learn that no Indian Chef had earned an Michelin star, to rubbing shoulders with the Obamas and being good friends with Gordon Ramsay, Vikas went on to become a restaurateur, cookbook writer, filmmaker, humanitarian, TV show host and India’s only Michelin starred chef.
Vikas’ restaurant in New York, Junoon, bagged its fourth Michelin star earlier this month. His newest cookbook Amritsar, Flavours of the Golden City was launched last month and kept the chef busy with promotions across Punjab, Delhi and Mumbai. And, lest we think we’ve seen or heard the last of him, the chef is poised to return to Indian television with the fourth season of Twist of Taste. The show premiering this week on Fox Life will see the award-winning chef re-invent Indian sweets and the menu includes mouth-watering twists such as Mysore Pak made into steamed dumplings with mango sauce, paneer jalebi elevated to cupcakes, shahi tukda into reimagined cannoli and ghewar redefined into tartlets.
“It’s very interesting to return with the show during the festival season. In India celebrations are all about “meetha khilana” and it seemed like perfect timing for the new season that is all about rustling up Indian sweets with a twist,” says Vikas, in-between promotions for his new book.
Vikas, who grew up in Amritsar, fell in love with cooking because of his grandmother, whom he fondly calls Biji. “The book is a tribute to the training-love-peace I went through in my city,” he says. Vikas started experimenting with recipes and turned entrepreneur at a very young age. He started Lawrence Gardens Banquets to cater to weddings and family functions when he was 17. “Amritsar has truly been the defining force in my career.”
At the heart of his cooking also is the langar or community kitchen where Vikas spent much of his time growing up. His documentary series Holy Kitchens and other notable works have looked at langars closely and presented the concept of seva at community kitchens to global audiences. “We all find our force in something,” he says. “For some it could be cars, bank balances or big houses. For me it is the langar. It works well for my gravity.”
Vikram’s foray into television wasn’t planned. The chef counts Gordon Ramsay as one of his mentors and the reason for him being on TV. “In 2006, I got a call from Chef Gordon Ramsay’s team to be on Kitchen Nightmares. I did a small appearance and entered the new world of television. I remember the first time I met him at London Hotel in New York. He took me to his kitchen and we cooked together. I was scared in the beginning and then later could see why he was one of the most prominent chefs in the world. He had truly perfected his art,” says Vikas.
In the fourth season of Twist of Taste, Vikas will be travelling across Delhi, Jaipur, Kolkata, Amristar, Mysore, to experience traditional desserts and festive sweets, uncovering what inspired their creation by exploring the history and culture of the city. Taking inspiration from the dish and its core ingredients, Vikas will then return to his kitchen to prepare the dish with a twist.
At Junoon too, the menu includes re-invented Indian dishes. “I feel like I have had to slow down my imagination to not get carried away with re-inventing Indian food. I aim to retain elements of relatability to the original dish, while presenting it in an unseen avatar. For example, the humble motichur laddu has been reinvented to become a motichur soufflé at my restaurant.”
The word Junoon means passion and the restaurant is the Indian chef’s commitment to serve the best of Indian culture and food in modern interpretations. “I think Indian food is catching up like crazy in the west and I am super proud to be part of this wave,” he says.
Seeming to have done it all, one would not be wrong to assume that there is very little left on his platter that doesn’t taste like success. “I’ve realised my dream of selling one of the most expensive meals in the world and now I’m writing the world’s most expensive cookbook,” he says joyfully. As for opening a restaurant in India, Chef Vikas Khanna replies mysteriously, “If destiny so desires, so it shall be.”
Twist of Taste- Sweet Life airs every Monday and Tuesday at 9.30 pm on Fox Life

Judgment in Vodafone case will help NokiaUpdated: October 14, 2014 23:59 IST
‘Judgment in Vodafone case will help Nokia’
PTI
President Pranab Mukherjee with Mayor of Oslo Fabian Stang.— PHOTO: PTI
TOPICS
business (general)
Allaying investors’ fear, President Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday said the Bombay High Court verdict in the Vodafone taxation case, if prevailed, would help Finnish phone manufacturer Nokia as also 26 others.
In his interview to Finnish media ahead of his departure to Helsinki, Mr. Mukherjee here said the concept of the Indian Tax Department was that a transfer of share was a transfer of income and, therefore, when the question of income transfer came, it would be subject to taxation because like most countries, in India, income was taxed.
The issue of transfer pricing — transaction prices between separate entities of large firms — has generated much heat in India involving MNCs operating here such as Vodafone, Shell, WNS and Nokia.
Absence of safe harbour rules with regard to capital transactions between group companies have led to a lot of transfer pricing disputes and there has been demand from the industry for more clarity in this regard.
“But now, the judiciary has given an interpretation. They have accepted the contention of the industry that transfer of shares is a transfer of capital and not income. So, if this judgment prevails, of course, the government is free to go to the superior court, that is, the Supreme Court, but whatever the Supreme Court says will be final,” Mr. Mukherjee said.
The Bombay High Court last week ruled that Vodafone is not liable to pay an income tax demand of Rs.3,200 crore in a case relating to transfer pricing. The order in favour of Vodafone is being considered significant because some domestic companies too are involved in similar transfer pricing cases.
The President said India was providing a ‘stable tax regime’ but tax disputes were nothing new in India as was the case in any democratic country in the world.
When asked about Nokia, he said ultimately, the final decision was through arbitration by the independent judiciary and everybody accepted that.
“I think if this judgement prevails then definitely around 26 companies — multinational companies and big Indian companies — are going to be benefited by this judgment, including Nokia,” he said.
“Thirty years ago, contribution of international trade to our GDP was insignificant. But today, international trade accounts for more than 30 per cent of our GDP. Of course, it is broadly calculated in the service sector. And, this is the outcome of the policy changes which have taken place,” he said.

Sebi to refer DLF lapses to ministry  I-T departmentSebi to refer DLF lapses to ministry, I-T department
Jayshree P Upadhyay | Mumbai Oct 15, 2014 12:58 AM IST
In what could spell more trouble for DLF, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is planning to write to other regulatory bodies about the lapses at the real estate firm.
According to sources familiar with the development, Sebi has decided to make references to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and the Department of Revenue, citing violations of the Acts these bodies govern. The market regulator came across these violations while investigating the DLF case between December 2012 and May 2013.
In its 43 page-order that barred DLF from accessing the capital market, Sebi had on Monday observed that there were probable violations of the Companies Act by the company. "For non-disclosures, mis-statements, untrue statements in the RHP (red-herring prospectus), the Companies Act also recognises civil and criminal liability of persons authorising the issuance. Thus... the legislative and regulatory scheme in this regard is clear and the consequences for wrong disclosures, or engaging in fraudulent activities in the IPO (initial public offering) processes, even if noticed or revealed after the issuance of RHP/prospectus, as provided in the Sebi Act and the Companies Act would follow," Sebi Whole-time Member Rajeev Agarwal said in the order.
DIFFICULT PATH
Non-disclosure: DLF failed to make disclosure about three companies that Sebi findings indicate were the company’s subsidiaries
Violation: Failure to make disclosures violates provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, and fair price valuation norms of the I-T Act
When contacted, a DLF spokesperson said: "The Sebi order does not make references to violations of the Companies Act or Income-Tax Act, plus there is no mention of misrepresentation of information. So we would not offer any further comments."
An email sent to Sebi seeking its comments did not elicit any response. However, the regulator is of the view that the violations at DLF are not merely disclosure-related. "Sebi's findings point to violations of not just the Sebi Act but certain provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. These include misrepresentation of facts that might concern the corporate affairs ministry," said a person privy to the development.
Sebi's references to MCA and the I-T department could include violating the fair price valuation norms in the I-T Act.
On Monday, Sebi barred DLF, its promoters and other related entities, from accessing the capital market for three years for "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its Rs 9,000-crore IPO in 2007.
Sebi's probe had revealed DLF used wives of key management personnel to buy shares of subsidiaries. In a showcause notice to DLF, dated June 2013, Sebi had noted that three real estate firms, Sudipti Builders, Felicite and Shalika, were at the heart of the controversy.
And even after divesting stake in these companies, DLF continued to retain control in those, one of which was accused of fraud.
Vaneesa Abhishek, a legal expert, said the DLF case could be referred to the Serious Fraud Investigation Office of the corporate affairs ministry for non-disclosure of related-party transactions.
"The role of the merchant banker and the law firm issuing due-diligence certificate on the prospectus should also be questioned by the regulatory authorities," she said.
Some legal experts, who have analysed the Sebi order, said DLF could have violated certain clauses in the Companies Act.
Some of the provisions that were violated include Section 297, which relates to getting into a contract with related entities without the consent of the board.
DLF loses Rs 7.5k cr in market value as shares tank 28%
Shares of DLF, India's largest real estate developer, on Tuesday plunged nearly 30 per cent to hit a life-time low, wiping out nearly Rs 7,500 crore (a fourth of total) of its market value. The stock tanked 29.99 per cent to hit an all-time low of Rs 102.70 before recovering a little to close at Rs 104.95 on BSE. On the National Stock Exchange, the DLF shares fell 27.98 per cent to close at Rs 105.8.

Meltdown upside: 5% dividend yields returnEMAIL
Ricardo Liberato, Flickr
A torched market has a often-forgotten benefit: Rising dividend yields. With stock prices burning below their highs, investors can score some tasty yields.
There are now 13 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 that are yielding 5% or more, including energy firm Transocean (RIG) , insurer Progressive (PGR) and toymaker Mattel (MAT) , according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. A 5% dividend yield looks especially attractive now — that the yield on the 2-year Treasury has dropped to 0.38%.
Income is getting increasingly hard to find in the bond market as investors rush to safety, buy bonds and push yields down. But investors find just the opposite with stocks. When investor dump their stocks, they drive the dividend yields up.
These 13 stocks — the highest yielders in the S&P 500 — are now yielding an average of 7.1%. And a big reason for that is the average 8.2% decline of those stocks this year. Dividend yields rise when stock prices fall — all things held equal.
Oil driller Transocean is a case in point. Shares of the company are down 40%. That’s the bad news. But here’s the good: The stock is now yielding 10.4%. Not bad.
Shares of toymaker Mattel have gotten cranked to such a degree this year, falling 35%, the stock is now among the highest-yielding in the S&P 500 at 5%.
Certainty, it’s important to note that dividends are not financial obligations by companies. Companies can — and do — cut or eliminate their dividends especially if they get too high relative to cash flow. But in the meantime, enjoy the dividend checks.
S&P 500 COMPANIES WITH HIGHEST CURRENT DIVIDEND YIELDS
Company

Oil prices tumble 4% on demand outlookCrude oil tanks again, drowning oil producer stocks
By: Gary Strauss October 14, 2014 5:05 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
AFP/Getty
Another slump in crude oil prices pummeled the energy sector Tuesday.
Benchmark West Texas sank 4% to $82.32 a barrel – a 28-month low – while Brent Intermediate lost 3.4% to $85.12, a fresh four-year low. The slide came after the International Energy Agency cut its outlook for oil demand growth by more than 20% while reporting that September oil production had jumped.
“It’s really a perfect storm or negativity,” says Nasdaq energy analyst Tamar Essner. “There’s a lot of data that’s really bearish – the strengthening dollar and the sense that Saudi Arabia is not going to cut production to support prices. It seems like the market is trending lower from here. It doesn’t seem like were bottoming.”
Before Tuesday’s selling spree, oil futures had already fallen more than 20% from mid-June 2014 peaks, due to surging production in North Americ and price-cutting by key exporters Iraq, Iran and Saudi Arabia.
The carnage in crude spilled over to wholesale gasoline prices, which dropped  7 cents to $2.18 a gallon. That’s likely to continue putting pressure on retail prices, now averaging $3.18 a gallon. Price tracker gasbuddy.com says pump prices could drop another 20 cents or more by early November.
While consumers may have more money in their pockets, slide energy costs mean less profits for energy producers stocks. Drillers, suppliers and other energy producers experienced a fresh round of selling Tuesday.
Among the losers:
Chesapeake Energy CHK , down 6% Monday, fell 2% to $17.49.   ConocoPhillips COP  fell 3% to $66.20. Midstates Petroleum MPO sank 27% to $2.35. Hercules Offshore HERO dropped 16% to $1.47 and Hess, HES down 6% Monday, lost another 2.4% to $75.91. But Goodrich Petroleum, GDP   down 29% Monday, recovered 6% to $8.10.
Follow stocks on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

Mamata takes Bengal to the edge with votebank politicsprint
By an order dated April 19, 2012, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee started riding a tiger.
In this order, 11 months after she had stormed to power ending 34 years of Left rule, the state’s department of minority affairs and madrassa education released guidelines for a Rs. 2,500-a-month honorarium to imams and Rs. 1,000 a month for muezzins.
Not a small amount in a Bengal village. The state’s per capita monthly income was around Rs. 4,500, rural incomes still lower.
Among those howling in protest were even ordinary Muslims. What had an imam done to deserve a state salary to top earnings from Waqf, masjid funds, Quran recitation, prayers, traditional medicine? Didi’s government went ahead with it, till the Calcutta high court struck down the ‘imam bhata’ in September 2013.
In 2012, a proposal to build a hospital exclusively for Muslims at Bhangar in South 24 Parganas was floated, but the government did not proceed following sharp criticism.
But by then, Mamata had lodged herself firmly on the tiger’s back. From announcing separate engineering exams for minorities and a Rs. 500-crore plan for upkeep of mosques and clerics’ dole to allowing a massive rally in Kolkata in support of the mastermind of 1971 Bangladesh genocide, she rode on.
In Bengal, the minority votebank is especially attractive. The Muslim population is 26%, almost double the national average. Latest Census data shows a 5-7% increase in just 10 years in districts of Assam and West Bengal bordering Bangladesh.
Migration from Bangladesh has traditionally been for livelihood. But lately the concern has been about radical elements chased away by the Sheikh Hasina government finding protection in Trinamool Congress-ruled Bengal for votes and muscle power.
This creates ripe ground for the BJP and RSS –– on a remarkable rise in the state –– who complain about open cow slaughter being used as a tool to intimidate and drive back Hindus, cow smuggling and rising crime by Bangladeshis. All this while “Mumtaz Begum” looks the other way, they say.
The year 2013 started with Syed Noor-ul-Rehman Barkati, the shahi imam of the Tipu Sultan mosque, bragging that he stopped writer Salman Rushdie’s entry into the cultured, literary Kolkata of our memory by a mere phone call to the CM.
The year ended with the Kolkata police reportedly stalling indefinitely a TV serial, Dusahobas, scripted by Taslima Nasreen after Muslims groups complained that it would hurt religious sentiments.
While all this was happening, NGOs Snap and Guidance Guild came out with a report mid-2013 on the ‘Status of Muslims in West Bengal’. More than 200 people surveyed around a lakh households.
As Didi bowed in sajda from thousands of billboards and posters across the state, the report said nearly 65% of Muslims households in the state were engaged in “petty, low-income and precarious livelihoods”. In 51% households, no member had studied past primary school, and 17% households did not have a single literate adult. The Sachar report in 2005 had similar things to say about the state Muslims under the Left rule, leaving the Reds red in the ears.
But if the Trinamool Congress (TMC) government was being accused of “minority appeasement” so far, lately it has started facing charges a lot more portentous.
The CBI is probing the angle that money from the Saradha scam was diverted to Bangladeshi Jamaat jihadis fighting against the moderate and friendly Sheikh Hasina government. It is also investigating links of TMC MPs and other leaders with extremist outfits.
And then a bomb goes off in Burdwan district this month, in a house owned by a local TMC leader, killing two who the NIA suspect were making bombs for jihad in Bangladesh.
Read: NIA files FIR, CID confirms Bangladesh angle
Even on this, the local police are accused of delaying and destroying evidence.
If these allegations are true, things have gone much beyond appeasement, to compromising national security. Bangladesh can even accuse an Indian state of sponsoring terror on its territory.
The tiger has broken into a run. It will now be daunting for Didi to keep hanging on to it, and fatal to get down.

In Pics: Killer Indonesian volcano erupts after 400 yearsprint
Indonesia Mount Sinabung has erupted four times in the past two weeks. It has not only claimed over 50 lives, but engulfed the island of Sumatra in billowing smoke and incandascent lava.
Mount Sinabaug has lay dormant for 400 years when sporadic eruptions began in 2010. It is now among more than 120 active volcanoes in Indonesia, which is prone to seismic upheaval due to its location on the "Pacific Ring of Fire".
Here are some photos which display the terrifying scenes in Sumatra.
 
In this photo made with a slow shutter speed, Mount Sinabung spews hot lava and volcanic ash as seen from Jeraya, North Sumatra. (AP Photo/Binsar Bakkara)
 
A motorist stops to watch as Mount Sinabung erupts in Tiga Pancur, North Sumatra. (AP Photo/Binsar Bakkara)
This long exposure photograph taken before dawn shows sparks of lightning, scorching lava flow and giant ash clouds released from the crater during the eruption of Mount Sinabung volcano as seen from Karo district located in Sumatra island. (AFP Photo/Sutanta Aditya)
Lightning caused by volcanic materials containing electric charges that collide into each other. (AP Photo/Binsar Bakkara)
A woman wearing a facemask, as protection from volcanic ash, harvests ash covered chillies and tomatoes at a village in Karo. (AFP Photo/ Sutanta Aditya)
Indonesian authorities said pyroclastics flow reached 4.5 kilometers down the slope threatening populated villages whlie ash clouds reached three kilometers to the sky during it latest series of eruption. (AP Photo/Binsar Bakkara)
Motorists pass by as Mount Sinabung erupts in Tiga Kicat, North Sumatra. (AP Photo/Binsar Bakkara)
An Indonesian soldier looks at giant ash clouds during the eruption. (AFP Photo)
Scorching lava flow and giant ash clouds released from the crater during the eruption. (AFP Photo/ Sutanta Aditya)
In February this year, an eruption claimed 16 lives and forced hundreds of others to flee. (AFP Photo/ Sutanta Aditya)
Giant ash clouds released from the crater during the eruption of Mount Sinabung volcano as seen from Karo district. (AFP Photo/ Sutanta Aditya)
A resident of Karo district uses a lawnmower to remove ash from his vegetable fields in North Sumatra. (AFP Photo/Sutanta Aditya)
Mount Sinabung eruption, as seen from Tiga Pancur village, Karo Regency in Indonesia's North Sumatra province.(Reuters Photo/YT Haryono)
 

Oil price crash of 2008 and now; a tale of two slumps: top factors that would impact crude(While decline in demand…)
By Tarun Dang
Brent crude is off its 2014 highs by about 19 per cent and there are reasons to believe that it will see lower levels in the months and years to come. Already, comparisons with the bubble bursting oil price crash of 2008 are being drawn, which saw oil plummet from its highs of $146 to $35 within a span of 6 months.
While decline in demand was the key driver for the 2008 crash, the sharp drop in prices this time around are being caused by a supply glut . Continued growth in US shale production and increase in non-OPEC countries oil exports have led to excess capacity.
The middle-east region has been a hot bed of military activity on an ongoing basis. The impact of this increased US oil production is quite immense, that unlike in the past, geopolitical tensions have been unable to push oil prices higher.
Our technical analysis based on wave theory further confirms our view that commodities are now in a structural bear market that will last some years to come. Silver in 2011, gold in 2013 and now oil in 2014, all seem to have signaled their long term (multi-year) tops.
One has to compare the crude oil and Dollar index chart alongside to see the strong inverse correlation that they have. The Dollar index has been rallying sharper since June 2014.
In the short to medium term, bounce back or further decline in oil prices will be largely dependent on the following scenarios:
- What will be OPEC's response to falling prices? Would it cut production to support prices? While OPEC might consider and even decide to cut production in its upcoming meeting, sustaining it for a longer period of time will remain an issue. Most of the oil exporting nations are dependent on oil money to maintain their economies.
- Libya's oil ramp up in the recent past has been impressive. However, the escalating civil war might impact production yet again.
- Below a certain price level the shale extraction in the US may become very expensive and force a pullback in production.
Global demand and supply aside, this dip in oil prices is a welcome relief for the Indian economy and the new NDA government, which inherited a crippled state of affairs from the UPA. A stable Rupee and this decline in prices will help reign in the import bill which has oil as the largest component.
CPI and WPI have fallen due to weaker commodity prices and lagged monetary policy impact. A sustained trending down in these 2 will open up headroom for RBI governor Rajan to look at options for interest rate cuts.
(The author is Managing Partner, Trend-Wise Capital Management. Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analyst's own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned. Twitter: @iTarunDang)
FEATURED ARTICLES

More reasons to kick the butt! Now  graphic warning to cover 85% of tobacco packagesMore reasons to kick the butt! Now, graphic warning to cover 85% of tobacco packages
Sanchita Sharma , Hindustan Times  Moscow, October 15, 2014
First Published: 14:45 IST(15/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:08 IST(15/10/2014)
India has made it mandatory for graphic health warnings to cover 85% of tobacco packages on both sides beginning April 1, 2015.
The global tobacco epidemic kills nearly six million people each year. (Agency photo)
The new warnings- with pictures of mouth and throat cancers- will cover all tobacco packages, including imported cigarettes and chewing tobacco. The picture will cover 60% of the package, and the text warning will be 25%.
The warning will be English and/or the language the brand is sold under. The notification has been issued today.
Also read: Smoking rates fall among Indian men, rise for women
Currently, India has among the weakest warnings in the world, with the caution occupying only 40% of the surface on one side of the package, covering a mere 20% of the entire packet.
"India issued a notification today making it mandatory for tobacco companies to cover 85% space on tobacco packages with pictoral warnings and pictures," announced Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan on Wednesday.
"Tobacco use only means death. I have seen this closely, the health effects of tobacco as ENT surgeon," he said.
Also read: Raise tobacco taxes to lower use: WHO
More than a million people die due to tobacco each year, estimates the Indian Council of Medical Research.
The new 85% coverage ties India at first place with Thailand in the international ranking of 198 countries listed according to the size of their health warnings. Australia's warnings are 82.5% (75% front, 90% back), Uruguay 85% and Nepal and Canada 75%.
"This announcement puts India at the top, with Tails d. Graphic warnings are an outstanding measure to reduce tobacco use without any extra cost to governments," said Dr Rob Cunningham, author of the Canadian Cancer Society's Cigarette Package Health Warnings: International Status Report released in Moscow on Tuesday. Before the announcement, India ranked 136th, with several countries implementing stronger warnings.
Also read: Tobacco kills half its users: Tips on quitting smoking
"Studies around the world show that large, graphic warnings are most effective at informing consumers about the health risks of smoking," said Vandana Shah, director, South Asia Programs, Campaign for Tobacco Free Kids.
Tobacco kills up to half of its users, killing nearly 6 million people- one death every 6 seconds- globally each year. Unchecked, tobacco-related deaths from cancers, heart disease, lung diseases and stroke, among others, is expected to increase to over 8 million annually by 2030, 1.5 million of them in Indi Despite bans on advertising, sale to minors and smoking in public places, more than one in three adults use some form of tobacco in  India.
"Tobacco companies will sue, they always do, but India will win," says Prof Prakrit Vathesatogkit, advisor to the ministry of health, Thailand.

After Aamir Khan s transistor dress for PK  Anushka Sharma to wear one tooAfter Aamir Khan's transistor dress for PK, Anushka Sharma to wear one too
Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 15, 2014
First Published: 14:58 IST(15/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:04 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
After Aamir Khan's scandalous 'transistor look' for Rajkumar Hirani's forthcoming film PK, watch out for Anushka Sharma's version of the same. 
Anushka's announcement on the film's producers UTV Motion Pictures' YouTube channel that she is going to "wear the transistor" now for the film and go one up on Aamir, has already set tongues wagging in anticipation.
Also read: Ten reasons why everyone is focussing on Aamir Khan's PK poster
The producers have promised to reveal the pictures on October 16.  
Now, after Aamir Khan accepted Hrithik Roshan's Bang Bang Dare to 'shed' the transistor, Anushka's stunt is sure to get more eyeballs than the 'original piece of art' that the Khan perfected.   
Watch this space for more.
  
Aamir Khan and Sanjay Dutt in a still from Tharki Chokro song in PK.
Anushka Sharma dons the transistor for PK poster.
Aamir Khan, Anushka Sharma in PK poster.
Anushka Sharma in a still from PK
Aamir Khan and Sanjay Dutt in a poster of PK.
Aamir Khan dressed as a cop in PK's motion poster
 

Pop star Kesha sues producer Dr. Luke for sexual abusePop star Kesha sues producer Dr. Luke for sexual abuse
AFP  Los Angeles, October 15, 2014
First Published: 14:18 IST(15/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:54 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
American pop star Kesha on Tuesday sued her producer Dr. Luke for allegedly abusing her sexually and emotionally for years, while threatening to harm her career.
Famous for hits such as TiK ToK and We R who we R, Kesha, 27 -- who signed with his Kemosabe label at 18 -- charged the producer, real name Lukasz Gottwald, forced her to take drugs and drink alcohol so that he could abuse her sexually when she was under the influence, court documents show.
Also read: Kesha seeks treatment for eating disorder
The singer also said that she remembered waking up naked after Gottwald, 41, forced her to take some pills, but that she could not remember how she got where she awoke.
On another occasion, Luke allegedly physically attacked her at his house in Malibu by “violently thrashing his arms at her,” causing Kesha to flee barefoot into the mountains.
She also alleged that Gottwald's berating of her as overweight caused her bulimia. She has said publicly she went to rehabilitation for the eating disorder.
Kesha further alleged that her producer alienated her from her family when she moved to Los Angeles, and threatened to destroy her career if she reported these incidents.
Dr. Luke maintains that Kesha is sullying his name in an effort to cut short her contract. The producer's attorney, Christine Lepera, called the charges malicious lies.
Kesha's attorney, Mark Geragos, said she is seeking damages, and rejected the producer's counter-suit.
"This is just another pathetic and entirely predictable example of Dr. Luke's continued abuse, and a misguided attempt to keep Kesha under his tyrannical control," he argued.
"This lawsuit has absolutely no basis in fact, the law or reality. Kesha is focused on reclaiming her voice and her freedom. She is determined to move on with her life and her career by putting this dark period behind her."
US pop singer Kesha performs at the IHeartRadio Music Festival, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo)

MediaTek: India largest market on mobile aft...MediaTek says India its largest market on mobile after China
By Gulveen Aulakh , ET Bureau | 15 Oct, 2014, 04.01PM IST
 As the 4G ecosystem develops in India, the company expects affordable, dual-band LTE smartphones in the second half next year.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: MediaTek, the Taiwanese chipset maker, expects to ship about 350 million smartphone chipsets to vendors worldwide in 2014, with India one of the top five markets, a top executive said, adding that the company expects affordable 4G smartphones to be launched in the South Asian nation later next year.
"Very clearly, India is the largest market for MediaTek on mobile, outside of China," said Finbarr Moynihan, general manager for international corporate sales at the chipset maker, which has a 30% share globally and shipped 220 million smartphones chipsets till December 2013.
MediaTek ranks India as its largest market for 3G growth in smartphones and 2G feature phones. As the 4G ecosystem develops in India, the company expects affordable, dual-band LTE smartphones in the second half next year, by when Reliance Jio Infocomm is expected to have launched its high-speed wireless Internet services.
"We will certainly see entry-level LTE smartphones at affordable price points with reduced feature sets, display, camera quality, less memory, the usual by the second half of next year," Moynihan said.
LTE, or long-term evolution, is a technology that allows telecom companies to provide higher Internet speeds to consumers on their mobile phones. MediaTek, which competes with Qualcomm globally, on Monday launched its 4G LTE chipset compatible with both TDD and FDD modes, using 2300 MHz and 1800 MHz, respectively.
The company expects some manufacturers to launch devices using its new 4G LTE octa-core, multi-mode chipset by December, though on the premium end.
Moynihan added that India will benefit a lot from China, where the band and frequency structures are almost similar and sales of 4G LTE phones are only rising. This can drive economies of scale for India as carriers and handset makers move towards offering 4G smartphones in the mid- and low-price brackets, making the two countries the biggest markets for LTE growth for chipset makers, including Qualcomm and Intel.
"In terms of criticality, India will be the largest 3G market for us over the next two years as China progresses towards LTE," Moynihan said.
At present, Bharti Airtel and Aircel offer 4G services in select areas. Reliance Jio Infocomm, which has 4G airwaves countrywide, is widely speculated to launch low-priced yet high-speed data services on mobile phones that support LTE.
"We are in discussions with them. They will likely be the major drivers for LTE in India," Moynihan said when asked about partnering with Reliance Jio. "When they become mainstream, we hope to be a big part of their portfolio going forward," he added.
MediaTek will work with Reliance Jio to pre-certify its chipsets and modem solutions to meet network or frequency requirements, a practice the company follows with global carriers, more so in markets driven by them. This allows handset makers to create smartphones that will work on the service providers' frequencies and bands, including compatibility on both TDD and FDD LTE.
"We hope we can accomplish the appropriate testing, validation and certifications with Reliance and other carriers in India over the next couple of months or quarters. They (RJio) have some special requirements," he added, without elaborating.

India s IT spending to grow 10% in 2015: Gar...Gartner
(IT services is forecast…)
IT spending in India is expected to reach $73.3 billion in 2015, a 9.4% increase from the 2014 forecast, according to market research firm Gartner.
"India is forecast to be the third largest IT market within the Asia/Pacific region by the end of 2016 and will further progress to become the second largest market for IT by the end of 2018," said Peter Sondergaard, senior vice president at Gartner and global head of Research. "Much of the growth from being the number four market in Asia/Pacific to number three is likely to happen in 2015."
IT services will record the strongest revenue growth at 15.7% in 2015, as per Gartner. Software will grow at 14%. Devices will continue to account for the second largest part of the market with 33% share of revenue and will grow 12.6% in 2015. The telecommunication services segment will account for 39.3% of the Indian ICT market and it is set to grow at 4.2% revenue growth in 2015.
In 2014, mobile devices will grow 13.5%, and will dislodge mobile voice services to be the largest segment within the overall IT market in India. Mobile data services will be the fastest growing segment in India, growing 18.2% in 2014, Gartner said.
"The impact that the digital business economy is having on the IT industry is dramatic. Since 2013, the number of Chief Data Officers and Chief Digital Officer positions have doubled. In 2015, all of these things will double again," said Sondergaard.
Gartner defines digital business as new business designs that blend the virtual world and the physical worlds, changing how processes and industries work through the Internet of Things.
"This year enterprises will spend over $40 billion designing, implementing and operating the Internet of Things," Sondergaard said. "Every piece of equipment, anything of value, will have embedded sensors. This means leading asset-intensive enterprises will have over half a million IP addressable objects in 2020."
According to Gartner, digital businesses will impact jobs in different ways. By 2018, digital businesses will require 50% fewer business process workers. However, by 2018 digital business will drive a 500% boost in digital jobs. Hottest skills in digital business will be in mobile, user Experience and data sciences.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IndiGo  GoAir to operate more flights than o...You are here: Home > Collections > Flights
IndiGo, GoAir to operate more flights this winter than others
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 04.42PM IST
Tags:
Air India
(The move by most airlines…)
NEW DELHI: In contrast to all competitors, no-frill airlines IndiGo, which today placed the largest order for 250 Airbus A-320 planes, and GoAir would operate more flights this winter season, while the rest would slash their services.
Though the total number of flights to be operated by all airlines would rise to 12,305 from 11,886 last winter, all carriers, barring the two, have decided to reduce their services from the season starting later this month.
The move by most airlines to reduce their flights is a reflection of their losses as they plan to match their fleet capacity with passenger loads, so as to reduce the number of empty seats - a perishable commodity - flown. IndiGo and GoAir are the only two which have been claiming profits.
New airlines Air Costa and AirAsia India, which were not flying last year, would operate 210 and 180 flights this winter respectively, official data showed. Tata-SIA joint venture airline Vistara is yet to get its flying permit.
While IndiGo would operate 25 per cent more flights than last year, raising the number from 2,987 to 3,733 this year, GoAir would fly 957 flights this season as against 850 last year or 12.6 per cent more, according to the Winter Schedule filed by all airlines with aviation regulator DGCA.
No-frill airline SpiceJet would be the one to reduce the maximum number of flights -- from 2,718 last winter season to 2,277 this year, or by 16.2 per cent, the data showed.
Air India would lower the number of its flights by only 2.6 per cent from 1,721 last year to 1,676, while its subsidiary Alliance Air would reduce them from 244 to 210.
Jet Airways' flights would decline from 2,734 to 2,498 (by 8.6 per cent) and JetLite's from 632 to 564 (10.8 per cent), the data showed.
Due to foggy conditions in North India and Delhi particularly from the third week of December, DGCA has approved the schedules for small aircraft like turboprop ATRs, Bombardier's Q-400s and Canadair Regional Jets till December 14 and asked airlines flying these planes to file fresh schedules for operations from December 15, officials said.
DGCA has also directed all airlines to operate with CAT III-B compliant aircraft and trained flight crew to and from Delhi during the entire fog period, they said.
CAT-IIIB instrument landing system is a radio transmitter that provides direction for an approaching aircraft to land on a runway in thick fog, when visibility is just 150 feet.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dhaula Kuan: Survivors life back home far from easyComments
Four years back, on November 24, 2010, one incident had changed her entire life. Every day, the 34-year-old gang rape survivor tries hard to forget the incident but she can’t keep the haunting memories from coming back.
Hundreds of women from the Northeast continue to face abuse, molestation and violence on Delhi's streets every day. (Mohd Zakir/ HT File Photo)
Pretending as if nothing ever happened is the toughest part. Back in the Northeast, their neighbours and villagers know nothing about the gruesome incident.
“We have not told anyone about what happened to her when she was in Delhi. When she was going to the capital to work, many people had stopped me and asked me to dissuade her. But our financial condition was such that we did not have any other option,” the woman’s father told HT over the phone.
After separating from her husband, the onus of fending for her young son, aged parents and four siblings fell on the victim, forcing her to leave her young child back at home and move to an unknown, big city.
Friends from the community helped her find an accommodation in north Delhi in 2009. Soon after she got a job at a call centre in Gurgaon, she moved to a house in south Delhi near Dhaula Kuan.
“She had started warming up to the place. In fact she liked the open-mindedness of the people in that big city. She had made new friends and was planning to bring her son to Delhi,” said a relative.
But that one incident changed everything. She moved back home. But leaving everything behind wasn’t that easy.
Read: All 5 held guilty in Delhi's Dhaula Kuan rape case
The rape survivor’s father said that unknown people would call her incessantly, initially offering her money to withdraw the case. These calls would later turn into threats.
“Though we were tempted to withdraw the case, the activists and lawyers persuaded us to stick around not just for her sake but for the hundreds of migrant women who face abuse here every day,” the relative added.
Sources from the police said that she went back months after the case proceedings commenced.
Tuesday’s verdict may have relieved the woman and her family, but hundreds of women from the Northeast continue to wage a battle against abuse, molestation and violence every day.
“The verdict will definitely relieve the victim’s family, but we want more than just punishment for these five men. We want the city to be safe for women like us,” said Melody AS, an activist.

Asia Pacific Market: Stocks rise on bargain buyingasia pacific market: stocks rise on bargain buying
Top 10 stocks which would be in focus in tomorrow s tradeTen stocks in focus in Thursday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 15, 2014, 05.25PM IST
Tags:
focus
(For Nifty the level of 7830…)
NEW DELHI: After a flat close in the previous session, BSE Sensex is expected to trade in a range on Thursday amid volatility.
Technically speaking, for Nifty the level of 7830 - 7800 is now an immediate term support for the index whereas it face a stiff resistance around 7925 and beyond that at 7975.
"Excessive intraday volatility is key concern now as the day traders are losing in both the directions. We believe this volatility will continue in days to come due to earning season," says Jayant Manglik, President-Retail Distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"Hence, traders should keep a check on position size and maintain hedge in leveraged positions. Broadly, our negative view on Nifty index is still intact," he added.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
IOC, BPCL, HPCL: State-owned oil marketing companies will be in focus after they slashed petrol prices by Rs 1.20 per litre in Delhi, bringing the fuel to lowest level in 16 months and helping Indian consumers gain from the steep fall in global crude oil.
TCS: The IT major is expected to lead the pack in terms of revenue growth and in bottom line growth. Analysts expect TCS to report a 5.4 per cent QoQ rise in net profit to Rs 5330 crore, aided mainly by higher margins.
Bajaj Auto Ltd: Bajaj Auto reported a 29.41 per cent decline in net profit at Rs 590.9 crore for the three months ended September, hit by a one-time expense of Rs 340.29 crore related to Pantnagar plant in Uttarakhand.
Future Retail Ltd: Kishore Biyani-promoted Future Retail has received market regulator Sebi's approval to raise up to Rs 1,600 crore through rights issue.
Sun Pharma & Ranbaxy: Ranbaxy Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries are likely to be advised to sell parts of their businesses before the Competition Commission of India (CCI) approves their merger, said media reports.
Tata Motors Ltd: Tata Motors today said it has received another order to supply 928 Tata Marcopolo built buses to the State Transport Authorities in South India.
IOC: Indian Oil Corporation will invest $4 billion in the British Columbia province, Canada, to source liquefied natural gas from the region. IOC, in May, signed a deal to buy 10 per cent stake in shale-gas assets and a linked liquefied natural gas (LNG) project in British Columbia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: Maharashtra voters make last-hour dash  decent turnout in HaryanaAfter remaining sluggish for the most part of the day, voting gathered pace in Maharashtra in the afternoon, with the polling percentage crossing 63.4% by 6pm.
Women in Daultabad cast their votes. (HT Photo)
Voters in Mumbai came out to exercise their right in the afternoon taking the polling percentage in the capital to 48% till 5pm, according to reports.
Polling started on a brisk note, slowed down around noon but again picked up, officials said.
Haryana, on the other hand, registered an record-breaking turnout figure, with the polling percentage reaching all-time high of 75.9. 
In 1967, maximum polling of 72.65% had taken place in Haryana, while in 1968, minimum polling of 57.26% was registered. In the 2009 elections, 72.37% polling was recorded.
The state had a very slow start in the morning especially in the urban areas. Stray incidents of violence marked the assembly polls in Haryana leaving 32 persons including 10 policemen injured.
While longer queues were seen in rural areas in Maharashtra , the low turnout in urban areas , especially in the rural areas prompted political leaders and celebrities to appeal to people to come out and vote.
Report of stray violence came from as a group of Maoists opened fire on a polling party at Maskipalli in Chamorshi tehsil in Gadchiroli district. "The policemen posted at the polling centre promptly returned the fire and the encounter is still going on," Gadchiroli police PRO said. Further details are awaited.
Cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, and film actors Salman Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Rekha and Bomman Irani came out to vote in the morning, and urged Mumbai's citizens to come out in larger numbers.
"Go vote, " tweeted Salman Khan, adding that people who were enjoying a picnic without going to vote would be the ones who would complain the most later on. 
Among the political leaders in Maharashtra who have voted so far are Sharad Pawar, and Ajit Pawar from the NCP, Devendra Fadnavis from the BJP, former home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and MNS chief Raj Thackeray.
"I am confident that people will choose Congress this time also for the work done in last 15 years," Prithviraj Chavan said after casting his vote in Karad.
 
"There has been a change in the government at the Centre, major alliances have ended, and all political parties are taking their chances in this poll," he said.
The high turnout for the assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra indicates "polling against Congress misrule", BJP said as it claimed that it would form the government in the two states after winning a decisive mandate from the voters.
 
"We claim that these polling trends are in favour of BJP and we will form governments with absolute majority in both Maharashtra and Haryana.
 
"This heavy polling is against the Congress misrule and corruption and in favour of BJP's good governance and development and credible leadership," BJP general secretary JP Nadda told reporters in Delhi.
Earlier in the day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi  tweeted,  urging voters in both states to come out and vote. "Youngsters should show the way and ensure a  high voter turnout.
The polls are a major test as much of Modi’s personal charisma as his party’s strategy to abandon long-standing allies in search of political majority in two key states.
Just ahead of the elections, the BJP snapped its 25-year old alliance with the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and parted ways with Kuldeep Bishnoi's Haryana Janhit Congress in Haryana.
A victory will not only reaffirm Modi’s appeal with voters but also silence detractors of his new party leadership, which was blamed for a string of defeats in assembly by-elections that tempered the euphoria of his Lok Sabha triumph.

India Inc welcomes IndiGo s new aircraft orderIndia Inc welcomes IndiGo s new aircraft order
Govt oil subsidy bill to be cut by over 60 pc in FY15Govt oil subsidy bill to be cut by over 60 pc in FY15
Politicos exude confidence  cast their votes in HaryanaPoliticos exude confidence  cast their votes in Haryana
Embrace your skin colour. Not.Dusky Bollywood Divas Who Went For Skin Lightening Treatment
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Tue 14 Oct, 2014 6:51 PM IST
Share 0
While the Europeans spend an insane amount of time and money in going for fake tan to achieve a dusky-dark look, we Indians cannot get over our age-long lust to get fairer. All we can say is, “The skin is always fairer on the other side.” Haven't we all heard of the matrimonial ads that talk about "looking for a fair, homely girl"? Fair skin, no doubt, is an obsession that Indians hold close to their hearts. This is especially true when you see our Bollywood actresses, who are ready to go to any length to get a fairer-looking skin.
If you don’t believe us, then we have compiled a list of B-town divas who have undergone the skin lightening treatment (even the ones you didn’t expect). Take a look, and you will see a substantially visible proof to justify why they are on our list.
Recommended Read: Why Indian Men Want Fair Skin Brides
Kajol
Kajol has always been known for being a bold Bong beauty, who carried off her dusky complexion with attitude and ease. But, so we thought, as she decided to get rid of her dusky look, and tag. She underwent skin melanin surgery which lowers the concentration of melanin on skin with the help of chemical compounds.
The results are so clearly visible that there are no doubts in the media's speculations about it, everyone is pretty sure of it.
Don't Miss: 9 Happily Unmarried Bollywood Divas Who are Above 30
Priyanka Chopra
Among the many surgeries and treatments she has undergone, skin lightening treatment is one of them. Compare her recent images to those of her Miss World days, and it is clear that she is a fairer reflection of her former self.
It is rumoured that she underwent the treatment sometime in the past four years.
Recommended Read: Bollywood Celebrity Lip Jobs that Failed to Impress
Shilpa Shetty
She has been in the limelight for quite some time in spite of remaining aloof from acting. Recently, rumours surround her of having undergone skin lightening treatment, but she has dismissed them casually, calling it her pregnancy glow.
Well, we never really knew that pregnancy glow can change your skin colour this extent (and permanently), or can it?
Recommended Read: 10 Natural Ways to Get Fairer Underarms
Bipasha Basu
Named the confident ‘Dusky Beauty’ of Bollywood, she was voted one of the sexiest woman in Asia for the year 2005 and 2007. She was always quoted as saying “I am dark-skinned and am proud of it”. However, hypocrisy slipped out of her nature forced by pity taunts and hurtful comments, and she finally gave in.
Sometime in the recent past the actress decided to undergo skin bleaching, and a source close to her confirms of media speculations surrounding her.
Recommended Read: Expert Tips to Get Fair and Glowing Skin
Sridevi
If you thought it is only the younger lot that is moving towards this skin lightning trend, then you are certainly wrong. Take a look at Sridevi in her Tamil films, or any of those from her earlier days, and compare them with any photo from her Hindi film career, and you shall see the stark difference.
Sridevi and Rekha are two yesteryear actresses, who have underwent drastic changes, as their film careers evolved.
Rekha
Yes, the now 'fairer than thou' diva was at one time a dusky beauty. But, if one cannot question the younger lot for giving into the obsession of fairer skin, then do you think one should be questioning Sridevi or Rekha?
Must See: 10 Bollywood Actresses Who Look Best without Makeup
Maybe these on-screen divas just could not hold their forts when it came to standing against the society's obsession for fair skin. However, all we hope for, is that others, especially the younger lot, sets an example and stands tall for how they look, rather than how they are looked at.
You may also like:

Any quick end to Nokia Chennai plant imbroglio is welcome: unionChennai
Any quick solution to the ongoing turmoil, caused due to Nokia’s decision to suspend operations at the Chennai plant, will be welcome, Nokia India Employees Union Honorary President A. Soundararajan said here on Tuesday.Already 8,000 jobs at Nokia and additional 15,000 jobs at suppliers had gone through the voluntary retirement scheme, he said.
“To stem further job losses at Nokia as well as the suppliers, the State Government should consider taking over the plant. Manufacturing of cheap phones and also laptops, which are distributed through the State government schemes, are possible at the Chennai plant,” Mr. Soundararajan, a sitting MLA from Perumbur in north Chennai, said.
Last week, Nokia said it would suspend handset manufacturing at its Chennai plant from November 1, citing termination of the services agreement with Microsoft. Due to asset freeze in the wake of the ongoing tax dispute, the company is not able to pursue alternative options.
Nokia at present has 1,100 workers.
Mr. Soundararajan said he had already represented to the Labour Commissioner. He would be meeting the State industry and labour ministers to give an update on the situation, he added.

New Converse Lawsuit Says There Can Only Be One All StarThe genuine articles pose with a Nike high heel.
Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images
Will the real Converse All Star please stand up? First popularized as iconic basketball sneakers and inextricably linked to counterculture figures and the high-schoolers who imitate them, the Chuck Taylor All Star is one of the world’s most famous sneakers. It’s no surprise that imitators have cropped up over the years, and now Converse is trying to knock imposters off the racks with a lawsuit against 31 companies including Walmart, Skechers, and Kmart.
The New York Times reports that Converse is accusing the companies of trademark infringement and seeking monetary damages; Converse is also pursuing a complaint with the International Trade Commission to bar look-alike counterfeits from entering the country.
Advertisement
The design infringements include one or two black stripes and, probably most importantly, the rubber cap above the toe, which have led the company to write more than 160 cease-and-desist letters, according to the Times, which also stresses how difficult trademark infringement cases can be in the fashion world—functional designs can’t be protected, and the attributes in question must be directly linked to the company in consumers’ minds.
In short, Converse needs to prove that when people see the black stripes on the soles and the rubber toe cap, they actually think “Converse.”
I have no legal degree, admittedly, but I did spend many years as a counterculture-obsessed teen, and when I purchased off-brand rubber-toed footwear with black stripes and flat laces, it was solely to supplement my one legitimate pair of worn-in, white canvas Chucks. In other words, I wanted more Converse, but could not afford the real thing, so I purchased an imitation.
My nonlawyer's opinion, therefore, is that the imitation evident in, say, the Faded Glory Women's Canvas Lace to Toe available at Walmart or in Skechers' Bobs Lo-Topia is borderline undeniable. The smoking gun? I found both of those shoes by searching the sites for the word "Converse."
Laura Bradley is a Slate intern.

Young India looks for love on TinderIndia looks for love on Tinder
By Sumnima Udas   @CNNTech October 15, 2014: 9:27 AM ET
 
Tinder's popularity grows in India
NEW DELHI (CNNMoney)
A popular dating app is attracting legions of young, urban Indians who are happy to use their smartphones in a search for love, even if it means casting aside traditional values.
The app is Tinder, which despite having arrived only one year ago, is now growing its user base in India by 1% per day. The app matches users by location and then allows them to connect if both parties are interested -- and it's a huge hit in cities like New Delhi and Mumbai.
"At first I thought it was a superficial, creepy kind of concept, but what it does is broaden your options," said Shilpi Roy, a young Delhi resident who has added Tinder to her dating routine.
But is this app -- which has a reputation for facilitating more hookups than relationships -- compatible with Indian culture?
In India, 90% of marriages are arranged, and dating around or having multiple partners is frowned upon. Newspaper advertisements and matrimonial websites here still promise a "homely, God-fearing and virtuous wife."
 
Modi in U.S. to promote 'Make in India'
Dakshi Kushwaha, a Tinder user and friend of Roy's, insists that matchmaking on Tinder isn't all that different that traditional methods -- which often includes a heavy dose of parental input.
"Even now when you hear of people getting into arranged marriage set up, they exchange numbers, they get talking," she said. "That's exactly what you do on Tinder. It's just now you swipe profiles right and left."
Between them, Roy and Kushwaha have met a handful of men on Tinder, and they think it's the best way to find dates. They like how it simplifies potential suitors to two main criteria: looks and physical distance.
Kushwaha said she is using the app to keep her options open, even as her parents work to set up an arranged marriage.
Related: India's $74 million Mars mission cost less than 'Gravity' movie
Chetan Bhaghat, a novelist and keen cultural observer, said the app appeals to young Indians who have grown adept at behaving one way in front of their parents, and another way when they're with friends or alone.
"Young Indians want to date or have one-night stands, but at the same time they don't want to upset their parents or the societal fabric they come from," he said. "They're okay with having an arranged marriage, but ... they want to fulfill their lust and desires for which they find Tinder very useful."
Despite the cultural complications, Tinder's rising popularity in India might be due to its ability to effectively match users -- a feature with universal appeal.
Even in the cloistered world of Delhi high society—where everyone knows everyone -- the app is making inroads, said Chirag Aga, 27, who met his current girlfriend through the app.
"Once you reach your late twenties or early thirties in Delhi, your circle of friends is set, and making new friends is a big task," he said. "Tinder is a great enabler."
First Published: October 15, 2014: 2:11 AM ET
Most Popular

Midweek recap: How is the week treating youShare 0
Aries ( 21st March to 20th April ) : There shall be major changes in the structure of your business, making you wish to sincerely focus on your growth. This, however, is not going to happen overnight, so you will really have to be very patient while executing expansion plans. On the job front, it will be a slightly tough time, as you shall not be able to maintain your work tempo or be on the same wavelength with your colleagues. A lack of cohesion in the team may be worrisome. In the initial stages of this week, you shall be preoccupied with communications, both written and oral, predicts Ganesha. You are likely to contact those family members whom you may not have met since long. Support from all your near and dear ones shall keep you going in case of difficulties. Married ones may be a bit concerned about the health of their spouse.
Taurus ( 21st April to 21st May ) : Ganesha predicts that during this week, you shall have to pay full attention to your primary responsibilities. It may be a bit tough for you to manage your daily chores, because life shall be very hectic. There shall be a strong sense of responsibility, because of which you shall not be able to take proper rest, especially as you shall be working overtime to complete all your pending tasks. The stress of it can affect your vitality, making you restless. Better keep taking little, small breaks and conserve your energy, whenever possible. This week is not auspicious for speculative activities, but you may go ahead with secure investments. Legal issues may keep dragging on, feels Ganesha. It will be necessary for you to lean on alternative healing therapies and subjects like spirituality. You should also meditate, in order to maintain good health and peace of mind.
Gemini ( 22nd May to 21st June ) : During the first few days of the week, you shall be confused about some matters. This confusion may last for three to four days. Ganesha advises you to be pragmatic in your approach towards everything and take practical decisions, rather than being guided by emotions. Ganesha feels that during this week myriad tasks shall clamour for your time. For example, you shall be focussing on your hobbies, but at the same time your social life, love life and job or business shall also be demanding your attention. In such a scenario, it would be difficult for you to do justice to everything. If you have invested in the stock market, you shall be preoccupied with active stock trading to make extra money. Do not do so without taking expert guidance, though.
Cancer ( 22nd June to 22nd July ) : The extremely tight deadlines shall keep you on your toes this week, predicts Ganesha. You cannot afford to overshoot the short-term targets. Though you shall give it your best shot, some obstacle or the other will keep impeding your progress and it is quite unlikely that you shall accomplish your tasks with full satisfaction. Don't lose heart, though. On the domestic front, the atmosphere may be quite depressing too, because of which you may prefer to spend most of your time at office. During the first three-four days of the week, some unexpected expenses are likely. However, towards the weekend, unexpected financial gains are also foreseen. So, financially this week seems balanced. You shall, however, have to work hard to remain balanced emotionally, and focus on your work without getting disturbed by events taking place around you.
Leo ( 23rd July to 22nd August ) : Ganesha foretells that this is going to be a relatively easy going and routine week for you. Besides Jupiter and Saturn, there is no other planet on an angle from your Sign. In view of the same, you are going to experience Jupiter and Saturn's effect intensely. You shall want to study/ learn new things. This week, you shall also be able to perform well at your workplace. Your decisions will be very prudent and you shall have no time for nonsense. In other words, you shall just be focussing on your prime responsibilities and will be able to progress in your field of work. Ganesha finds you very focussed on all your activities, during this week. For students, this is going to be a very active time too. Good thing is that you shall be able to finish studying your syllabus quickly and will also be confident about appearing in exams.
Virgo ( 23rd August to 22nd September ) : This week you shall remain somewhat restless about your financial matters, because money may seem to be pouring in from one source, but sliding out, at an equal pace, through another avenue. However, you shall be, by and large happy, with your financial position, and shall enjoy the small pleasures of life on which you may have spent big money. You shall be discussing financial matters with other people too, and there may be people who shall seek your guidance on the subject. This week, you also shall enjoy an active social life, but only with your close relations. You shall spend lavishly to keep your family members happy, feels Ganesha. Retrograde Mercury will make you think differently, and will inspire you to take a look at your own past. You might even need to carefully review your past expenses, and decide whether you have spent money judiciously or recklessly.
Libra ( 23rd September to 22nd October ) : This shall be an average week for you, but your stars assure that your stock shall remain afloat. During the first half of the week, you shall be in good humour and your work shall progress satisfactorily. Around Wednesday or Thursday, you shall have a sudden stroke of luck. Ganesha feels that during this week you shall meet an elderly person who could become your source of inspiration or may also become your friend, philosopher and guide. Your focus throughout the week shall be on yourself. Your performance in various areas of life will matter a lot to you. Financial matters, however, may get buried beneath emotional issues. You should try to keep yourself calm and composed, because if you get carried away by your emotions, you may not be able to give your best at work. Other aspects of life seem fine.
Scorpio ( 23rd October to 22nd November ) : During this week, Ganesha predicts that all the vital aspects of your life shall be taken care of by Jupiter and Saturn, and there is no need to give other things too much importance. Expenses may go on increasing, though. Health issues may crop up too; you should take immediate measures to treat them. It may so happen that while you are fully engrossed in your personal life and work, suddenly some problems confronting someone else may divert your attention, and while the person may be close to your heart, Ganesha advises you to give priority to your work and family. Later, if you have the time, you may help the person. Remember that charity begins at home. When it comes to financial matters, please think very carefully before advancing any loans.
Sagittarius ( 23rd November to 21st December ) : This week, Ganesha predicts that your safety and success shall depend on your speed. The greater your speed of work, the better it would be for you. You shall also spend a lot of time attending social gatherings, or enjoying the company of your close friends. You shall meet like-minded people, and that will make your life more interesting. Friends that you may not have met for long may now suddenly re-appear, adding to your joy. This week, all in all, you may constantly be in touch with many people, which may even increase your phone bill. Your activities on social networking websites will also suddenly increase, as either you will want to reach out to people or they would want to be in touch with you. Ganesha feels that during this socially active phase, you should make sure that your work does not get neglected.
Capricorn ( 22nd December to 20th January ) : It's time now to strain your grey cells about how to push your career forward, says Ganesha. You need now to reflect on the larger picture, which you may have been neglecting, because you may have been engrossed in achieving your short-term goals. Challenges need to be taken on positively, but only after giving enough thought to it, and if it's worth all your efforts of burning the mid-night oil. In short, you shall have to revise your priorities. Professionals shall have some important things to discuss with their superiors. If your superiors happen to be too busy, don't keep waiting; you can initiate the discussion matters via the email, suggests Ganesha. On the romantic front, your sweetheart shall be demanding your attention, even while you may be busy with your work. Ganesha, however, feels that you will surely try your best to do justice to your personal life as well. Good going!
Aquarius ( 21st January to 18th February ) : On the career front, Ganesha advises you to strive to maintain stability, because your attitude may be too rigid, which may cause problems in meetings and discussions. Though you may be convinced that your views are right, and though you may be ready to stand up and fight for them, Ganesha says sometimes discretion is the better part of valour. Also, remember that the boss is always right! This week is good for travelling, communicating with people living abroad and also for meeting them personally. So, if you wish to pack your bags and go on a foreign trip, the stars are in your favour. You may develop a philosophical bent of mind, and ponder about the deeper mysteries of life. You shall share your thoughts and ideas with your spouse and friends. For singles, marriage may be on the cards.
Pisces ( 19th February to 20th March ) : Business opportunities may feature prominently this week, predicts Ganesha. Negotiations may be a bit tedious, but eventually you shall be able to crack the deals, financially and otherwise. This week you shall be very concerned about the publicity of your business and maintaining or improving upon your brand image. You shall be able to handle tricky situations with delicacy, and you shall resolve almost all the problems that you are facing now. You shall also happily help others in handling their financial or business affairs. You shall be able to gather lots of goodwill this week.  On the financial front, you need to discuss the ground realities with your spouse and other senior family members. Some of you may be preoccupied with matters related to will and inheritance.
NEWS YOU MAY LIKE

Happy Diwali! Why India is likely to get a ratings upgrade within 365 daysYou are here: Home > Collections
Happy Diwali! Why India is likely to get a ratings upgrade within 365 days
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 15, 2014, 04.08PM IST
Tags:
Diwali
(S&P said it could raise the…)
NEW DELHI: After securing an outlook upgrade from S&P, India looks well on track for a ratings upgrade in the next 12 months, that is by next Diwali , says Ravneet Gill, CEO at Deustche Bank India, in an interview with ET Now.
"There is plenty to play for - and the way we look at it, 2015 could be a year that redefines India in the eyes of investors, in the eyes the Indians themselves," he says.
Ratings upgrade in the next 12 months is a very credible possibility, he says. "Also, one of the things that we need to notice is that the money that has come into equities this time is from first-time investors."
Last month, acknowledging efforts by the Narendra Modi's government to maintain fiscal discipline, push economic growth and revive investment cycle in Asia's third largest economy, Standard & Poor raised India's rating outlook to 'stable' from 'negative'.
The ratings agency further added that it could raise the rating if the economy reverted to a real per capita GDP trend growth of 5.5 per cent per year and fiscal, external, or inflation metrics improve.
While the risk of a downgrade for India is not imminent right now; but, a lot more needs to happen before India gets a ratings upgrade, experts feel.
Before the ratings upgrade can happen, whether it is by S&P or by any other rating agency, they will look for a very durable improvement in the economic parameters along with fiscal consolidation.
For many years, India ranked low on fiscal consolidation. However, from 2003 onwards the government made conscious efforts to bring down its fiscal deficit and public debt after it passed the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management (FRBM) Act.
"Though its efforts went off well in the initial years, government finances slipped in the last two years as it was forced to provide fiscal sops initially to tackle high inflation and then to contain the impact of the global financial crisis of 2008-09 that hit the real economy hard," ET had reported.
"If the nature of fiscal consolidation and fiscal correction that we do over the next 12-18 months appears to be durable and sustainable, then I am very confident that we will see an upgrade in India's ratings," said Neeraj Gambhir, MD & Head-Fixed Income India, Nomura Capital.
Impact on markets
Well, a ratings upgrade is indeed positive for economy and for the markets, but investors should not be given too much importance, say analysts; considering the fact that lot of global funds have already allocated money to India but even more are waiting on the sidelines.
A lot of global emerging markets have already allocated capital to India, says Jeff Choudhry, Head of EM Equities, F&C, in an interview with ET Now.
"Most of the global emerging markets funds are 'overweight' and I do not think a ratings upgrade is going to have any impact at all in terms of more money coming into the market," he adds.
Investors still have a certain level of skepticism - so they would like to see more policy action, they would like to see more action on the ground, say analysts.
As per analysts, investors eventually want to see is capex on the ground which is still six to nine months away and when you start seeing that - big projects coming on stream, fresh capex getting incurred that is the time when you see that the allocation will certainly grow.
Gill is of the view that relative to their overall portfolios of pension funds have allocated a very small percentage to India. At the moment what they are doing is that they are just dipping their toes in the water and feeling the way around.
"If there was a sustained effort on the part of the government to reach out to them and build confidence, engage with them, or have a decision making system which is much more inclusive, we could actually see very significant funds coming in from agency," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

John Abraham promises strong fight against AtleticoUpdated: October 15, 2014 16:41 IST
John Abraham promises strong fight against Atletico
PTI
PTi Co-owner of NorthEast United FC John Abraham with his team celebrates after the victory against Kerala Blasters in Guwahati. File photo
TOPICS
soccer
Riding high on NorthEast United FC’s home win against Kerela Blasters, team co-owner John Abraham has said that his team will put up a strong fight in his side’s next Indian Super League (ISL) match against Atletico de Kolkata.
The actor and football enthusiast Abraham has, however, admitted that the next game would be one of the toughest considering the way they played to beat Mumbai FC at the inaugural match.
“Kolkata is a tough side but we are a young team... we will give our heart. We’ll put up a fight like no one has ever seen,” Abraham told reporters during his one hour-long visit to Shillong on Tuesday.
NE United FC pulled off a hard fought 1-0 victory against Kerala Blasters in a packed Indira Gandhi Stadium in Guwahati even as the latter were much better in the game statistically.
“They are a bunch of warriors out there,” he said, optimistic that his team would give Atletico de Kolkata a tough fight in the latter’s home turf.
As for the composition of the NE United FC, Abraham said NE United FC was the only team in the ISL where domestic players had been drawn exclusively from the region.
He also said the passion for football across the region was unmatched pointing out that his team co-owner and Shillong Lajong’s MD Larsing M Sawyan was a football player himself.
The team owners also revealed plans to take the ISL to Shillong, Imphal and Aizawl besides other state capitals in the north east in the coming editions of the league.
Speaking on the involvement of Bollywood superstars and cricket players as team owners, Abraham said, “This is important to draw eyeballs initially.”
However, he said, football was a sport of purist and domestic heroes should be crowd pullers.
“As a team owner, my job is to build these domestic heroes,” he said negating views that the ISL would turn out to be a show of vanity.

CEO-speak one key to market stabilizationCEO-speak is one key to market stabilization
By: Adam Shell October 15, 2014 8:04 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
Getty Images
 
When CEOs speak, Wall Street listens. Especially when there’s concern that a “growth shock” from outside the USA could short-circuit the good things happening at home with the U.S. economy.
A key pillar of the U.S. stock market, despite the recent turbulence that has spooked investors and sent stock prices into a downward spiral, is that the domestic economy and Corporate America is doing better, well enough to fend off weakness in places such as Europe and China.
Investors, of course, also have the Ebola crisis weighing on their minds, not to mention the hit to investors’ psyches, given that the broad Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index is down 6.6% from its Sept. 18 record close.
In pre-market trading, the stock market was showing signs of strain once again, with S&P 500 futures down 17 points, or 0.9%.
Heading into the third-quarter earnings season, Wall Street pros stressed that what CEOs say about the future will be key — and just as important as what they earned in the quarter.
“Good earnings guidance from CEOs is the No. 1 thing that could help change the (negative) tone,” says JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade.
Stocks got a boost Tuesday, with the Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index snapping a dismal three-day losing streak, from upbeat comments from Jamie Dimon, the CEO of JPMorgan Chase and John Stumpf, CEO at Wells Fargo. Dimon said: “While challenges remain in the global economic recovery, the U.S. economy is an exception, showing signs of steady improvement.” Stumpf said, “We continue to see signs of a steadily improving economy.”
If the market is to steady itself, positive comments about the economy must continue this earnings season.
Up today are profit reports from Bank of America, online retailer eBay and streaming video service Netflix.

Tata Steel Europe boss says Europe industry  through the worstTata Steel Europe boss says Europe industry 'through the worst'
Reuters |  Oct 15, 2014 04:58 PM IST
Europe's steel industry is "through the worst", Tata Steel Europe Chief Executive Karl Koehler said on Wednesday, after announcing the company's planned sale of its European long products division.
"I believe that we are through the worst here in Europe," he said on a call with reporters. "The demand expectation is that the apparent steel use in Europe will grow 3 to 4%, so yes, demand is growing. In our case, the turn has been taken and the signs going forward is that this picks up."
He added the Tata Steel operations being put up for sale were "close" to breaking even.
Earlier, Europe's number two steel producer said it was in talks to sell European operations including mills in northern England and Scotland to Geneva-based Klesch Group.
The World Steel Association earlier this month forecast growth of 4% for the European Union in 2014.

With a bullet: Oil  Ebola and Google GlassEMAIL
David McNew/Getty Images
Who suffers most from falling oil prices? Russia, Iran and Saudi Arabia .
Meanwhile, the 10-year U.S. Treasury bond has fallen to 2.18 % from 3.03% at the start of 2014. Germany’s 10-year government bond yields 0.84%, and Japan’s yields 0.48%.
And the average 30-year mortgage rate is 4.12%, a whisker away from this year’s low of 4.10%. Mortgage applications were up last week, but refinancing is expected to be at its lowest since 2000 , says Calculated Risk.
A Nevada court ruling allows homeowners associations to foreclose on delinquent properties , trumping the claims of mortgage holders . Investors who can buy the properties for pennies on the dollar are happy; lenders are not.

Congress will be ousted in Maharashtra  Haryana: BJPcongress will be ousted in maharashtra  haryana: bjp
HC reserves verdict on plea seeking release of life convictsHC reserves verdict on plea seeking release of life convicts
90 per cent polling in Kanubari bypoll90 per cent polling in Kanubari bypoll
Jan Dhan Yojna phase II: LIC  general insurers asked to finalise productsJan Dhan Yojna phase II: LIC  general insurers asked to finalise products
On election day  Shiv Sena s Uddhav Thackeray unveils Narendra Modi  surpriseOn election day  Shiv Sena s Uddhav Thackeray unveils Narendra Modi  surprise
Bank staff may come under govt pay panelBank staff may come under govt pay panel
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 22:53 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 23:01 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
Even after several rounds of talks between bank  employee unions and the Indian Banks Association (IBA), there seems to be no consensus on the quantum of salary hike for over 800,000 employees at different public sector lenders.
While the IBA has indicated that the maximum hike that can be offered to employees is about 11%, unions are demanding a 25% raise.
With the stalemate still continuing, sources said a proposal could also be considered to bring them under the purview of the Seventh Pay Commission, which has already been constituted. A large section of bank employees are, however, unwilling to do the same.
“There needs to be an end to the stalemate and this is an option that has also come up,” an official source who refused to be identified said.
IBA chairman, TM Bhasin, however, told HT that there was no proposal to bring bank employees under the purview of the pay commission. “IBA has no such consideration and no proposal has come to the IBA,” he said.
“There have been some reports of bringing the bank employees under the purview of the pay commission but we are completely opposed to such a move,” said CH Venkatachalam, general secretary, All India Bank Employees Association.
The salary revision of bank employees is due since November 2012.
Unions meanwhile have threatened to go on a strike on November 12. There could even be an indefinite strike thereafter if the issue is not addressed, union representatives said.
A senior bank executive said the issue of wage settlement would have to be sorted at the earliest and the finance ministry could intervene to ensure that the deadlock comes to an end.
“At a time, when the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana is underway and targets have to be met, there is little scope to lose time,” he said.

Now  you can send money through Facebook  TwitterNow, you can send money through Facebook, Twitter
Agencies  Mumbai/Paris, October 14, 2014
First Published: 00:06 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 07:39 IST(14/10/2014)
Social networking sites are slowly emerging as  mini-banks for users!
Advertisement
While private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) has launched a Facebook-based instant fund transfer service in India, French banking major Groupe BPCE is teaming up with Twitter to allow its customers to transfer money via tweets.
KMB’s service will enable users to send money to friends on the social media network real-time, absolutely free!.
“This is a bank agnostic product, the sender and the receiver may not be our account holders. We have used the IMPS (immediate payment service) platform on the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) network to make this possible,” said Deepak Sharma, executive vice-president and head of digital initiatives, Kotak Mahindra Bank.
The IMPS platform has 28 banks under its fold and account holders of any of these lenders can use the newly-launched service, Sharma said.
The sender will have to register on a dedicated website for the initiative called “KayPay”, wherein he will have to give bank account details and the bank’s MMID (mobile money identification number), apart from personal credentials, Sharma said.
Once registered, the sender can initiate transactions.
He claimed it is fully secure, even in the event of the Facebook account getting compromised as it uses two-factor authentication to complete a transaction. Additionally, there is also an expiry time for a transaction.
At present, some lenders such as ICICI Bank allow fund transfers for their own account holders using Facebook.

Manipuri student attacked in Bangalore  told  speak in Kannada  this is not ChinaManipuri student attacked in Bangalore, 3 arrested
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, October 15, 2014
First Published: 13:13 IST(15/10/2014) | Last Updated: 22:54 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
In a suspected case of hate crime, Bengaluru police arrested three men on Wednesday who reportedly assaulted a Manipuri student with rocks for not speaking the local language.
Michael Haokip, president of a Manipuri students' association, after being attacked on Tuesday night, in what seems like a hate crime. (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
T Michael Lamjathang Haokip was attacked a little after midnight in a part of the city mostly inhabited by migrants, particularly students from the northeast states and Africa. The 26-year-old received wounds to his head and back but doctors said he was out of danger.
People from India’s seven northeast states are frequently singled out for abuse in other parts of the country because they look different and often dress different, say social scientists. More than 30,000 people from the Northeast fled Bengaluru in August 2012 after a handful of such attacks sparked rumours of a larger conspiracy.
“They kept asking me to speak in Kannada. They said, ‘If you outsiders know how to eat food that is produced in Karnataka, you must also know to speak Kannada. This is India not China.’ I tried to reason with them but they were hysterical,” a profusely bleeding Michael told Hindustan Times at the Kothanur police station.
Two of Michael’s friends – Ngamkholen Haokip, 28, and Rocky Kipgen, 25 – who were with him when he was assaulted on Wednesday escaped with minor wounds. 
Michael Lamjathang Haokip at Kothanur police station (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
 
Michael said the people who gathered because of the commotion immediately sided with the attackers.
“A friend from my community, Letmang Haokip, 35, was passing by on his motorcycle. I jumped onto the bike and we started racing towards the police station. But the people followed us on their bikes and one of them crashed into us. We fell down and I started running for my life towards the police station. Just then a police patrol car arrived and the mob scattered,” he said.
Letmang, who could not leave his motorcycle behind and escape, said the mob snatched valuables and the bike’s documents from him. “They would have probably killed me but Michael returned with the police.”
Obed Haokip, 46, one of Michael’s friends who arrived with a police patrol team, said some associates of a local politician helped a few of the attackers escape.
“Three persons have been arrested and investigations are on to ascertain if this was a hate crime,” said additional commissioner of police Alok Kumar.
Boxer MC Mary Kom, who hails from Manipur and was in Bengaluru for an event, also condemned the incident.
“There should be unity and peace in our country, so that such incidents don’t repeat again,” the Olympic medallist said.

Online ads are attacking youOnline ads are attacking you
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery October 15, 2014: 3:37 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
An especially sneaky type of hack is on the rise. Hackers can infect your computer by piggybacking on Web ads -- even on trusted websites.
Hackers are slipping malware into legitimate-looking online advertisements. When you visit sites that serve those ads, you're automatically and unknowingly downloading computer viruses.
"Malvertising" has hit Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ), Answers.com, Dictionary.com, Examiner.com, The Jerusalem Post , Last.fm, The Pirate Bay, The Times of Israel , Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) and YouTube this year.
And it's blowing up. The number of malicious ads has nearly doubled every year since 2011, according to data from security firm RiskIQ . Its researchers have discovered 432,374 of them so far this year.
"The ad tech industry recognizes this is a serious problem," said Geir Magnusson, CTO of online ad platform AppNexus.
Malvertising makes up a microscopic fraction of the 5 trillion online ads displayed each year in the U.S. alone, according to trackers at comScore. But that's still half a million times our computers could get infected.
Hackers have used malvertising to steal bank account information and lock up files to hold them for ransom.
A major concern now is that hackers are getting smarter at launching attacks that slip past security scanners -- and are customized to specifically attack you.
Online ad networks allow advertisers to know your physical location, Web history, and what kind of browser, device or operating system you use. Hackers are leveraging this to make ads that only deliver malware under specific circumstances.
If the malware exploits a bug in Windows XP, it won't appear if you use Windows 7. It might only target retirees in Florida on weekdays. That's why malvertisements don't always raise alarms. They won't appear for every scanner.
Hackers also take advantage of a vulnerability in the way online ads are bought and sold. When you navigate to a website, a complex negotiation between advertisers occurs in a matter of milliseconds. The highest-bidding advertiser can show you an ad -- or go back to the market and see if there's an even higher bidder somewhere out there -- all in half a second.
The box reserved for advertising on a website might redirect you to a dozen different computer servers before it finally loads the ad. That's how hackers go unnoticed: The first package of data they send seems fine, but they eventually redirect you to a server that spits out malware. They set up deceptive servers to trick ad networks and consumers alike.
"The ecosystem is optimized to get the right ad displayed at the right time at the highest price," said RiskIQ CEO Elias Manousos. "It was never built to stop fraud."
The system's complexity makes it harder to crack down. When Times of Israel was hit with malvertising in September, it took 14 hours to figure out what ad agency was unwittingly passing along the bad ads, according to Jess Dolgin, whose J Media firm serves as the news website's advertising department.
 
ISIS recruiting on teen social networks
The advertising industry does take steps to protect the public. For example, AppNexus pays dozens of its staff in New York and India to monitor actual ads all day long. And a special software program, dubbed Sherlock, spots those that violate company policy.
Sherlock catches 35 malicious ads a week. But AppNexus serves 30 billion ads a day. Sherlock can't scan them all -- that would delay display time by minutes. Cybersecurity provider Bromium recently concluded the most thorough solution -- rigorous approval of 100% of ads -- is just not possible for the ad industry.
"There are limits to what you can do in milliseconds," said John Clyman, senior director of security at The Rubicon Project ( RUBI ), an ad exchange.
So how can you avoid malvertising?
The bare minimum: Don't click on ads, especially if they say something like, "Danger! You need to upgrade your antivirus!" And malware-laced ads can look like authentic car or movie commercials.
Minimize exposure: Always update your operating system, apps and Web browser (including plugins, like Java ). Up-to-date antivirus programs will catch some malware -- but not all.
Go all the way: Use something like AdBlock , which stops all advertisements from appearing. But pages designed to look good with ads suddenly look horrendous. And worst of all, this chokes off the main revenue stream for publishers, like CNNMoney or your favorite blog.
Ad companies are also clamping down on each other. AppNexus has a three-strike policy before it suspends business with an ad agency. Security researchers suggest an ad industry honor system that universally revokes privileges. You spew malware, you're out. But the problem is so widespread that sounds untenable too.
"It would be interesting to see if anyone would be left standing," Dolgin said.
CNNMoney is investigating recent hacks. Have you had money stolen from your bank account? Has someone stolen your identity? Share your story .

We will receive A320neo from Oct 2015: Aditya GhoshPlanning in advance helps us plan better: Aditya Ghosh
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai Oct 16, 2014 12:48 AM IST
IndiGo has a habit of breaking records, be it in making profits, flying passengers or ordering planes. On Wednesday, the Gurgaon-based airline signed a memorandum of understanding with Airbus for 250 A32neos. IndiGo’s president Aditya Ghosh shares the growth plan.
Prior to placing today’s order, IndiGo had an order book of 280 Airbus A320s. How many of these have been delivered and what is the delivery schedule over the next two years?
We have received 99 planes of the 100 aircraft ordered in 2005 and the last one we will receive in November. We will start receiving the A320neos we ordered in 2011 from next October. Over next October-December we will be receiving six planes.
We have converted 30 A320s from the 2011 order to A320neos and thus all the 180 planes will be A320neos. We are also taking 12 A320 planes on lease from Tigerair and deliveries begin this month.
According to the original plan, the 180 A320s would be delivered by 2024. What was the temptation to place such a large order now?
We finished our first 100-plane order two years early. According to the original plan, the deliveries were to stretch till 2016. We might speed up induction in future, but it depends on market growth.
We will start receiving planes from the latest order from 2018 and those inductions will overlap with deliveries of the earlier order for 180 planes. Apart from the confirmed orders, we have rights to purchase another 100 planes from Airbus.
Planning in advance allows us to plan better. We have always done business that way. We ordered 100 planes in 2005 and started operations a year later. Our profitability also allows us to plan for the next five years.
With a large order book, are IndiGo’s promoters planning to start airlines in other countries? Also is there a plan to start a low-cost long haul airline from India? Is IndiGo planning to buy A330neos?
I do not know and it is up to the promoters to decide (on launching airlines abroad). It is very difficult for me to comment. What I can say is there are a lot of growth opportunities locally. India is one of the most under-penetrated markets and the number of aircraft in India is lower than in Brazil, China or Indonesia. We have 430 Airbus A320neos on order and there is no thought now about buying A330neos.
How is IndiGo funding its immediate plane deliveries?
We have tied up with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China for financing 30 A320 planes and these include the A320neos we will receive from next October.
What will be IndiGo’s capacity growth in the next year?
Capacity growth will be largely domestic and will include both addition on existing routes and new routes. This year, we have opened new routes like Ranchi, Varanasi and Bagdogra.
What are your plans for an initial public offer?
I will not comment on that.

Hong Kong democracy activist allegedly beatenShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Hong Kong democracy activist allegedly beaten
Oct 15, 2014 : Footage from broadcaster TVB allegedly shows opposition party member Ken Tsang being arrested and then beaten by six policemen, during the worst clashes so far of the democracy protests in Hong Kong.

Adani  Jindal Power  Sterlite  GMR of UMPPs ...Adani, Jindal Power, Sterlite and GMR pull out of UMPPs race
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 05.29PM IST
Tags:
Adani
(Adani, Jindal Power, Sterlite and GMR have…)
NEW DELHI: Adani , Jindal Power , Sterlite and GMR have pulled out of the race for ultra mega power projects in Odisha and Tamil Nadu, leaving only state-run NTPC in the fray for the proposed 4,000 MW size plants.
"Adani, Jindal Power, Sterlite and GMR had purchased RFP (Request for Proposal) documents but the four have now submitted letters to PFC stating that they are withdrawing from the further bid process," an official said.
Only NTPC is left in the fray now for these proposed plants, he added.
Power Finance Corporation (PFC) is the nodal agency for UMPPs in the country.
The official, however, did not specify the reason for withdrawal.
For the Odisha UMPP, NTPC, NHPC, Tata, Adani, JSW Energy, Jindal Power, Sterlite, CLP and L&T were among the pre-qualified firms while for the Cheyyur (Tamil Nadu) UMPP, NTPC, Adani, CLP, GMR, Jindal, JSW Energy, Sterlite, L&T were among the pre-qualified parties.
Odisha UMPP is a pit-head power project. Based on domestic coal to be sourced from allocated captive coal blocks, it is expected to cost around Rs 25,000 crore.
The Cheyyur UMPP is a coastal power project, based on imported coal, with an expected investment of about Rs 24,200 crore.
The preliminary bids for these projects were invited last year, after the government revised the existing Standard Bidding Documents (SBDs).
Under the revised norms, any escalation in cost of fuel will be passed on to the consumer as higher tariff and the companies executing projects will have to mandatorily source equipment from domestic manufacturers.
An UMPP is a thermal power project of at least 4,000 MW capacity.
So far, four UMPPs have been awarded. Of this, Sasan (Madhya Pradesh), Krishnapatnam (Andhra Pradesh) and Tilaiya (Jharkhand) have been bagged by Reliance Power. Tata Power is operating the Mundra UMPP in Gujarat.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Airbus to surpass 1 000 net orders after Ind...Airbus to surpass 1,000 net orders after IndiGo deal
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 05.23PM IST
Indigo places largest global order for 250 planes
Indigo places largest global order for 250 planes
Airbus is targeting 2014 net orders in excess of its deliveries, which it expects to be about the same as last year's co record of 626 aircraft handed over to customers.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: Airbus looks set to exceed 1,000 net orders this year after securing a provisional deal with Indian carrier IndiGo for 250 revamped A320neo jets, its sales chief said on Wednesday.
In the first nine months of 2014, Airbus lagged rival Boeing with 791 net orders. Gross orders, before adjustments for model conversions or cancellations, stood at 1,077 aircraft.
"I think we are going to be comfortably over 1,000 net and over 1,350 or 1,400 gross," John Leahy , chief operating officer for customers, said in a telephone interview.
Airbus is targeting 2014 net orders in excess of its deliveries, which it expects to be about the same as last year's company record of 626 aircraft handed over to customers.
The IndiGo deal disproves recent warnings from some analysts about demand and underpins Airbus' confidence in the market, but does not by itself change the planemaker's production plans, Leahy said.

12 companies launch public offers in SeptemberYou are here: Home > Collections
12 companies launch public offers in September; highest ever in a month
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 04.58PM IST
Tags:
BSE SME platform
(12 cos launch public offers…)
MUMBAI: Tapping strong investor sentiments, as many as 12 small and medium enterprises came out with their IPOs in September -- the highest in a single month since the launch of dedicated SME platforms in March 2012.
The SMEs, most of them to be listed on BSE SME platform, had come out with their intial public offering (IPO) to together raise atleast Rs 81 crore.
Top bourses -- the BSE and the NSE -- had launched dedicated platforms for SMEs in March 2012 to enable the listing of these firms and help them raise equity capital for growth and expansion in a cost-effective manner.
Among the 12 firms that hit the capital markets with their IPOs in September, Momai Apparels topped the chart with Rs 30 crore initial share sale. The firm is the only one proposed to be listed on NSE's platform for SMEs -- NSE Emerge, among the 12 companies.
The remaining 11 IPOs -- Naysaa Securities, Sirohia & Sons, Encash Entertainment, Ultracab (India), Aryaman Capital Markets, Atishay Infotech, Dhabriya Polywood, Starlit Power Systems, Vibrant Global Capital, Powerhouse Fitness & Realty, and ADCC Infocad -- would trade on the BSE SME segment.
According to market experts, current market conditions are favourable for companies looking to mop up funds through the IPO route.
BSE Managing Director and CEO Ashish Kumar Chauhan had recently said that as many 100 companies were expected to be listed on the exchange's SME platform by the year-end.
Currently, 70 companies are eligible for trading on the BSE SME platform and have an aggregate market capitalisation of a little over Rs 7,563 crore.
On the other hand, five firms are listed on the NSE.
According to the SME listing norms, a company would be eligible for listing if it has not completed 10 years after incorporation, and its revenue has not exceeded Rs 100 crore in any of the financial years. In addition, the company should have got an investment of at least Rs 50 lakh by an alternative investment fund, or a venture capital fund, or by a merchant banker, or an angel investor, or a specialised international multilateral agency, or a public financial institution, among other such investors. The data for September has been gathered through information available on the Sebi's website.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jan Dhan phase II: LIC  gen insurers asked to finalise productsHi Guest
Jan Dhan phase II: LIC, gen insurers asked to finalise products
Government has asked all state-owned general insurers and country's largest life insurer Life Insurance Corporation of India to finalise the micro-insurance products to be sold to account holders in the second phase of the Jan Dhan scheme to be rolled out from January 26. Ministry of Finance, Joint Secretary -- insurance, Anoop Wadhwa, had reviewed the progress of development of micro-insurance products at a meeting in the national Capital on Tuesday. Even though the insurers were asked to ...

Battlefield Haryana: Modi Presses for Congress-free HaryanaBattlefield Haryana: Modi Presses for Congress-free Haryana
Serbia-Albania match abandoned over drone chaosSerbian footballer grabs Albanian flag during match, sparks violence
AFP
print
A Euro 2016 qualifying match between Serbia and Albania was abandoned after a drone carrying a pro-Albanian message was flown over the stadium late Tuesday, sparking violent scenes on and off the pitch.
The match between the Balkan rivals was scoreless when it was stopped in the 41st minute after the drone trailing a "Greater Albania" flag flew over the Partizan Stadium in Belgrade and was brought down by a Serbia player.
The incident triggered clashes between the two sets of players and a handful of the 20,000 Serbian spectators ran on to the pitch and tried to assault the Albanian team.
Albanian fans had been banned from attending the match.
Serbia's interior ministry said the brother of Albania's Prime Minister Edi Rama was arrested over the incident, accused of controlling the drone from his seat in the stadium's executive box.
But the prime minister's brother, Olsi Rama, who later returned to Tirana with the Albanian team to a hero's welcome, said he had "nothing to do with the drone."
"I don't understand where this story came from," Rama said.
Serbia's Stefan Mitrovic grabs a flag with Albanian national symbols flown by a remotely operated drone during the Euro 2016 group I football match between Serbia and Albania in Belgrade. (AFP Photo)
"I was neither arrested nor detained. When the incident occurred the situation became chaotic, police were checking everyone.
"I showed them my US passport and my camera and all this lasted only a few minutes," Rama said.
Thousands of Albanian fans, as well as deputy prime minister Niko Peleshi and sports minister Lindita Nikolli, welcomed the squad home at Rinas airport.
The incident comes just days before Edi Rama is due to make the first visit by an Albanian premier to Serbia for 68 years.
Rama's visit, set for next Wednesday, became possible after the normalisation of bilateral relations was sealed in an agreement brokered by the European Union in April 2013.
   
'We wanted to continue'
Relations between Tirana and Belgrade have been strained over the issue of the mainly ethnic Albanian former Serbian province of Kosovo and the Albanian minority in southern Serbia, who frequently demand more autonomy.
In Belgrade, some see Tirana's interest as part of a plan aimed at creating a "Greater Albania" that would unite Albanian communities in Albania, Kosovo, Montenegro, Macedonia and southern Serbia.
Kosovo's independence, proclaimed in 2008, has been recognised by more than 100 countries, including the United States and most EU states.
The premature end to Tuesday's game was greeted with joy by nearly 5,000 Kosovar Albanians who gathered to watch on TV in the Kosovo capital Pristina, shouting "Greater Albania" and "victory".
Serbia's captain, Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic, said he was dismayed by the events.
"In the name of my team I can say that we wanted to continue the match... but the Albanian players said they weren't in the physical or psychological state to continue," he said.
European football's governing body UEFA said the circumstances of the match would be reported to its Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body.
Kosovo's formation was made possible by a bloody chain of events after the end of the Soviet era.
The demise of the Soviet Union in 1990-91 created the conditions for the bloody wars that broke Yugoslavia apart into six multi-ethnic states, including Serbia.
NATO carried out a 78-day bombing campaign which led to Serb troops pulling out of Kosovo in 1999 and brought an end to the Serbian government's repression of the ethnic Albanian population.
Serbia says the NATO airstrikes killed 2,500 civilians, including 89 children, a figure contested by NATO.

Maharashtra voters make last-hour dash  decent turnout in HaryanaAfter remaining sluggish for the most part of the day, voting gathered pace in Maharashtra in the afternoon, with the polling percentage crossing 63.4% by 6pm.
Women in Daultabad cast their votes. (HT Photo)
Voters in Mumbai came out to exercise their right in the afternoon taking the polling percentage in the capital to 48% till 5pm, according to reports.
Polling started on a brisk note, slowed down around noon but again picked up, officials said.
Haryana, on the other hand, registered an record-breaking turnout figure, with the polling percentage reaching all-time high of 75.9. 
In 1967, maximum polling of 72.65% had taken place in Haryana, while in 1968, minimum polling of 57.26% was registered. In the 2009 elections, 72.37% polling was recorded.
The state had a very slow start in the morning especially in the urban areas. Stray incidents of violence marked the assembly polls in Haryana leaving 32 persons including 10 policemen injured.
While longer queues were seen in rural areas in Maharashtra , the low turnout in urban areas , especially in the rural areas prompted political leaders and celebrities to appeal to people to come out and vote.
Report of stray violence came from as a group of Maoists opened fire on a polling party at Maskipalli in Chamorshi tehsil in Gadchiroli district. "The policemen posted at the polling centre promptly returned the fire and the encounter is still going on," Gadchiroli police PRO said. Further details are awaited.
Cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, and film actors Salman Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Rekha and Bomman Irani came out to vote in the morning, and urged Mumbai's citizens to come out in larger numbers.
"Go vote, " tweeted Salman Khan, adding that people who were enjoying a picnic without going to vote would be the ones who would complain the most later on. 
Among the political leaders in Maharashtra who have voted so far are Sharad Pawar, and Ajit Pawar from the NCP, Devendra Fadnavis from the BJP, former home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and MNS chief Raj Thackeray.
"I am confident that people will choose Congress this time also for the work done in last 15 years," Prithviraj Chavan said after casting his vote in Karad.
 
"There has been a change in the government at the Centre, major alliances have ended, and all political parties are taking their chances in this poll," he said.
The high turnout for the assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra indicates "polling against Congress misrule", BJP said as it claimed that it would form the government in the two states after winning a decisive mandate from the voters.
 
"We claim that these polling trends are in favour of BJP and we will form governments with absolute majority in both Maharashtra and Haryana.
 
"This heavy polling is against the Congress misrule and corruption and in favour of BJP's good governance and development and credible leadership," BJP general secretary JP Nadda told reporters in Delhi.
Earlier in the day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi  tweeted,  urging voters in both states to come out and vote. "Youngsters should show the way and ensure a  high voter turnout.
The polls are a major test as much of Modi’s personal charisma as his party’s strategy to abandon long-standing allies in search of political majority in two key states.
Just ahead of the elections, the BJP snapped its 25-year old alliance with the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and parted ways with Kuldeep Bishnoi's Haryana Janhit Congress in Haryana.
A victory will not only reaffirm Modi’s appeal with voters but also silence detractors of his new party leadership, which was blamed for a string of defeats in assembly by-elections that tempered the euphoria of his Lok Sabha triumph.

Mamata s votebank politics takes Bengal to edgeprint
By an order dated April 19, 2012, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee started riding a tiger.
In this order, 11 months after she had stormed to power ending 34 years of Left rule, the state’s department of minority affairs and madrassa education released guidelines for a Rs. 2,500-a-month honorarium to imams and Rs. 1,000 a month for muezzins.
Not a small amount in a Bengal village. The state’s per capita monthly income was around Rs. 4,500, rural incomes still lower.
Among those howling in protest were even ordinary Muslims. What had an imam done to deserve a state salary to top earnings from Waqf, masjid funds, Quran recitation, prayers, traditional medicine? Didi’s government went ahead with it, till the Calcutta high court struck down the ‘imam bhata’ in September 2013.
In 2012, a proposal to build a hospital exclusively for Muslims at Bhangar in South 24 Parganas was floated, but the government did not proceed following sharp criticism.
But by then, Mamata had lodged herself firmly on the tiger’s back. From announcing separate engineering exams for minorities and a Rs. 500-crore plan for upkeep of mosques and clerics’ dole to allowing a massive rally in Kolkata in support of the mastermind of 1971 Bangladesh genocide, she rode on.
In Bengal, the minority votebank is especially attractive. The Muslim population is 26%, almost double the national average. Latest Census data shows a 5-7% increase in just 10 years in districts of Assam and West Bengal bordering Bangladesh.
Migration from Bangladesh has traditionally been for livelihood. But lately the concern has been about radical elements chased away by the Sheikh Hasina government finding protection in Trinamool Congress-ruled Bengal for votes and muscle power.
This creates ripe ground for the BJP and RSS –– on a remarkable rise in the state –– who complain about open cow slaughter being used as a tool to intimidate and drive back Hindus, cow smuggling and rising crime by Bangladeshis. All this while “Mumtaz Begum” looks the other way, they say.
The year 2013 started with Syed Noor-ul-Rehman Barkati, the shahi imam of the Tipu Sultan mosque, bragging that he stopped writer Salman Rushdie’s entry into the cultured, literary Kolkata of our memory by a mere phone call to the CM.
The year ended with the Kolkata police reportedly stalling indefinitely a TV serial, Dusahobas, scripted by Taslima Nasreen after Muslims groups complained that it would hurt religious sentiments.
While all this was happening, NGOs Snap and Guidance Guild came out with a report mid-2013 on the ‘Status of Muslims in West Bengal’. More than 200 people surveyed around a lakh households.
As Didi bowed in sajda from thousands of billboards and posters across the state, the report said nearly 65% of Muslims households in the state were engaged in “petty, low-income and precarious livelihoods”. In 51% households, no member had studied past primary school, and 17% households did not have a single literate adult. The Sachar report in 2005 had similar things to say about the state Muslims under the Left rule, leaving the Reds red in the ears.
But if the Trinamool Congress (TMC) government was being accused of “minority appeasement” so far, lately it has started facing charges a lot more portentous.
The CBI is probing the angle that money from the Saradha scam was diverted to Bangladeshi Jamaat jihadis fighting against the moderate and friendly Sheikh Hasina government. It is also investigating links of TMC MPs and other leaders with extremist outfits.
And then a bomb goes off in Burdwan district this month, in a house owned by a local TMC leader, killing two who the NIA suspect were making bombs for jihad in Bangladesh.
Read: NIA files FIR, CID confirms Bangladesh angle
Even on this, the local police are accused of delaying and destroying evidence.
If these allegations are true, things have gone much beyond appeasement, to compromising national security. Bangladesh can even accuse an Indian state of sponsoring terror on its territory.
The tiger has broken into a run. It will now be daunting for Didi to keep hanging on to it, and fatal to get down.

China says no need  so far  for PLA deployment in Hong KongChina says no need  so far  for PLA deployment in Hong Kong
Canada offers to partner India in  housing for allCanada offers to partner India in  housing for all
Burj Khalifa opens the world s highest observation deckHi Guest
Burj Khalifa opens the world's highest observation deck
Image: Burj Khalifa bags another world record. Photograph, courtesy: Emaar Group The world's tallest building Burj Khalifa has clinched its newest Guinness World Records title for being the highest man-made vantage point on earth. For the first time, Emaar Properties, the developer of Burj Khalifa, on Tuesday opened the doors for the public to soak up unmatched views of the Dubai city from the all-new 'At the Top, Burj Khalifa SKY'.   Image: View from the observation deck on the 124th floor ...

IGATE Q3 Net up 17% at $ 37.3mIGATE Q3 Net up 17% at $ 37.3m
Pankaja Munde says public sentiment for her as CMNagpur/Parli (Maha), October 15, 2014
Updated: October 15, 2014 16:58 IST
Pankaja Munde says ‘public sentiment’ for her as CM
PTI
Maharashtra BJP president Devendra Fadnavis with Pankaja Munde File photo: Vivek Bende
TOPICS
Maharashtra
Fadnavis maintains there are ‘no front runners’
With pre-poll surveys predicting BJP’s emergence as the single largest party in Maharashtra, talks have begun about who in the party will be the chief minister.
While Pankaja Munde, MLA and daughter of top BJP leader Gopinath Munde, who was killed in a car crash in June, said the “public sentiment” was for her to occupy the coveted post, state party chief Devendra Fadnavis said “there are no front runners or back runners” in the race.
“I have never staked claim to chief ministership. I had said the work I will do will contribute to the making of a BJP chief minister in Maharashtra and I have done that,” Pankaja, Gopinath Munde’s political heir, said after casting her vote in her Parli constituency in Beed district said.
“But, there was the feeling among people that Munde Saheb should become the CM ... probably I also have his (Munde) blessings... and the public sentiment is also the same, but I have never claimed that I should be the CM,” she said.
Maharashtra BJP president Devendra Fadnavis, considered a favourite for the post by many, however, said, “There are no front runners and back runners. In BJP it is the Legislature Party and Parliamentary Board which decides.”
Mr. Fadnavis, who is said to have the backing of Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah, also defended the party’s decision to project the Prime Minister as BJP’s “face” during the election campaign.
“Modi has the credibility nobody else has. He addressed 27 election rallies, each attended by no less than two lakh people. This means more than 50 lakh people feel directly connected to Modi. No other leader from any party could connect with even ten per cent of that,” he said.

Look out below: Stocks hammered at the openNASDAQ
---
Decliners were one step ahead of advancers on the New York Stock Exchange in the close, with an exchange volume of 1.2 billion and a composite volume of 6.1 billion, the highest in nearly three years.
Just before 2 p.m. ET, volume on the New York Stock Exchange matched "normal" volume for the entire session—3.5 billion shares.
"It's significant because people are truly unloading their positions," JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade, said. "Once we broke that 200-day moving average [people said] let's get out and start over."
Read More Going to be extremely choppy for a while: El-Erian
The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) , widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, cut half its gains after rising as much as 35 percent to trade above 30, its highest level since November 2011.
The U.S. 10-year Treasury note yield dipped below 2 percent for the first time since May 2013, while U.S. economic data was weaker than expected.
In the morning, European stocks closed more than 2 percent lower on Wednesday as investors shunned risky assets on fears of crumbling global growth, weak economic data, and concerns about the political situation in Greece.
"We're probably going to follow the Europe" markets," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital, said. Despite stocks closing in the red, he saw some signs of stability.
"I think investors should take advantage of this selloff," he said.
Kim Forrest, senior equity analyst at Fort Pitt Capital, agreed.
"The correction from the top is giving us room to buy companies that we like," she said. "If you are long-term investor, three to five years, this should not be a concern."
Pisani: Massive volume, somebody buying
CNBC's Bob Pisani reports on panic selling near Wednesday's market open, and what the news AbbVie is rethinking its acquisition of Shire plc has to do with the major moves.
In the United States, transports recovered completely to close up 0.23 percent after a fall of about 2 percent in late morning trade led by a decline in airlines on reports that the new Ebola patient flew the day before falling ill. However, analysts said there were no reports of flight cancellations due to the disease and added that the news had more of a psychological effect.
"Ebola is in the background," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group. "It feeds generally into global growth concerns."
Stocks held to a downward trend after the Fed released its "Beige Book" that said the economy is growing at a "modest to moderate" pace.
In the hour before the close, Wal-Mart fell more than 3 percent on news that the retailer cut its growth guidance.
The reports "helped exaggerate anxieties investors had recently on full valuations," Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott, said. "I think markets are working off technical levels."
Business inventories rose less than expected in August, and U.S. retail sales fell 0.3 percent in September, slightly more than the expected 0.2 percent decline. The producer price index for September fell 0.1 percent as opposed to expectations of a 0.1 percent gain.
"In general the only news the market reacts to now is negative news," Hogan said. Even "economic data is just background noise."
Overall, analysts focused on technicals and didn't think markets were seeing capitulation .
"I think this is just a correction," said Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab. "I'm a long ways from saying we're heading into a bear market."
"The only good stuff is the earnings, but that's backward looking," he said. "We're going to have a pretty solid earnings season."
He added that the pullback would likely cause the Fed to postpone an interest rate hike and that low rates were pressuring financial institutions' profit margins.
Getty Images
Trader on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
U.S. stock index futures lost about 1 percent, with the Dow futures losing more than 150 points, as investors were unnerved by word of another Ebola case diagnosed in the U.S. Also driving futures lower was a major drop in the Greek markets that drove a flight to safety in German bunds, with the 10-year bond trading below 0.8 percent. Other concerns included a deteriorating euro zone economic outlook, fed by another credit rating blow for France, and "free falling" inflation expectations dominated the market.
Read More Greek bond yields pass 7% as worries return
U.S. stocks mostly advanced on Tuesday with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite halting their worst three-day rout since 2011 as investors considered a mixed set of earnings from JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup and Wells Fargo . Intel released positive after-the-bell results and shares of the company gained more than 2 percent in late trading.
Earnings are expected from American Express , eBay and Netflix after the bell.
On tap this week:

At 72 pc before 6 PM  Haryana set to shatter previous pollingAt 72 pc before 6 PM  Haryana set to shatter previous polling
More students to be added for UK scholarship programmeMore students to be added for UK scholarship programme
Improving outlook for Oil IndiaImproving outlook for Oil India
J-K govt approves Rs 71 cr for house collapse repairJ-K govt approves Rs 71 cr for house collapse repair
Film industry chips inUpdated: October 14, 2014 18:04 IST
Film industry chips in
The Hindu Actor Manchu Manoj. Photo: K. Ramesh Babu
The Hindu Actor Ram Charan Tej. Photo:Nagara Gopal
Special arrangement Pawan Kalyan
human interest
Actors contribute for relief fund and facilitative transportation of essentials to Vizag
As news pours in about the devastation faced by Visakhapatnam as the aftermath of Hudhud, Telugu film personalities are stepping forward to do their bit to help. Pawan Kalyan announced that he will be contributing Rs. 50 lakh towards the CM Relief Fund. “I am deeply anguished by the calamity that has swept through Vizag and Uttara Andhra. The plight of lakhs of people who have been destabilised is unimaginable,” said the actor in a statement. “It is in times like these that we should step forward beyond parties and politics and come together as one force to overcome this calamity,” he added. Pawan Kalyan appealed to his fans and supporters to participate in the relief operations.
Actor Ram Charan announced that he will be contributing Rs. 10 lakh towards the CM Relief Fund and Rs. 5 lakh for Ramakrishna Mission for relief work. Allu Arjun and NTR, on their part, are contributing Rs. 20 lakh each. Manchu Manoj, meanwhile, sought support from fans to come forward to take essential supplies to Visakhapatnam. Along with friends like Vennela Kishore, Manoj will be facilitating transportation of supplies of water, packaged food (biscuits, bread and snacks), medicines, bandages, mosquito repellents, candles and matches and sanitary needs. Volunteers interested to help out can call 8008900946/ 48/ 49/ 8885883929/ 7794887555 or email hudhudrelief@gmail.com

Bank credit grew 11% in past yearBank credit grew 11% in past year
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 15, 2014 12:44 AM IST
Credit in the banking system has received a festive boost and surged by 11 per cent in the past one year. Prior to this, bank credit this year since March had been showing a downward trend and slipped to single digits in September 2014. Now, once again credit growth has inched up to double digits from 9.72 per cent recorded at the end of September 19.
In the period ended October 3, bank credit was at Rs 62,69,007 crore from Rs 56,50,107 crore a year ago, up by 11 per cent, suggests Reserve Bank of India data.
On a year-on-year basis, the rate of growth in bank credit in September has been the slowest since June 2011 because of the economic slowdown.
In the past fortnight, credit growth in the banking system has been two per cent.
According to RBI data, over the fortnight ended October 3, bank credit in the system increased to Rs 62,69,007 crore from Rs 61,46,526 crore in the fortnight ended September 19.
Banks had been betting on the festive season for credit growth to pick up. In order to boost growth, lenders have announced various schemes in the festive season to woo customers. These schemes are for retail loans and include discounts on interest rates and processing fees in the auto and home loan space.
Apart from discounts, banks have also increased tie-ups with retailers to boost credit card growth. Typically, banks say that during the festival season, credit card spends typically increase by 20-25 per cent, as compared to the previous quarter.
Apart from the festive season, with the economy showing signs of improvement and the markets also inching up, lenders are hoping that credit demand from the corporate sector may show some improvement in the third and the fourth quarter of this financial year.
Deposits, on the other hand, grew by 13 per cent to Rs 82,89,310 crore at the end of October 3 as compared to a year ago. Over the fortnight also, deposits inched up by two per cent.

Check out the cool new perks Apple employees getApple Employees Are About To Get Some Awesome New Perks
By Lisa Eadicicco | Business Insider –  Thu 2 Oct, 2014 10:23 PM IST
Daniel Goodman/Business Insider Apple employees.
If working at Apple didn't already sound like a dream job, the company is about to roll out a new set of benefits that make its workplace sound even more appealing.
Denise Young Smith, Apple's head of human resources, sent out a memo to employees on Thursday outlining the new additions, Fortune reported . Here's a brief overview of which perks have been updated:
Longer parental leave
Education reimbursements for all classes taken by employees
Subsidized student loan refinancing
A broader donation-matching program
Full acceleration of stock in the event of an employee's death
Young Smith told Fortune that these might not be the first benefits that come to people's minds. But because employees of varying age ranges work at Apple, it's important to make sure the company's benefits program is broad.
She's also making an effort to roll out benefits to hourly employees, too — not just salaried members of the Apple workforce.
As part of the new benefits, expectant mothers can now take up to four weeks before a delivery and 14 weeks after. Non-birth parents now get six weeks of leave.
The new donation-matching program gives Apple employees the opportunity to receive $25 per hour of nonprofit work.
This is all in addition to the other benefits that already exist at Apple, including the "wellness center" located at the company's Cupertino headquarters. There are also a ton of other reasons employees have said they love working at Apple other than the technical benefits, such as the company's excellent work environment, the provided transportation, and even the food on campus.
More From Business Insider

Brent dips below $84  near 4-yr low | Global oil war underwayBrent for November touched a low of $83.37, down $1.67, before rallying to around $84. Brent has now fallen more than 25 per cent in past four months.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Brent crude fell to a fresh 47-month low on Wednesday before recovering to around $84 a barrel, as faltering global growth curbed demand for fuel at a time of heavy oversupply.
Oil saw its biggest daily fall in more than three years on Tuesday after the West's energy watchdog slashed its forecasts for world oil demand for this year and 2015.
Core members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries appear to be focused on fighting for market share rather than on cutting production to shore up prices.
Weak European markets and slowing Chinese inflation added to concerns about global growth, which helped extend the rout.
"The global environment is bearish," said market analyst Olivier Jakob of Petromatrix. "There's broad acceptance by the market that Saudi Arabia is willing to let prices go lower. With the velocity of the drop, definitely you've got people liquidating positions."
Brent for November touched a low of $83.37, down $1.67, before recovering to $83.90 by 1120 GMT. Brent has now fallen more than 25 percent from the year's mid-June peak.
US crude fell $1.30 a barrel to $80.54 after posting its largest fall in a single session in nearly two years on Tuesday. It went down to $80.37 on Wednesday, a 27-month low.
Dealers said technical selling was coming into play, with Wall Street banks scrambling to neutralise exposure to big oil option trades, but the main pressure came from burgeoning global oversupply.
"For as long as OPEC makes no move to tackle this threat of a massive oversupply by reducing production, prices are likely to continue to fall," Commerzbank said in a report. "OPEC producers cannot hope for any reduction in shale oil production in the USin the near future."
Data from the United States suggests no eminent slowing of the boom in shale oil production.
US shale oil production is set to grow by around 106,000 barrels per day in November from October, the US Energy Information Administration said.
On Tuesday, Iran said it could live with lower oil prices, joining the chorus of similar signals from core OPEC members Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
Analysts said the moves signified a willingness to bring prices lower in an effort to curtail supply growth from non-OPEC producers, such as the United States and Russia. But the IEA said on Monday the vast majority of shale oil in the United States was produced at costs far below prevailing crude prices.
Weak economic data has poured in from Europe and Asia over the last month, cutting demand growth expectations.
Germany , Europe's largest economy, has registered a string of negative indicators, sparking talk of a contraction in the third quarter. On Wednesday, data showed that China's consumer inflation slowed more than expected in September to a near five-year low, pointing to broad weakness in the world's second-largest economy
US commercial crude oil inventories were forecast to have increased in the week ended Oct. 10, while refined products likely fell, according to a Reuters poll of analysts.
Industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API) will issue its report later on Wednesday, and the EIA will follow with its weekly data on Thursday. The reports have been delayed a day due to Monday's Columbus Day holiday.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

China expresses concern about India s plan to build road along border in ArunachalYou are here: Home > Collections > Tawang
China expresses concern about India's plan to build road along border in Arunachal
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 03.57PM IST
Tags:
Arunachal Pradesh
(In September, India eased…)
BEIJING: China today sharply reacted to India's plans to construct a road network along the McMohan line in Arunachal Pradesh and expressed hope that India will not take any action which may complicate the situation before a final settlement is reached to end the boundary dispute.
"We still need to verify the specifics. The boundary issue between China and India is left by colonial past. We need to deal with this issue properly," Foreign Ministry Spokesman Hong Lie told a media briefing here.
He was reacting to comments by Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju stating that plans are afoot to construct a road network along the international boundary from Mago-Thingbu in Tawang to Vijaynagar in Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh to match the China's infrastructure development.
"There is a dispute about the eastern part of the China- India border. Before final settlement is reached we hope that India will not take any action that may further complicate the situation," Hong said.
"We should jointly safeguard the peace and tranquillity of the border area and create favourable conditions for the final settlement of the border issue," he said.
India's concerns arise out of extensive road, rail air network developed by China in Tibet which could play pivotal in moving the troops and equipment at a greater speed in the rugged Himalayan region.
Besides extensive highways, China's rail network came close to Sikkim border and Beijing has announced plans to build a new rail network up to Nyingchi which is close to the border of Arunachal Pradesh.
China has build about five airports in the Tibet region. Beijing asserts that the infrastructure development is part of efforts to develop remote parts of Tibet.
China claims Arunachal Pradesh as a part of Southern Tibet and disputes McMohan line.
Chinese position is that the border dispute is confined to 2,000 kms mostly on Arunachal Pradesh where as India asserts that the dispute covered the western side of the border spanning to about 4,000 km.
The two countries have held 17 rounds of Special Representative talks so far to resolve the boundary dispute.
The issue also figured during last month's talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping during his visit to India.
The two leaders agreed to make efforts to resolve the border dispute at the earliest.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Images of Shiva and Ganesh on leggings upset HindusEYE BROWSE
Hindus ask Amazon to stop selling leggings with images of Hindu gods
Rajan Zed, in a statement, said Hindu gods and goddesses were highly revered in Hinduism and were meant to be worshipped in temples or home shrines and not to be worn around one’s legs, crotch and hips.
Yahoo India –  Wed 15 Oct, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: Upset over a line of women leggings carrying images of Hindu gods and goddesses, a Hindu group in the United States has urged online retail giant Amazon to withdraw the product immediately from its website, terming it inappropriate.
President of Universal Society of Hinduism, Rajan Zed, in a statement, said Hindu gods and goddesses were highly revered in Hinduism and were meant to be worshipped in temples or home shrines and not to be worn around one’s legs, crotch and hips.
Inappropriate usage of Hindu deities or concepts for commercial or other agenda was not okay as it hurts devotees, said Zed.
Asking Amazon to offer a formal apology,  Zed further said that such trivialisation of Hindu gods and goddesses was disturbing to the Hindus world over.
Hindus were for free artistic expression and speech as much as anybody else if not more. But faith was something sacred and attempts at trivialising it hurt the followers, Zed added.
Products that have upset Hindus are leggings and waist yoga pant from the clothing brand Yizzam that carry images of Ganesha, Shiva, Brahma, Vishnu, Muruga, Bajrang Bali, Rama, Radha-Krishna, Kali.
Recommend

Credit growth up 11%  but still lags deposit...Credit growth up 11%, but still lags deposits at 13%
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 06.09PM IST
Tags:
credit growth
(After remaining sub-10…)
MUMBAI: After remaining sub-10 per cent for two consecutive fortnights, bank credit grew 11 per cent to Rs 62,69,007 crore for the fortnight ended October 3, according to RBI data.
In the corresponding fortnight last year, bank credit stood at Rs 56,50,107 crore. In the last fortnight, the credit growth rose 9.7 per cent to Rs 61,46,526 crore.
In the reporting period, deposits grew 13.05 per cent to Rs 82,89,310 crore as compared with Rs 73,32,159 crore in the year-ago period.
The demand deposits jumped 15.83 per cent to Rs 7,81,649 crore as of October 3 from Rs 6,74,792 crore in the year-ago period.
Time deposits grew 12.77 per cent to Rs 75,07,668 crore in the period as against Rs 66,57,367 crore in the same period last year.
Meanwhile, tepid credit pick up has been forcing banks to cut pricing of deposits over the past few months. The latest to join the deposit rates was the state-run Central Bank of India which reduced its deposits rates on various maturities in the range of 5-175 basis points.
SBI had earlier lowered deposit rates thrice in the second quarter, while the third largest state-run lender PNB reduced it last week.
Last month, the country's largest lender State Bank had also cut the interest rate on medium-term deposits (one year to less than three years maturity) by 25 basis points to 8.75 per cent and by 25 bps the medium-term deposit in the 180-210 days category to 7.25 per cent.
SBI had also later reduced the short-term deposit rates by 1 percentage point for amount below Rs 1 crore.
Earlier this month, Punjab National Bank had also realigned interest rates on fixed deposits of Rs 1-10 crore by up to 2 per cent. Interest on PNB's term deposits of 7-14 days were increased by 2 per cent to 6 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jan Dhan: LIC  gen insurers asked to finalis...Anoop Wadhwa
(Govt has asked all state-owned…)
MUMBAI: Government has asked all state-owned general insurers and country's largest life insurer LIC to finalise the micro-insurance products to be sold to account holders in the second phase of the Jan Dhan scheme to be rolled out from January 26.
Ministry of Finance, Joint Secretary - insurance, Anoop Wadhwa had reviewed the progress of development of micro-insurance products at a meeting in the national Capital yesterday.
Even though the insurers were asked to start hawking these micro-insurance products only during the Phase-II of the scheme, to be rolled out from January 26 next, the insurers have already started selling such products in small numbers.
"At the meeting, Wadhwa asked all of us to be ready for the formal launch of micro-insurance products as part of the Jan Dhan scheme," United India Insurance Chairman and Managing Director Milind Kharat said.
The meeting was attended by heads of all the state-owned general insurers, except New India which was represented by its general manager Sanath Kumar. LIC was represented by its managing director S B Mainak.
The insurers were asked to aggressively sell 15 micro-insurance products to Jan Dhan beneficiaries. The proposed products include crop cover and personal accident cover.
The scheme, which was unveiled by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on August 28, has already been a success with over 5.5 crore accounts being opened and banks collecting nearly Rs 4,000 crore in deposits since the launch.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt oil subsidy bill to be cut by over 60% ...You are here: Home > Collections
Government oil subsidy bill to be cut by over 60% in FY15
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 07.26PM IST
Tags:
GAIL
(With international oil…)
NEW DELHI: With international oil prices dropping to multi-year lows, government's oil subsidy bill is likely to be slashed by over 60 per cent in the current fiscal.
The government currently controls diesel, domestic LPG and kerosene and prices them at rates below cost. The losses oil firms thus incur are made good by way of cash subsidy and asking upstream oil producers like ONGC to give discounts.
In 2013-14, the government provided Rs 70,772 crore by way of cash subsidy while upstream firms picked up Rs 67,021 crore tab.
With oil prices dropping to four-year low of less than $84 per barrel, the under-recovery or revenue loss arising out of selling diesel, domestic cooking gas (LPG) and kerosene at prices lower than imported cost this fiscal is estimated at Rs 86,080 crore.
This is lower than Rs 1,39,869 crore gross under-recovery last fiscal, industry and government sources said.
Sources said the under-recovery in the first quarter (April-June) was Rs 28,691 crore. This was mostly met by Rs 11,000 crore cash subsidy from the government and Rs 15,547 crore coming from ONGC, Oil India Ltd (OIL) and GAIL . The remaining Rs 2,144 crore was absorbed by fuel retailers (IOC, BPCL and HPCL).
In second quarter, the under-recovery is estimated at Rs 21,198 crore with diesel accounting for Rs 2,848 crore as compared to Rs 9,037 crore in the June quarter. Kerosene under-recovery was Rs 6,950 crore (Rs 7,524 crore in Q1) and LPG was Rs 11,400 crore (Rs 12,129 crore in Q1).
With diesel under-recovery being wiped out last month and fuel retailers in fact making a profit of over Rs 2 a litre, the share of nation's most consumed fuel in overall under-recovery for 2014-15 fiscal will be just Rs 12,189 crore.
Sources said the government has not account the cash subsidy and upstream share for Q2.
While the government had deregulated or freed petrol prices in June 2010, diesel prices have been raised by up to 50 paisa a litre every month since January 2013. The hikes together with a sharp drop in international oil prices have helped wipe out the under-recovery or loss on diesel.
Currently, oil firms are making Rs 2.25-2.50 a litre profit on diesel, which should have been passed to consumers in form of a price cut but the same has been postponed due to assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
Oil firms lose Rs 31.22 a litre on kerosene and Rs 404.64 per 14.2-kg LPG cylinder.
Sources said the government had provided Rs 1,00,000 crore cash subsidy in 2012-13 when under-recoveries touched an all-time high of Rs 1,61,029 crore. In the preceding year, it had provided Rs 83,500 crore.
Upstream firms had chipped in Rs 60,000 crore in 2012-13 and Rs 55,000 crore in 2011-12.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Waving of ISIS flags in Kashmir  merits concern : Lt Gen Subrata Sahaeid
( The waving of ISIS flags…)
SRINAGAR: The waving of ISIS flags in Kashmir is a matter of concern and "deserves the highest attention of the security agencies" so that the Valley youth are prevented from being lured into the ranks of the jihadist organisation, a top Army official said today.
The comments by the General Officer Commanding of the Army's 15 Corps, Lt Gen Subrata Saha , come a day after Chief Minister rubbished the appearance of the jihadist group's flags in the Valley as an act of "some idiots".
Lt Gen. Saha, while noting that the ability of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) to attract a large number of volunteers was a cause of worry, said that concerted efforts have to be made to secure the "right to prosperity" of the youth in the Valley if they were to be kept away from the path of terror.
"The emergence of the ISIS flags (during protests) merits concern and deserves the highest attention of the security agencies to prevent the youth of Kashmir from getting lured (into ISIS)," Saha said.
"The ability of ISIS to attract large number of volunteers is a matter of concern. There are believed to be 10,000 to 15,000 volunteers at present fighting for ISIS. The fanaticism shown by the fighters is also a cause," he added.
A protester was seen waving an ISIS flag last week after Eid prayers whereas in July, too, a similar incident had occurred in the Valley.
Speaking to reporters in Delhi yesterday, Omar had said, "You have to understand that no ISIS group has been identified so far in the Valley. The flag... was waved by some idiots, which does not mean that ISIS has any presence in Kashmir. Unfortunately, some channels have tried to make an issue out of this and drag me into this as if we are not doing anything about it."
Asked about Omar's comments on the matter, Saha said he was "not aware about the contents of the statement made by the Chief Minister".
Saha refused to divulge any information about the presence or absence of ISIS recruits in Kashmir "for obvious reasons", but asserted that media reports about some youths from other parts of the country joining the group were worrisome.
"Media reports have suggested that some youths from Mumbai and Hyderabad had joined ISIS. There was even a report about a Kashmiri-origin youth living somewhere else (Australia) having joined," he said.
In such a scenario, Saha said, security agencies have "to be conscious of any indicators" about the ISIS ideology finding takers in Kashmir as the ISIS ideology "also has a potential of creating sectarian divide".
He said that it cannot be entirely ruled out that there is no movement on the ground about ISIS.
Asked what steps need to be taken to pull youths away from the lure of ISIS, the army officer said that "the biggest counter is to ensure that the youth are positively engaged".
"There have to be concerted efforts to secure the future of the youth... ensure their right to prosperity. Once this is done, they will be dissuaded from the temptations of this propaganda," Saha said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil price crash could crush Vladimir PutinCrashing oil prices could crush Vladimir Putin
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN October 15, 2014: 7:23 AM ET
 
Gas prices drop 50 cents since summer
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Falling oil prices are good for American drivers, but not for Russia.
In early March when Russia first sent troops into Ukraine, oil was trading comfortably above $100 per barrel. Now, it's around $81, a level not seen in three years.
That's a tough pill for Russia to swallow since the country relies heavily on oil revenues to bankroll its budget -- over half of the government's revenues come from oil and gas.
"We're probably getting closer to the point of pain," said Phil Flynn, an energy analyst at the Price Futures Group. "It's definitely putting the squeeze on their balance sheet."
Russia's economy is hurting: However you look at it, Russia is hurting. Its stock market (the Micex Index) has plunged 6% in the last three months, and the Russian Ruble is down 20% against the dollar this year.
The World Bank forecasts anemic Russian economic growth of just 0.5% in 2014 and 0.3% in 2015. A more pessimistic scenario foresees the Russian economy slipping into recession this year and contracting further in 2015 and 2016.
Related: Ruble's headlong plunge shows Russia hurting
So far, no one is cutting back on oil production. American and European energy companies, not to mention the oil rich members of OPEC, are flooding the global market for cheap oil.
To be sure, Russia has over $450 billion in international currency reserves, so it's not anywhere near crisis mode yet. And while its biggest corporations, including government controlled oil company Rosneft and banking giant Gazprombank, are banned from tapping the long term American and European debt markets due to sanctions , they are still cash rich and shouldn't have trouble finding alternative financing.
This week Russia also signed a slew of agreements with China, including a deal to supply the country with natural gas for 30 years starting in 2018.
 
Russia eyes China after Europe snub
Ballooning budget: But there's a chance that depressed oil prices could take a bite out of Russian President Valdimir Putin's ambitious military agenda.
Last month, Russian news agency Itar-Tass reported that military spending by the country will rise by 21% next year. A few weeks later, Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov was quoted by Reuters saying the country "cannot afford" the defense program.
Regardless, Michael Fitzpatrick, a former energy analyst with the Kilduff Report who still actively trades oil futures, doesn't think oil prices have been pushed down enough to substantially eat into Russia's GDP and trickle down to the general population.
Related: Russian hackers exploit Windows to spy on West
"I don't think you're looking at any political or social unrest unless prices go considerably lower," he said.
Making up for lost oil revenue: The government also has a history of seizing assets to bolster the government's control over the energy industry.
Last month, Russian state prosecutors seized an oil company belonging to one of the country's leading oligarchs, Vladimir Evtushenkov. He was placed under house and charged with money laundering when his holding company -- Sistema -- bought the Bashneft oil firm in 2009.
The case has echoes of the Yukos affair a decade ago, when Mikhail Khodorkovsky was thrown in jail and forced to sell most of his oil company Rosneft.
--CNNMoney's Mark Thompson contributed to this report
First Published: October 15, 2014: 7:23 AM ET
Most Popular

High turnout as polling ends in Haryana  MaharashtraHigh turnout as polling ends in Haryana, Maharashtra
Yahoo India –  Wed 15 Oct, 2014
Recommend
New Delhi: High turnout was reported from most areas as voting for 90 assembly seats in Haryana ended Wednesday evening.
The state saw a turnout of nearly 72 percent till 6 p.m., election officials said here.
The officials said that voters were still queued up at polling stations and that the poll percentage would go up. The final polling percentage would be known later.
At least six districts - Kurukshetra, Yamunanagar, Kaithal, Fatehabad, Mewat and Sirsa - recorded over 75 percent polling.
The balloting will decide the fate of 1,351 candidates, including 116 women.
Minor clashes were reported at nearly 10 places between workers of different political parties. Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) workers clashed in Hisar, Sirsa and Jind districts.
Polling ended peacefully in Maharashtra with a little over 55 percent of the state's 8.35 crore voters exercising their franchise for the 288 assembly seats, officials said.
Voting also took place for the lone Lok Sabha by-elections for Beed parliamentary seat amidst tight security.
In Mumbai, around 48 percent of the electorate cast their votes till 5 p.m.
The fate of 4,119 candidates have been sealed in EVMs and now the focus shall be Oct 19 when the counting will take place.
Recommend

Canada offers to partner India in  housing f...Canada offers to partner India in 'housing for all'
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 07.28PM IST
Tags:
canada
(The offer was made by visiting…)
NEW DELHI: Canada today expressed interest in participating in India's ambitious programmes of 'Housing for All' and building 100 'smart cities' and offered its technology in this regard.
The offer was made by visiting Canadian Minister of International Trade Ed Fast during his meeting with Urban Development and Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation Minister Venkaiah Naidu here.
Referring to the proposed scheme of 'housing for all, Ed Fast highlighted Canada's expertise in wood-based housing technology, including in multi-storied construction, which India can consider to meet its ambitious housing targets.
Life span of such houses is about 60 years and is amenable for renewal, he told Naidu.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has highlighted his government's intent to have housing for all by 2022.
In pursuance of this, a Sardar Patel Urban Housing Mission will be launched soon to construct houses through public-private partnership, interest subsidy and increased flow of resources to housing sector.
The housing shortage in India is estimated at 19 million units. Out of this, about 95.6 per cent is estimated to be from economically weaker sections and low-income group households.
The Canadian Minister also made inquiries about other new initiatives in urban sector including building of 100 Smart Cities and infrastructure development in urban areas of the country, said a senior Urban Develpment Ministry official.
He sought to know the clear timelines for execution of these schemes and specific areas requiring technologies and investments, the official added.
Ed Fast said his country is keen to partner India in an appropriate manner in building smart cities.
Offering technology for waste water recycling, Ed Fast said that three of Canada's cities - Toronto, Vancouver and Calgary - figure among the top 10 smart cities of the world.
Venkaiah Naidu gave a detailed account of various initiatives and suggested cooperation in respect of affordable housing, waste water recycling, sanitation and public transport infrastructure in urban areas and building smart cities.
The visiting minister also noted that Canada is impressed by the "new found sense of purpose and vigor" in India under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his country is keen to cooperate with New Delhi in all possible ways, a statement of the Ministry said.
Naidu directed the Secretaries of his two ministries to examine Canada's offers for firming up areas of cooperation before the meeting of Prime Minister with his Canadian counterpart during the forthcoming G-20 Summit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold imports rising on price slide & festive...You are here: Home > Collections > Gold
Country's gold imports rising on price slide & festive demand
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 07.02PM IST
Tags:
Bachhraj Bamalwa
(According to government…)
MUMBAI: Gold imports are estimated to be 95 tonne during September, mainly on account of decline in international prices and due to the ongoing festive season, according to an industry expert.
"The imports of the yellow metal is estimated to be around 95 tonnes during this September. The imports rose mainly due to decline in price in the global markets, which reduced year-on-year by nearly 10-15 per cent. The September imports is a very normal phenomenon as jewellers require stocks to manufacture for the festive season," All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation Director Bachhraj Bamalwa said here.
In September 2013, gold imports stood at around 15-20 tonne, he said.
"There were hardly any imports during September last year due to several restrictions by the government in order to control current account deficit (CAD). That caused a severe stock crunch for the festivals last year," he said.
According to government data, gold imports were at $3.75 billion in September this year compared to $682.5 million in the same month last year.
Bamalwa said the September imports have increased the availability of stocks in the market and this has helped in reducing smuggling.
"The smuggling has gone down to a great extent due to the availability of gold," he said.
Going forward, he said, the last quarter is the most important period for gold imports.
"The jewellers have already manufactured jewelleries of the gold imported during September for the festivals. The money from the sales of these jewelleries will make them buy more gold. So most of the purchase will take place in October and November, which will decline in December. So together in October and November we are expecting gold import of around 150 tonne," he explained.
However, collectively in the last quarter imports are expected to be 170-200 tonne, he said.
In the October-December period imports stood at only 50-60 tonne, he said.
The government increased import duty to 10 per cent from 2 per cent to curb gold imports last year to control the widening CAD , which also contributed towards depreciation of rupee.
The Reserve Bank also introduced 80:20 rule that allowed nominated agencies to import gold on the condition that 20 per cent of the inward shipment will be exported. The permission to import the next lot was given on fulfilment of export obligation.
However, in March this year the RBI allowed more banks, including Axis Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank, to import gold under the 80:20 scheme, easing restrictions on imports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Choose your wedding car wiselyUpdated: October 15, 2014 18:59 IST
Choose your wedding car wisely
PRINCE FREDERICK
cars
The drive together following the nuptial ceremony can be illuminating. It can have life lessons for the couple
How on earth can a wedding car be called a getaway car? How can a getaway car with its images of captives driving away to freedom be associated with this ceremony? Obviously, the wordsmith was taking the short view. He was not thinking beyond the honeymoon.
More significantly, this description of the wedding car is glaringly out of step with wedding traditions. Because, from Alaska to Japan, they are designed to give the ‘willing captives for life’ an idea of what’s in store for them. They prepare a couple for the hard knocks ahead. In other words, for marriage. Through their hand-fasting ritual, the Scots beautifully prepare the newly-weds for their future together. “Forget the idea of having a free hand in anything. Thy hand shall not monopolise the television remote anymore.”
Given all of this, the idea of a wedding car as a getaway machine is a disappointment. In our times, the choice of cars for the ceremony is even more disappointing. There is a trend of expensive luxury cars being hired. Not only in the West, where the wedding car drives a key segment of the rituals, but also in India. It doesn’t matter where, but luxury cars are not cut out for the job. They don’t equip two naïve children for the tough journey ahead.
Take the modern Rolls-Royce cars. They are a synonym for smoothness. Put them on the bumpiest road in the world, and they’ll still give you a smooth drive. It grieves me to think such cars are being hired for weddings. They drive newly-weds into marriage with unhealthy optimism. In my opinion, wedding planners should look at hiring a Ford Model T for the ceremony. The rattling Tin Lizzie will do a great job. In the interest of marriage and society, vintage cars, jalopies actually, should be aggressively promoted as wedding cars.
When a jalopy breaks down, it shows a couple it’s difficult to make the trip together. It tells them they have to be equipped to handle breakdowns along the way. When the engine heats up, it shows them there will be heated arguments. At such times, the best thing to do is to be patient and wait for the tempers to cool down. And then negotiate calmly and wisely. Many of the old cars have a small rear seat and cramped space for the rear passengers. This teaches the couple the need for a sense of proportion. The maximum space in a marriage is reserved only for two people. There is space for others, the children and the extended family. But this has to be the smaller space.
In rural and semi-urban parts of India, Premier Padmini and Premier 118NE cars are placed on wedding duty. These cars are modified, their tops removed. In some of these cars, the rear seat is raised. It’s meant to give wedding guests a clear view of the couple. There is also an esoteric meaning attached to it. Only the couple who occupy the seat will understand it. This is what it is: marriage is a great gift. It unites two people. And naturally, it puts them on a high. And anything that goes up, comes down. The high seat prepares the couple for the inevitable fall. It’s good for them to know there will be a fall. Because, when it comes, they won’t land with a bone-breaking thud.

Dow well off the lows after opening down 350NASDAQ
---
Decliners were one step ahead of advancers on the New York Stock Exchange in the close, with an exchange volume of 1.2 billion and a composite volume of 6.1 billion, the highest in nearly three years.
Just before 2 p.m. ET, volume on the New York Stock Exchange matched "normal" volume for the entire session—3.5 billion shares.
"It's significant because people are truly unloading their positions," JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade, said. "Once we broke that 200-day moving average [people said] let's get out and start over."
Read More Going to be extremely choppy for a while: El-Erian
The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) , widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, cut half its gains after rising as much as 35 percent to trade above 30, its highest level since November 2011.
The U.S. 10-year Treasury note yield dipped below 2 percent for the first time since May 2013, while U.S. economic data was weaker than expected.
In the morning, European stocks closed more than 2 percent lower on Wednesday as investors shunned risky assets on fears of crumbling global growth, weak economic data, and concerns about the political situation in Greece.
"We're probably going to follow the Europe" markets," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital, said. Despite stocks closing in the red, he saw some signs of stability.
"I think investors should take advantage of this selloff," he said.
Kim Forrest, senior equity analyst at Fort Pitt Capital, agreed.
"The correction from the top is giving us room to buy companies that we like," she said. "If you are long-term investor, three to five years, this should not be a concern."
Pisani: Massive volume, somebody buying
CNBC's Bob Pisani reports on panic selling near Wednesday's market open, and what the news AbbVie is rethinking its acquisition of Shire plc has to do with the major moves.
In the United States, transports recovered completely to close up 0.23 percent after a fall of about 2 percent in late morning trade led by a decline in airlines on reports that the new Ebola patient flew the day before falling ill. However, analysts said there were no reports of flight cancellations due to the disease and added that the news had more of a psychological effect.
"Ebola is in the background," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group. "It feeds generally into global growth concerns."
Stocks held to a downward trend after the Fed released its "Beige Book" that said the economy is growing at a "modest to moderate" pace.
In the hour before the close, Wal-Mart fell more than 3 percent on news that the retailer cut its growth guidance.
The reports "helped exaggerate anxieties investors had recently on full valuations," Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott, said. "I think markets are working off technical levels."
Business inventories rose less than expected in August, and U.S. retail sales fell 0.3 percent in September, slightly more than the expected 0.2 percent decline. The producer price index for September fell 0.1 percent as opposed to expectations of a 0.1 percent gain.
"In general the only news the market reacts to now is negative news," Hogan said. Even "economic data is just background noise."
Overall, analysts focused on technicals and didn't think markets were seeing capitulation .
"I think this is just a correction," said Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab. "I'm a long ways from saying we're heading into a bear market."
"The only good stuff is the earnings, but that's backward looking," he said. "We're going to have a pretty solid earnings season."
He added that the pullback would likely cause the Fed to postpone an interest rate hike and that low rates were pressuring financial institutions' profit margins.
Getty Images
Trader on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
U.S. stock index futures lost about 1 percent, with the Dow futures losing more than 150 points, as investors were unnerved by word of another Ebola case diagnosed in the U.S. Also driving futures lower was a major drop in the Greek markets that drove a flight to safety in German bunds, with the 10-year bond trading below 0.8 percent. Other concerns included a deteriorating euro zone economic outlook, fed by another credit rating blow for France, and "free falling" inflation expectations dominated the market.
Read More Greek bond yields pass 7% as worries return
U.S. stocks mostly advanced on Tuesday with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite halting their worst three-day rout since 2011 as investors considered a mixed set of earnings from JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup and Wells Fargo . Intel released positive after-the-bell results and shares of the company gained more than 2 percent in late trading.
Earnings are expected from American Express , eBay and Netflix after the bell.
On tap this week:

Waterbody behind Fort Tughlakabad is contaminated: MoEF to HCWaterbody behind Fort Tughlakabad is contaminated: MoEF to HC
India will stick to its position on food issue at WTO: NirmalaIndia will stick to its position on food issue at WTO: Nirmala
DAVID GRAY / ReutersTom and Jerry’s new racism warning on Amazon Prime .
Uh, Tim, We Blew Our Budget on U2, but There’s This Great Cover Band in Los Gatos …
Apple has a few more new products to unveil before the year is out, and it plans to show them off in a couple weeks. Sources tell Code/red the company will hold its next special event on Thursday, Oct. 16 — not the 21st . Headlining the gathering: The latest updates to its iPad line, along with that hi-res iMac 9to5Mac told us about earlier this week . Also: OS X Yosemite. Given the breadth and spectacle of Apple’s September event, this one will be a more laid-back affair held at the company’s Town Hall Auditorium in Cupertino, without any mysterious white structures and awkward one-song concerts . Apple declined comment.
E.C. Favs Facebook’s WhatsApp Deal
Facebook’s $19 billion acquisition of the Internet messaging service WhatsApp will soon be a done deal. On Friday, the European Commission gave it the green light , despite the objections of some telecom operators who fear it could harm their mobile messaging businesses. The E.C.’s approval follows a similar decision by U.S. antitrust authorities in April and is the final step before the acquisition can close. Worth noting: The E.C. punted on reviewing the possible privacy implications of the deal. “The commission analyzed potential data concentration issues only to the extent that it could hamper competition in the online advertising market,” it said . “Any privacy-related concerns flowing from the increased concentration of data within the control of Facebook as a result of the transaction do not fall within the scope of E.U. competition law.”
Report: Google X Building Best Legos Ever
The Wall Street Journal : “Google’s secretive advanced-projects lab is developing a display composed of smaller screens that plug together like Legos to create a seamless image, according to three people familiar with the project.”
Point/Counterpoint: Neener-neener vs. Ha-Ha
Apple CEO Tim Cook : “At Apple, we believe a great customer experience shouldn’t come at the expense of your privacy. We don’t build a profile based on your email content or Web browsing habits to sell to advertisers. … And we don’t read your email or your messages to get information to market to you.”
Google Chairman Eric Schmidt : “Someone didn’t brief him correctly on Google’s policies. It’s unfortunate for him. We have always been the leader in security and encryption. Our systems are far more secure and encrypted than anyone else, including Apple. They’re catching up, which is great.”
Leonardo DiCaprio Won’t Ruin Steve Jobs Movie
Leonardo DiCaprio won’t be playing Steve Jobs in the Aaron Sorkin/Danny Boyle biopic of the Apple co-founder.
Pretty Sure It Was Equally Clear When You Were Conducting the Study
Facebook CTO Mike Schroepfer on a company research effort that manipulated the news feeds of nearly a million users: “It is clear now that there are things we should have done differently.”
Time for a Tour of Apple’s Facial Hair-Yanking Lab?
Chad Coleman : “Anyone else getting beard hairs pulled by the iPhone 6/Plus? It catches my scruff in the seam and yanks it during calls. #hurts #beardgate”
PETA Insists App Change Its Name to EscapeGoat
Corrina Laughlin, Vice : “ eScapegoat gives people a field in which to write a sin in less than 120 characters. It then anonymizes the sin and tweets it out. In 2013, the eScapegoat tweeted over 8,500 sins. This year, over 6,800 people have participated thus far. On Friday, when Yom Kippur starts, the eScapegoat team will symbolically kill the goat and all of the tweets will disappear into the digital wilderness.”
Off Topic
The worst cat : “Why is it so MOIST? This is a terrible cat.”
Thanks for reading. Send tips, comments and facehugger $5 bills to John@recode.net , @johnpaczkowski . Subscribe to the Code/red newsletter here .

Former Google executive joins Xiaomi in IndiaFormer Google executive joins Xiaomi in India
PTI  New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 00:34 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:44 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
Smartphone maker Xiaomi has roped in former Google executive Jai Mani to head its products team in India, where the Chinese company is competing with global and domestic firms for a slice of the multi-billion smartphone market.
In a blogpost, Xiaomi global vice president Hugo Barra said Mani has just joined the Mi India team as lead product manager.
"Jai has relocated all the way from San Francisco to Bangalore and hit the ground running on his first day, co-hosting a Mi fan meet-up with his partner-in-crime Rohit Ghalsasi," he added.
Barra, who himself is a former Google employee, said Android fans would remember Jai from his "memorable on-stage demo performances at Google I/O and Nexus launches".
According to Mani's LinkedIn profile, he had been a Google Play Strategy and Analytics associate before he co-founded a start-up.
Xiaomi, which is a relatively new player in the multi-billion smartphone market in the country, sells its products in India exclusively through e-commerce website Flipkart.com.
Apart from global giants like Samsung and Nokia, Xiaomi also competes with domestic players like Micromax and Karbonn as well as other Chinese companies like Oppo and Gionee.
So far, it has launched two devices in the Indian market - Mi3 and Redmi 1S.

China likes capitalism more than U.S.The Chinese like capitalism more than Americans
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong October 14, 2014: 10:21 AM ET
Atlas holds up the world in a statue in front of Rockefeller Center in New York City.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The United States may be the poster child for capitalism, but people living in China, India and Vietnam are bigger believers in the free market than Americans.
Pew Research surveyed people living in 44 different countries this spring. They asked a simple question: Do you agree with the following statement: "Most people are better off in a free market economy, even though some people are rich and some are poor."
Worldwide, two-thirds of those surveyed agreed, giving capitalism a thumbs up.
But the results get more interesting at the country level. In the U.S., 70% agreed that the free market is the way to go. Compare that to China (76% agree), India (72%) and South Korea (78%).
Vietnam dwarfed everyone though, with a whopping 95% in favor of capitalism.
The results are somewhat surprising for China given that the communist government has presided over a decade of incredible economic growth of over 7% a year.
"We've seen widespread support [in China] for the free market since 2002 when we began asking this question there," says Katie Simmons, a senior researcher at Pew. "They've consistently been one of the highest countries."
Simmons notes that China has enacted numerous reforms to open up the country's economy since the 1970s.
This latest Pew " global attitudes " survey shows that developing nations overall are more optimistic about the economy and the future than people living in developed countries. Parts of Europe are growing especially pessimistic.
Related: What does it take to get ahead around the world?
About half the population in both Spain and Greece no longer think the free market is the ideal. In fact, Spain, which still has an unemployment rate close to 25%, saw the largest drop in support for capitalism since 2007. The financial crisis and sluggish recovery have chipped away at support for capitalism.
The results for both China and the U.S. stayed almost exactly the same as the 2007 survey.
But the biggest doubters of capitalism among the 44 countries Pew polled can be found in Argentina. Only a third of those surveyed agreed with the statement that the free market system is best.
Argentina has struggled with price spikes for basic goods and several defaults on the nation's bond payments.
First Published: October 13, 2014: 1:37 PM ET
Most Popular

Brahma Kamalam in full bloom at TirupatiToday's Paper » NATIONAL » ANDHRA PRADESH
TIRUPATI, October 13, 2014
‘Brahma Kamalam’ in full bloom at Tirupati
A.D. Rangarajan
Tweet
‘Brahma Kamalam’ at a home in Varadaraja Nagar in Tirupati. —Photo: K.V. Poornachandra Kumar
‘Brahma Kamalam’ made a surprising appearance in the Bonsai garden of Lakshmi Bharathi, a resident of Varadaraja Nagar in Tirupati on Saturday night.
The blossoming of the flower is a rare event, given the fact that it is believed to be endemic to the Himalayan region. However, it is nothing new to Ms. Bharathi, a member of the Bonsai Club, as the flower did bloom in her courtyard on October 10, 2007.
The sapling was given much earlier to her by a priest at Kedarnath temple during her Himalayan yatra. The flower did not bloom for several years in spite of her best efforts to nurture it, make her lose hope. “But one day in 2007, it was suddenly in full bloom. After that, it blossomed only now,” Ms. Bharathi told The Hindu . The snow white flower has a sweet fragrance and is known to grow only in the pure water and pristine environment at the Himalayas. “We pour water purified through Reverse Osmosis technology to this plant,” she added. The rare flower is drawing neighbours and strangers alike to her courtyard.

Samsung launches Galaxy Note 4 in India for Rs. 58 300NEW DELHI, October 14, 2014
Updated: October 14, 2014 19:04 IST
Samsung launches Galaxy Note 4 in India for Rs. 58,300
Yuthika Bhargava
PTI Bollywood actress Gul Panag with Asim Varsi, VP, Mobile; IT, Samsung India and SK Kim (R), MD, Sales, Samsung India during the launch of Galaxy Note 4 and Gear S phones in New Delhi on Tuesday.
TOPICS
science and technology
Korean handset maker Samsung on Tuesday launched the Galaxy Note 4, its most expensive device in the country, at about Rs. 58,300. The device was unveiled last month in Berlin at the IFA Electronics show.
The previous generation Note 3 is retailing at about Rs. 38,900 onwards, while the company’s flagship Galaxy 5S is selling for about Rs. 36,000.
“The Galaxy Note 4 is an example of Samsung's commitment to deliver iconic and differentiated products. The Note 4 is innovation with the combination of an enhanced S Pen, large and vivid display and superior productivity features to provide the most refined Galaxy experience to our customers,” Samsung India VP (Mobile and IT) Asim Warsi said.
The phablet has been launched just ahead of Diwali and is expected to compete with Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which will be available October 17 onwards.
The Galaxy Note 4 features a 5.7-inch quad HD Super AMOLED display, 3GB RAM and 32GB internal memory (expandable further). It has a 16MP rear camera and 3.7 MP front camera.
The Note 4 comes with an enhanced S Pen to serve as the primary interface for routine tasks. It offers a much more authentic pen-like experience. It also features a fast-charging technology to charge the the battery from 0 per cent to 50 per cent in 30 minutes.
The company also launched it Gear S smartwatch, priced at Rs. 28,900, which features 512 MB RAM and 4 GB internal memory. It has also unveiled the Gear Circle, a neckband to help control calls/music for about Rs. 8,500.

Thomas Cook mulls entry into payment bank routeThomas Cook mulls entry into payment bank route
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai Oct 15, 2014 12:46 AM IST
Tour operator Thomas Cook, also one of the country’s largest foreign exchange dealers, has evinced interest in setting up a payment bank, to grow its financial services business.
In July, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had released draft norms for opening of “niche banks”, such as payment banks and small banks. A new idea, as only universal banking licences have been granted till date. A payment bank, suggests the draft norms, will offer remittance services but are barred from offering loans. It can accept a deposit of Rs 100,000 from one account holder and will be eligible for deposit insurance.
However Thomas Cook said it is yet to take a decision on setting up a payment bank. “Thomas Cook India is keen on exploring viable opportunities in the payment space and once final guidelines are received from RBI, we will review the potential, keeping in view our strategic plans,” said Mahesh Iyer, its chief operating officer (foreign exchange).
The central bank is expected to issue final guidelines on payment banks and small banks in a month.
The minimum capital requirement for setting up such an entity had been proposed at Rs 100 crore. RBI had said it would assess the “fit and proper” status of applicants on the basis of past record of sound credentials and integrity, financial soundness and successful record of at least five years in running their businesses.
Thomas Cook has been in India since 1881 and has a national network of own offices, travel stores and franchisees to sell its travel products and foreign exchange. It is engaged in the retail and wholesale forex business, remittances and export of foreign currency notes. Thus, it can leverage both expertise and network for a banking venture.
In its 2013 annual report, Thomas Cook said it handles 1.6 million forex transactions annually and is one of the largest exporters of bank notes globally. Forex contributes about 44 per cent of its stand-alone revenue.
Last year, Fairfax Financial Holdings bought a 73 per cent stake in Thomas Cook India and the company has been looking to grow and diversify its business, both through organic and inorganic routes.
While issuing the proposed norms, RBI had said non-banking  finance companies, mobile operators, and supermarket chains were among those eligible to set up such banks, provided the companies met the apex bank Reserve Bank of India’s governance and share capital criteria.

FB  Apple pay to freeze workers  eggsFacebook, Apple pay to freeze employees' eggs
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney October 14, 2014: 4:50 PM ET
 
Facebook, Apple: We will pay to freeze your eggs
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Facebook and Apple are telling their female employees: We will pay to freeze your eggs.
Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) is already covering the procedure as part of its insurance benefits, the company said. Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) plans to offer coverage starting in January, according to report by NBC News .
The relatively new practice of freezing eggs allows women to put their fertility on hold so they can still have children later in life.
It's an unusual "perk" and the technology giants appear to be the first major employers to offer such coverage for non-medical reasons.
Egg freezing allows women to focus on advancing their careers during peak childbearing years without sacrificing their fertility.
But some critics argue that companies are encouraging women to put work ahead of motherhood.
Related: Microsoft CEO to women: Not asking for a raise is 'good karma'
The cost of freezing eggs typically adds up to at least $10,000 for each round of treatment, plus $500 or more annually for storage, according to NBC News. Doctors often recommend women freeze at least 20 eggs, which can require two rounds of the procedure.
Facebook, which introduced the benefit in January, covers all eligible fertility treatments up to a maximum of $20,000.
While using frozen eggs does not always result in pregnancy, success rates have been improving.
NBC says fertility doctors have reported a "surge" in demand for egg freezing since the American Society of Reproductive Medicine lifted the "experimental" label from the procedure in 2012.
"Over last several years its become very popular," said Dr. Elizabeth Fino, a professor at the NYU Langone Fertility Center. She said about a third of the patients at her clinic are doing "fertility preservation."
While the success rate varies greatly with age, Fino said the probability of a batch of frozen eggs, or a cycle, resulting in a pregnancy is 40 to 50% for women under 35.
Fertility experts don't advocate delaying pregnancy unnecessarily, but Fino said many women are now postponing pregnancy for career reasons or because they haven't found a partner, and egg freezing is a safe and effective way for them to still have children.
Related: 5 questions on egg freezing
Fertility doctors say the best time for a woman to freeze her eggs is when she is in her 20s and 30s. Younger eggs have a better chance of withstanding the freezing process and increase the chances of creating a baby.
Egg freezing is seen as an elective procedure and is not covered by most insurance policies. However, it has long been covered for women who undergo some sort of medical procedure that causes them to become infertile, such as some forms of chemotherapy.
Related: Apple: mostly men, mostly white
The new benefit comes as many big technology firms have been taking steps to increase diversity among the male-dominated ranks of Silicon Valley.
Apple released statistics last month showing that 70% of the company's 98,000 worldwide employees are male. The figure jumps to 72% for leadership roles and 80% for technical positions.
Facebook's chief operating officer, Sheryl Sandberg , is a leading voice exhorting women to take a leading role in the workforce. But the company's diversity statistics are a reflection of the rest of Silicon Valley. Nearly 70% of Facebook's global staffers are male. A full 85% of the company's tech workers, and 77% of its management team, are also men.
Apple did not immediately responded to requests for confirmation.
First Published: October 14, 2014: 11:13 AM ET
Most Popular

Scandal in Brazil - do they careSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Asias problems: look close to homeSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Google Thinks Amazon Is Its Biggest CompetitorAmazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos, left, and executive chairman of Google Eric Schmidt.
Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by David Ryder/Getty Images and Jessica Rinaldi/Reuters.
Google and Amazon didn’t always seem like competitors—Google is in the business of selling of ads, Amazon in the business of delivering goods. Lately, though, those businesses have converged. The first way this is happening is simple: Google is getting into the market for on-demand goods. It launched a same-day delivery service, Google Shopping Express , in the Bay Area in 2013 and expanded it to customers in Manhattan and West Los Angeles in May. On Monday, Google announced that its service is rolling out to Chicago, Boston, and Washington with a shorter name ( Google Express ), a more colorful logo, and a newly defined pricing plan.
Alison Griswold
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.
Google is making same-day delivery on Google Express available for three different prices: a flat rate of $4.99 per order, a monthly membership fee of $10, or an annual membership fee of $95. These numbers are hardly incidental—$95 is a shade cheaper than the $99 fee for a yearlong membership on Amazon Prime and significantly less than the $299 fee for Amazon Prime Fresh , a same-day delivery service for groceries and other “eligible orders” more than $35 on Amazon. (Amazon's same-day delivery option is also available in 14 cities to Prime members for a flat $5.99 fee.)
The two services have some differences. Google's is exclusively for delivery, while benefits for members of Amazon Prime include unlimited music and video streaming from Amazon's collections and one free Kindle rental a month. Google also doesn't have its own massive warehouses like Amazon does, but instead works with local merchants (Barnes & Noble, Fairway, PetSmart, Staples, Walgreens, and Target, to name a few) to gather and deliver goods to customers. You're less likely to find a same-day delivery-ready molecular model set on Google Express, but for everyday needs like groceries and toiletries, the two services are fairly comparable.
Google Express might not be about delivery—it might be about protecting Google’s core business.
Advertisement
So delivery is one area where Google and Amazon have collided. But in the second realm—search—it's a little less obvious. In a speech at the headquarters of Native Instruments in Germany on Monday, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt made this comment: “Many people think our main competition is Bing or Yahoo. But really, our biggest search competitor is Amazon.”
“People don't think of Amazon as search,” Schmidt continued, “but if you are looking for something to buy, you are more often than not looking for it on Amazon. They are obviously more focused on the commerce side of the equation, but at their roots, they are answering users' question and searches, just as we are.”
What this means is that Google Express might not really be about delivery first and foremost—instead, it might be about protecting the company’s core business by giving people another reason to stay on Google for their Internet searches. Here's how Re/code's Jason Del Rey explains it :
Each time someone searches for a product on Amazon instead of Google, the search giant loses a chance to serve up advertisements along with the search results. And advertisements, not toothpaste delivery, is still Google’s big business.
Google is afraid of becoming the middleman that gets cut out. “Research by the Forrester group found that last year almost a third of people looking to buy something started on Amazon—that's more than twice the number who went straight to Google,” Schmidt noted in his speech. Others head directly to Kayak for airline bookings, Airbnb for short-term rentals, and Yelp for restaurant information. Each of those searches is one less that Google can use for serving up ads.
Schmidt says that Amazon is Google's biggest search competitor; then again, since search is the biggest driver of Google's business, a challenge to that model could by extension be the biggest threat to Google. Facebook is arguably another important competitor in terms of mobile advertising—a constant headache to Google , with its plunging cost-per-click prices. But Google as a whole still dwarfs Facebook.
Amazon and Google don't have the same business or the same vision. Amazon Prime and Google Express, for all their overlap, aren't the same service, either. But their similarities are getting more similar and their differences less different. As Schmidt put it to his audience: “In tech, competition isn't always like-for-like.”

Stock market scare: 3 key numbers to watchStock market scare as Dow drops 460 points
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong October 15, 2014: 4:08 PM ET
 
Markets go for a wild ride
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
It's another "look out below" day in the stock market.
The Dow plunged as much as 460 points Wednesday afternoon before pulling back a bit, although a 173 point loss isn't anything to cheer. There wasn't an obvious trigger. Ebola and Europe's sour economy are clearly worrying. Earnings have been so-so, and retail sales data out this morning was disappointing.
October has been a brutal month, erasing most of the 2014 stock market gains. The Dow is negative for the year, and CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index is showing extreme fear.
Most investors are better off not obsessing about the day to day market moves.
But if you're keeping an eye on the numbers, here are three critical stats to watch. There is no "magic number" that triggers a sell-off, but these indicators would be big red flags.
1. We're near a correction, but not there yet
Only a month ago, the S&P 500 index closed at an all-time high of 2,011. At its worst point on Wednesday, the index was down around 9.5% since that September high. That's rough, but it's not quite the 10% drop that would constitute a true correction, let alone the 20% drop that would signal a bear market.
Related: Stocks should fall more. Corrections are normal
Keep an eye on this number: 1,810. If the S&P 500 slips below that, we're in a correction. As of Wednesday afternoon, the S&P is hovering around 1,860.
(For those who like numbers, at the nadir of the financial crisis in March 2009, the S&P 500 closed below 700).
2. Volatility is back: It's getting windy, but not quite gale force wind levels
The VIX volatility index is currently at about 23.
Most days the stock market moves a little bit higher or lower. For instance, the S&P 500 moved less than 0.2% on Tuesday. But since the end of October, the stock market has had numerous "wild swings" where it shifts more than 1% (or even more than 2% in some cases).
Related: Is it time to exit stocks?
That's referred to as volatility. The VIX Index is the main measure of volatility. It has spiked about 80% in the past month -- a huge jump. The VIX was all over the place on Wednesday, but settled around 26. That's a lot higher than the 12 to 13 it was at a month ago.
But the unofficial alarm bell is when the VIX hits the 30 mark. It crossed that line briefly Wednesday before falling back.
3. Investors are putting money into bonds. It's debatable whether it's a 'freak out'
When investors get scared, they don't run to mom, they run to bonds, especially U.S. government bonds. The yield on the 10-year Treasury is a good indicator of just how many people are seeking the safe arms of the bond market.
When the yield falls, you know people are gobbling up bonds.
In the middle of September, the yield on the 10-year Treasury was around 2.6%. On Tuesday it was at 2.2%. That's a quick drop, but the real indicator of a meltdown would be for the yield to drop to 2% or even below.
Sure enough, on Wednesday, the yield fell below that mark several times, although it ended the day above 2.1%.
Dropping below that "magic two" number isn't unheard of . It happened in early 2013 and in 2012 when Europe was in the midst of a debt crisis and America's economic recovery was looking uncertain.
Market jitters are clearly back, but we're not quite in a "correction" yet.
Editor's note: This story was updated Wednesday at 3:45pm ET.
First Published: October 14, 2014: 5:38 PM ET
Most Popular

Haryana elections: Voting begins at 7am for 90 Assembly seatsMagnus Carlsen says keeping focus versus Anand was a struggle
Amid tight security, polling commenced in all the 90 Assembly seats at 7am and would continue till 6pm to decide the fate of 1,351 candidates. Photo: PTI
Chandigarh: Haryana was heading towards registering an all-time record high turnout, with over 72% voters having cast their votes shortly before close of polling at 6 pm.
In 1967, maximum polling of 72.65% had taken place while in 1968 minimum polling of 57.26% was registered. In 2009 polls, 72.37 per cent polling was recorded.
According to tentative figures available with the election department, over 72% of the 1.63 crore voters had cast their vote so far.
“More than 72% voters had cast their votes when the polls were drawing to close. However, the final percentage figure was likely to go up as voters were still inside polling stations and all figures were being compiled,” Haryana’s chief electoral officer, Shrikant Walgad told PTI.
The election department officials said that those voters who had entered the polling station by 6 pm will also be allowed to cast their vote.
Close to 6 pm, places including Fatehabad district (78%), Hisar (73%), Jind (75%), Kaithal (79%), Kurukshetra (78%), Mewat (76%), Rohtak (70%) and Yamunanagar (79%) had witnessed healthy voter turnout.
However, at places including Faridabad district (57%), Gurgaon (64%) and Panchkula (66%), the polling was not that high.
Amid tight security, polling commenced in all the 90 assembly seats at 7 am to decide the fate of 1,351 candidates. Counting of votes will take place on October 19.
Over 1.63 crore voters including over 87 lakh women were eligible to cast their vote in the polls, in which stakes are high for ruling Congress, BJP and INLD.
Similarly, in Vidhan Sabha Elections 1972 in Haryana total percentage of polling was 70.46%.
In 1977 the total polling percentage was 64.6%, 69.87 in 1982, in 1987 total polling percentage was 71.24%, in 1991, it was 65.86%, 70.54% in 1996, 69.01% in 2000 and 71.96% in 2005. In the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, the voter turnout for all the 10 Lok Sabha seats in Haryana, where elections were held in April, was registered at 71.86%.

Pak violates ceasefire again in J-K  fires along LoC in PoonchComments
Pakistani troops again violated the ceasefire on Wednesday by resorting to mortar shelling and firing along the LoC in Poonch district.
Villagers show mortar shell marks on a wall after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers at a residential area. (PTI Photo)
There was firing from across the border along LoC in Saujian sector of Poonch district on Wednesday morning, Senior Superintendent of Police, Poonch, Shamsher Hussain told PTI.
Pakistani troops also targeted forward areas in Kirni and Shahpur belts, he said, adding there was no injury to anyone in the cross-border firing.
A defence spokesperson said the troops retaliated to the Pakistani firing.
"There was no loss of life," he said. Divisional Commissioner, Jammu Zone, Shant Manu said on Wednesday that "there has been no firing by Pakistan along the IB in the past few days. It is calm."
He, however, said that firing by Pakistan is going on along the LoC in Saujian belt of Poonch.
The IB and LoC in Jammu region have witnessed heavy firing and mortar shelling by Pakistani troops since October one which has left eight persons dead and over 94 injured, including 13 security men.
Besides nearly 30,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.

Is this Nobel Pointing out Malala  Satyarthi s religionprint
Children's right activist Kailash Satyarthi is surrounded by media at his office in New Delhi. (Reuters Photo)
When Malala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi were jointly awarded the Nobel Peace Prize last week, Pakistan got its second Nobel laureate and India its eighth. The two countries, locked in dispute since 1947, were symbolically bonded by the award in a time of cross-border firing and retaliation.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee announced Malala and Satyarthi were awarded because of their "struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education. Children must go to school and not be financially exploited".
The same statement stated , "The Nobel Committee regards it as an important point for a Hindu and a Muslim, an Indian and a Pakistani, to join in a common struggle for education and against extremism."
"… a Hindu and a Muslim, an Indian and a Pakistani"!
The Nobel Peace Prize has a history of being jointly awarded to people from nations locked in conflict, but never has such stress been laid on the religious identity of the recipients.
When the 1994 Nobel Peace Prize was shared by Yasser Arafat (the Palestinian leader), Shimon Peres (the then Israeli foreign minister, and President of Israel from 2007 to 2014) and Yitzhak Rabin (the then Prime Minster of Israel), there was no categorical mention of the religion they professed.
 
They were two Israelis and a Palestinian working towards peace in the region.
 
Same was the case in 1978 when the prize was awarded to Anwar al-Sadat, the then President of Egypt, and Menachem Begin, the then Prime Minister of Israel. Also, the religious beliefs of neither Henry Kissinger, the American diplomat, nor Le Duc Tho, the Vietnamese revolutionary and politician, were highlighted by the Nobel Committee while awarding the 1973 Nobel Peace Prize.
On the pronouncement of the religions of the awardees by the Nobel Committee, the Economic Times said , "If being Hindu or Muslim mattered in opposing this backwardness [oppression of children], Einstein's Jewishness should be relevant in his formulation of the theory of relativity, and Ronald Ross' Christian devotion, in his identification of the mosquito as the vector carrying malaria."
While many journalists have referred to this profiling as a clear indication of the broader statements that the prize meant to make - "a highly symbolic push to end a decades-old rivalry between the nuclear-armed nations", as the Hindustan Times noted ,  some like senior journalist Shekhar Gupta, took a contrary view.
Gupta tweeted, "Great choice on #NobelPeacePrize but why that "Hindu-Muslim" line? Gratuitous, silly profiling of subcontinent. What if Kailash was a Muslim?"
Indeed, though the political significance of mentioning the nationalities of the two laureates is quite understandable in the larger perspective of international relations and foreign policy issues, the purpose of the religious profiling is unclear.
How does the disclosure that the laureate from India is a follower of Hinduism make any difference? Satyarthi is an indomitable campaigner for child rights - pushing for their education and fighting against child trafficking and bonded labour. He has never fought under the banner of a religious organisation, nor has his religious affiliation, whatsoever it is, ever meddled with his social work.
 
Journalist Ellen Barry reports in the New York Times that right from his formative years, Satyarthi had taken to Marxism. Marxism and religion are not known to go hand in hand.
Moreover, India is a secular nation with around 14% Muslims (2001 census), which is almost equal to the Muslim population in Pakistan, according to the demographic study by the Pew Research Centre.
In the same way, profiling Malala as a 'Muslim from Pakistan' somehow appears to be a rather myopic description of the valiant girl.
According to findings by the UNESCO, girls make up the majority of the world's 61 million out-of-school children and they are less likely than boys to enter primary school.
 
The UNESCO also notes , "Women represent two thirds of the world's 775 million illiterates. Despite making breakthroughs in higher education, women still account for just 29 per cent of researchers." 
Thus, the cause of women's right to education, which Malala champions, is of paramount importance, irrespective of her religious and even regional identity. Misogynistic trends are evident in many a strain of religious fundamentalism and women's issues haven take a back seat in many government policies - Malala stands against all of that, and not merely the oppression by Islamic fundamentalists in the Swat Valley.
The Nobel Committee's declaration stressing on the religious identities might be a reflection of how the Western narrative of the sub-continent goes.
"It is a reflection of the way some well-meaning but largely ignorant people in the West see us - the colonial notion of 'two nations', Hindu and Muslim," says novelist and poet Tabish Khair, who teaches English literature at the University of Aarhus in Denmark.
"They are not very conscious of it, but it is there at the back of their view of us, and it has a long colonial history. Hence, they highlight it unintentionally at times."

Uncertain global outlook may impact IndiaUncertain global outlook may impact India
Ishan Bakshi | New Delhi Oct 16, 2014 11:50 PM IST
Six years after the financial crisis of 2008, global economic growth continues to be anaemic. In its latest World Economic Outlook, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has scaled down its estimate of growth in global gross domestic product this year from 3.4 per cent to 3.3 per cent.
The report, however, painted a few bright spots — among developed countries, the US was showing signs of strength, while among emerging economies, India appeared on the upswing, the IMF said.
Though the IMF has raised its growth estimate for India this year from 5.4 per cent to 5.6 per cent, there are several caveats. An immediate risk is the possibility of higher interest rates in the US, owing to strong growth and a fall in unemployment numbers in that country. While stronger growth in the US is good for the global economy, higher yields may lead to capital outflows from emerging economies such as India.
The last time the US Federal Reserve hinted at raising rates, the rupee plunged. In the past, countries that were impacted the most had high current account and fiscal deficits, as well as high inflation. While India has made considerable progress on these fronts since then, ambiguity remains on whether the clawback of liquidity by the US Fed will be balanced out by liquidity injections by the European Central Bank (ECB) and the Bank of Japan, which are embarking on various versions of quantitative easing programmes to stimulate their depressed economies.
Madan Sabnavis, chief economist at CARE Ratings, says, “Higher interest rates in the US are likely to impact flows, especially to Indian debt markets. But this might be balanced by liquidity injections from the ECB, as India still offers higher returns.”
A consequence of these divergent monetary policies is the likely strengthening of the dollar, which will exert downward pressure on commodities. This will benefit India by lowering the cost of imported oil, reducing its current account and fiscal deficits.
While the fact that the IMF raised its estimate of growth in India is based on the assumption of stronger exports and investments, its estimate of global trade growth was slashed from 4.9 per cent in October 2013 to 3.8 per cent, indicating sluggish demand. Aditi Nayar, senior economist at ICRA, says, “Sluggish growth in various advanced economies such as the Euro Zone and Japan suggests a muted outlook for Indian exports to these geographies in the remainder of this financial year. However, a relatively optimistic growth outlook for the US should support demand for Indian exports.”
Economist Eswar Prasad, with his co-authors, wrote on the Brookings website, “India’s growth prospects have improved in recent months, but are likely to remain muted in the absence of broad-ranging structural reforms.”
Nayar says, “A revival in economic growth, led by investment in infrastructure and other sectors, is likely to prove more durable than a pick-up in consumption demand, as the latter might reignite inflationary pressures.” While a project management group has cleared projects worth $105 billion, bank credit offtake continues to remain low, signalling poor demand from companies. Also, recent trends in the Index of Industrial production suggest the incipient recovery isn’t broad-based.

Jimmy Johns Makes Its Employees Sign a Ridiculous Non-Compete AgreementDon't even think about Subway.
Photo by Wystan via Flickr
Jimmy John's must think it knows an awful lot about the art of the sandwich, because it's doing its utmost to keep employees from taking their sandwich-making skills elsewhere. According to a noncompete clause the Huffington Post dug up, Jimmy John's makes low-wage employees such as sandwich-makers and delivery drivers agree not to work for competing establishments for two years after leaving the company. Noncompetes tend to be used with managers or high-ranking employees with inside information about the business, but it's not even the strangest part of this situation. The strangest part would be Jimmy John's definition of a competitor.
According to the noncompete clause, employees must agree that for two years after leaving Jimmy John's, they will "not have any direct or indirect interest in or perform services for ... any business which derives more than ten percent (10%) of its revenue from selling submarine, hero-type, deli-style, pita and/or wrapped or rolled sandwiches and which is located within three (3) miles of either [their current place of employment] or any such other Jimmy John's Sandwich Shop." The clause, which has come up because of a lawsuit filed against Jimmy John's this summer, has drawn criticism from employees for being broad and "oppressive." Kathleen Chavez, the lawyer representing employees in the case, told HuffPo that the terms of the noncompete would prevent a former Jimmy John's employee from working in 6,000 square miles in 44 states and Washington, D.C.
Advertisement
Rules on noncompete agreements vary by state, but generally such clauses are considered enforceable only when they are appropriately narrow and designed to protect a legitimate business interest. California, which is particularly in favor of competition and the employee's right to change jobs, has a blanket rule that noncompetes are unenforceable. Since Jimmy John's clause is so broad and seems to have little or no vital business justification behind it (what state secrets do those sandwiches contain?), it's likely to be considered unenforceable pretty much anywhere. That said, an unenforceable clause is still problematic if it's scaring employees who don't know any better into thinking they can't work at another sandwich shop—or another restaurant of any sort with a trade in sandwiches—for the next two years.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Mindtree net profit up 6.8% annuallyMindtree net profit up 6.8% annually
BS Reporter | Pune Oct 15, 2014 11:50 PM IST
Bangalore-based information technology services firm Mindtree on Wednesday reported net profit of Rs 137.4 crore for the second quarter, ending September 30, up 6.8 per cent year-on-year.
Revenue for the quarter was up 15.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis at Rs 888.6 crore. The company has beat market expectations, as analysts expected a drop in net profits on a sequential basis. Net profit on a quarter-on-quarter basis grew 6.2% and revenue rose by 5.3%.
"Our deep expertise in Digital and Infrastructure services has led to continued opportunities to help our clients differentiate their business. Our strategy of becoming a leader in digital solutions is continuing to bear fruit and has contributed to another strong growth quarter for Mindtree" said Krishnakumar Natarajan, CEO & Managing Director, Mindtree.
By the end of the September quarter the total client count had touched 200. The company also managed to increase it large client base. The $30 million client group saw an addition of four clients, the $20 million went up to seven and $5 million client segment was at 27.
Mindtree added 810 employee (gross) for the quarter taking its total headcount to 13,018 with an attrition of 15.7%.
The company announced an interim dividend of 30% for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.

BJP ahead in Maharashtra and Haryana  but no clear winner: TV exit pollsComments
At least three exit polls put the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) ahead but short of a clear majority in Maharashtra and Haryana on Wednesday, a ringing endorsement of the so-called 'Modi magic' that may have helped the party come into its own in the two politically crucial states.
Modi held 27 rallies in Maharashtra, 11 in Haryana while campaigning in the two states. (AFP Photo)
A fourth survey by Today's Chanakya, which correctly predicted the results of the Lok Sabha polls this year, gave the party a clear majority in both states.
The projections, if true, could touch off a round of intense haggling between the party and its estranged allies - the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC) - for control of the two states that the Congress has led for more than a decade, either on its own or with its partners.
Read: Poll trends set off early Diwali for BJP
A BJP victory will reaffirm Modi's appeal among voters and silence detractors of his new party leadership, which was blamed for a string of defeats in recent by-elections that tempered the euphoria of his Lok Sabha triumph.
Modi campaigned extensively for the state elections, addressing 27 rallies in Maharashtra and 11 in Haryana in a bid to prop up the BJP's fortunes after the by-election losses.
A Times Now-C Voter poll predicted the BJP would bag 129 of 288 seats in the politically crucial state of Maharashtra despite the falling apart of its 25-year-old association with the Shiv Sena, which was projected to win in 56 constituencies. Times Now-C Voter predicted 37 seats for the BJP in the 90-member Haryana assembly.
An ABP-Nielsen poll predicted 144 seats for the BJP and 77 for the Sena, while an India Today-Cicero exit poll saw the BJP winning 124 seats in Maharashtra. The poll says the Shiv Sena will be the second largest gainer in Maharashtra with 71 seats.
The polls did not bring any cheer to the Congress party, already relegated to the political sidelines since its bruising defeat in the Lok Sabha polls.
The Times Now-C Voter poll said the Congress was likely to win 43 seats in Maharashtra while ABP-Nielsen said it will bag just 30 seats. In Haryana, Times Now-C Voter gave the Congress 15 seats and ABP-Nielsen poll predicted the country's main opposition party will get 10 seats.
Today's Chanakya predicted a clear majority of 151 seats for the BJP in Maharashtra and 52 in Haryana. Today's Chanakya was on the money when it predicted a 300-plus sweep for the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) in the Lok Sabha elections.
For the Congress, a poor result will possibly stoke further murmurs against Rahul Gandhi's leadership.
If the outcome on Sunday's judgement day matches the predictions, it would mean the Congress would have to carry forward with its restructuring process to script a turnaround in the face of a saffron surge.
Haryana saw a high turnout of 75.9%, while Maharashtra registered a turnout of  63.4% in the elections seen as a test of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's popularity since he stormed to power in May and the BJP's strategy to abandon long-standing allies in the states.
The elections were mainly peaceful except for minor clashes between workers of the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD), BJP and others in Haryana.
Analysts said the BJP had benefited from anger towards the Congress party, which has held power in Maharashtra for 15 years and Haryana for a decade. Both chief ministers, Prithviraj Chavan in Maharashtra and Bhupinder Hooda in Haryana, battled strong anti-incumbency with corruption being a major poll issue.
Read: Nearly 64% vote in Maharashtra, highest-ever 76% turnout in Haryana
The BJP took a big gamble on its popularity and campaigned alone in both states.
It was in contention for power for the first time in Haryana, where it was a junior partner in the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) government in 2000. Similarly in Maharashtra, the BJP had so far played second fiddle to the Shiv Sena, which led the coalition government in the state from 1995 to 1999. The Congress-NCP alliance ruled the state for 15 years from 1999.
In case of a hung verdict, the shaping up of new political alliances promises to be another interesting chapter following the high-stakes elections.

America s Markets blog: Get market action in realStory Stocks November 26, 2014 3:43 am · Jane Onyanga-Omara
U.S. stock futures made slight gains Wednesday. Here is where major market index futures stood ahead of the start of regular trading: Dow: +0.2 S&P 500: +0.1 Nasdaq: +0.2 In Asia, Japan’s Nikkei 225 (…)

Ask Matt: Isn t the PC supposedly  deadGannett
Q: Isn’t the PC supposedly ‘dead?’
A: Tech investors have been fed the same refrain for years: The PC is dead. But the stock market — and earnings reports — tell a different story.
At this point we were all supposed to be dumping our high-powered PCs for tablets. The rise of tablets was supposed to be horrible news for PC stalwarts like computer chipmaker Intel (INTC) . But the stock market and earnings reports tell a different story. Shares of Intel are up 21% this year — even as the broad market is essentially flat.
And it’s not just speculators sending shares of Intel higher. The company exceeded earnings forecasts when it reported late Tuesday. Seeing growth for its computer chips, Intel reported an adjusted profit of 66 cents a share, topping views by 1%. Net income jumped 12% and revenue gained 8%. The fact remains that while tablets are fine for consumption, the PC remains the go-to tool for productivity. Companies continue to issue PCs — not tablets — to employees that produce. Whether tablets will eventually get enough power to handle the needs of employees remains to be seen. Analysts, though, remain cautious on Intel stock, rating it a hold on average. We’ll see if analysts change their outlook on the company as they process the results.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Haryana creates new voting record at 73.7 percentHaryana creates new voting record at 73.7 percent
Two killed  two injured as train hits van at level crossingTwo killed  two injured as train hits van at level crossing
Second case of Ebola contagion in US reportedSecond case of Ebola contagion in US reported
Hero Motocorp Q2 profit seen up 43%  OPM may fall 130 bpsHero Motocorp Q2 profit seen up 43%  OPM may fall 130 bps
Number portability beyond circles in  roaming charges outNumber portability beyond circles in, roaming charges out
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 16, 2014 12:40 AM IST
Mobile users will be able to retain their numbers even if they relocate from one telecom circle to another and will not be required to pay hefty roaming charges while travelling out of their home city from end-March next year.
The Telecom Commission, which is the highest decision making authority within the Department of Telecommunications (DoT), on Wednesday, accepted the recommendations of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) on full-fledged mobile number portability (MNP). Full MNP will now be implemented by March 31, 2015.
However, Telecom Commission’s decision will be placed before Communications and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad for final approval. At present, mobile users can change service operators within the circle.
Trai, in its recommendation, had suggested that telecom operators should be given six months to make necessary changes in their network from the date the proposal is cleared.
Earlier, the operators had said they would require around $10 million to build the enabling infrastructure for the nationwide roll-out of MNP.
Implementation of full MNP is expected to help pan-Indian players gain subscribers at the cost of the operators, whose customers relocate to states they are not present in.
According to sector data, free roaming is likely to benefit at least 12 per cent of mobile users.

Rally Markets try comeback after opening plungeNASDAQ
---
Decliners were one step ahead of advancers on the New York Stock Exchange in the close, with an exchange volume of 1.2 billion and a composite volume of 6.1 billion, the highest in nearly three years.
Just before 2 p.m. ET, volume on the New York Stock Exchange matched "normal" volume for the entire session—3.5 billion shares.
"It's significant because people are truly unloading their positions," JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade, said. "Once we broke that 200-day moving average [people said] let's get out and start over."
Read More Going to be extremely choppy for a while: El-Erian
The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) , widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, cut half its gains after rising as much as 35 percent to trade above 30, its highest level since November 2011.
The U.S. 10-year Treasury note yield dipped below 2 percent for the first time since May 2013, while U.S. economic data was weaker than expected.
In the morning, European stocks closed more than 2 percent lower on Wednesday as investors shunned risky assets on fears of crumbling global growth, weak economic data, and concerns about the political situation in Greece.
"We're probably going to follow the Europe" markets," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital, said. Despite stocks closing in the red, he saw some signs of stability.
"I think investors should take advantage of this selloff," he said.
Kim Forrest, senior equity analyst at Fort Pitt Capital, agreed.
"The correction from the top is giving us room to buy companies that we like," she said. "If you are long-term investor, three to five years, this should not be a concern."
Pisani: Massive volume, somebody buying
CNBC's Bob Pisani reports on panic selling near Wednesday's market open, and what the news AbbVie is rethinking its acquisition of Shire plc has to do with the major moves.
In the United States, transports recovered completely to close up 0.23 percent after a fall of about 2 percent in late morning trade led by a decline in airlines on reports that the new Ebola patient flew the day before falling ill. However, analysts said there were no reports of flight cancellations due to the disease and added that the news had more of a psychological effect.
"Ebola is in the background," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group. "It feeds generally into global growth concerns."
Stocks held to a downward trend after the Fed released its "Beige Book" that said the economy is growing at a "modest to moderate" pace.
In the hour before the close, Wal-Mart fell more than 3 percent on news that the retailer cut its growth guidance.
The reports "helped exaggerate anxieties investors had recently on full valuations," Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott, said. "I think markets are working off technical levels."
Business inventories rose less than expected in August, and U.S. retail sales fell 0.3 percent in September, slightly more than the expected 0.2 percent decline. The producer price index for September fell 0.1 percent as opposed to expectations of a 0.1 percent gain.
"In general the only news the market reacts to now is negative news," Hogan said. Even "economic data is just background noise."
Overall, analysts focused on technicals and didn't think markets were seeing capitulation .
"I think this is just a correction," said Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab. "I'm a long ways from saying we're heading into a bear market."
"The only good stuff is the earnings, but that's backward looking," he said. "We're going to have a pretty solid earnings season."
He added that the pullback would likely cause the Fed to postpone an interest rate hike and that low rates were pressuring financial institutions' profit margins.
Getty Images
Trader on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
U.S. stock index futures lost about 1 percent, with the Dow futures losing more than 150 points, as investors were unnerved by word of another Ebola case diagnosed in the U.S. Also driving futures lower was a major drop in the Greek markets that drove a flight to safety in German bunds, with the 10-year bond trading below 0.8 percent. Other concerns included a deteriorating euro zone economic outlook, fed by another credit rating blow for France, and "free falling" inflation expectations dominated the market.
Read More Greek bond yields pass 7% as worries return
U.S. stocks mostly advanced on Tuesday with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite halting their worst three-day rout since 2011 as investors considered a mixed set of earnings from JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup and Wells Fargo . Intel released positive after-the-bell results and shares of the company gained more than 2 percent in late trading.
Earnings are expected from American Express , eBay and Netflix after the bell.
On tap this week:

Photos: Salman  Sachin vote in Maharashtra pollsCrime
In Maharashtra and Haryana, celebs and politicos vote
Millions voted in the first major test of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's popularity since he stormed to power in May on a pledge to reform the economy. Five months after Modi's rightwing Bharatiya Janata Party won a landslide national victory in the general elections, voters are electing two regional assemblies -- in Haryana in the north and huge Maharashtra state in the west, of which Mumbai is the capital. Modi has been campaigning extensively, particularly in Maharashtra, aware that an endorsement in state polls and especially in India's financial capital could help him push through his promised economic reforms. "Urging the people of Haryana & Maharashtra to go out & cast their votes. Youngsters must show the way & ensure record turnout," Modi tweeted early Wednesday.
As in the nationwide vote, the BJP is expected to benefit from anger and fatigue towards the Congress party, which was kicked out of central government in May and has held power in Maharashtra for 15 years, Haryana for a decade. The BJP has taken a gamble on its popularity and is campaigning alone in both states after severing ties with its allies, including the far-right Shiv Sena, its partner in Maharashtra for 25 years.
Cricket Legend Sachin Tendulkar shows his fore finger marked with phosphorous ink after casting his vote at a polling booth during Maharashtra Assembly Elections in Mumbai, on Oct.15, 2014. (Photo: ... more 
Cricket Legend Sachin Tendulkar shows his fore finger marked with phosphorous ink after casting his vote at a polling booth during Maharashtra Assembly Elections in Mumbai, on Oct.15, 2014. (Photo: Sandeep Mahankal/IANS) less 
1 / 30

Gold imports jump 5 times in Sept on global price slideGold imports jump 5 times in Sept on global price slide
Keeping in step with trendsUpdated: October 14, 2014 19:12 IST
Keeping in step with trends
SHILPA AGARWAL
footwear
Two young shoe-makers share the story of their brands and why it is important to dress up your feet
“A great pair of shoes adds character to your clothing and personality,” says 23-year-old Pune-based Naman Shah who started Cuero - Handcrafted Luxury, a made-to-measure bespoke leather shoe line for both men and women. An inherent passion for shoes imbibed from his father coupled with the big market for handcrafted leather shoes made him start Cuero last year. “I wanted to offer customised, affordable shoes with a ‘Made in India’ logo.
Naman showcased his creations at Lakme Fashion Week 2014 in collaboration with Quirk Box, where they presented experimental designs, which normally wouldn’t be available in stores but were wearable. Blending traditional technique with modern designs, Cuero caters not only to those who love classic patterns but also those who like to sport edgy colours and shapes. Whether you want a three-tone brogue, hand-woven moccasins or Jodhpuri boots, the idea is to understand the wearer’s personality and then suggest design possibilities.
Naman explains why handmade shoes are an ultimate luxury, “There are about 200 processes which go into a single pair of handcrafted shoe, including feet measurement, pattern making, leather cutting, stitching and soling.
It takes about a month to be made by skilled craftsmen. Cuero also does ‘custom lettering’ where one can get their name or initials embroidered either on the upper part of the shoes or gold, silver or bronze lettering on the sole.
For clients in other cities, Naman sends a video on how to take measurements at home.
“It was a challenge to convince people that an Indian company can manufacture fine quality handmade shoes but consumers are now open to unique luxury products and are appreciative of home-grown brands,” he says.
Scent and sole
Fragrant shoes! Sounds oxymoronic. Not to 23-year-old Delhi-based Karan Vij who recently launched Scentra, a unisex shoe line that comes infused with strawberry fragrance. The idea came about during his stay in California, “Just like we wear perfume to feel good, scented shoes keep the feet smelling fresh all day. It sounds exciting especially for sockless shoes. Scentra re-engineers the yarn and the outsole and dyes the scent in the shoes. Aimed at redefining the shoe experience, these casual slip-ons are eco-friendly and come in many quirky colours and with stripes, polka dots and florals.
Karan points out that more than the style factor, when it comes to shoes it is comfort that matters the most. “That’s why we call our range of shoes ‘bed for your feet’. We wanted to make comfortable shoes dressier and fun. We have put an extra layer of cushioning in the insole to make you walk that one extra mile. This is essential to walk in large office spaces and mega malls.” Does the fragrance last forever? “We have tested these shoes for a good time in Europe.
But in our weather condition, the fragrance might diminish with time but will not be completely lost.” Karan is happy with the response and excited that people are now open to innovation in every area. He has plans to launch a kid’s range and open flagship stores. But it’s one step at a time for Karan.

Hudhud fallout: Naidu says losses could go up to Rs. 70 000 cr.cyclones
Central teams for assessment of the damage caused by the cyclone are expected in Andhra Pradesh in a day or two, he said.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu on Wednesday said the exact financial loss caused by Cyclone Hudhud is yet to be calculated, even as initial estimates indicate that it can go up to Rs, 70,000 crore.
The situation in north coastal districts is still grim and all efforts are being made to bring back normalcy as far as power supply is concerned, Naidu told reporters at the Collectorate in Visakhapatnam.
“It is very difficult to assess the damage and loss caused by the cyclone. We are still getting reports whether it (total losses in all cyclone-hit districts) is Rs. 60,000 crore or Rs. 70,000 crore. We cannot come to a figure now. Our immediate priority is to conduct rescue and relief operations in the cyclone—hit areas,” Naidu said.
Central teams (for assessment of losses) are expected in Andhra Pradesh in a day or two, he said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited the port city yesterday and announced an interim assistance of Rs 1,000 crore to take up immediate relief works. He also announced Rs two lakh to the next of kin of those killed in the cyclone and Rs 50,000 to the injured.
Most parts of Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and Visakhapatnam plunged into darkness as thousands of trees were uprooted and fell on transmission lines causing power disruptions, following the onslaught of the cyclonic storm.
Naidu said power is expected to be partially restored in some places by the evening or tomorrow.
As far as communication is concerned, the Chief Minister said he is talking to mobile service providers and expects services to resume immediately.

Urban chaos: Whos responsibility is it anywayUrban chaos: Whos responsibility is it anyway
Maharashtra voter turnout at 55% till 5 pmMaharashtra voter turnout at 55% till 5 pm
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 15, 2014 04:30 PM IST
Maharashtra witnessed brisk polling as the state went to polls Wednesday to elect a new state government, with the average voter turnout across 288 constituencies in excess of 55% till 5 pm.
Kagal constituency in Kolhapur district reported the highest turnout, with about half the electorate exercising its franchise. Bramhapuri in Chandrapur reported the lowest numbers, according to officials.
Mumbai, the state's capital that has acquired a reputation for voter apathy, could overturn that image this time. The maximum city registered 36% polling by 3 p.m., suggesting total turnout could cross the halfway mark by the time voting closes at 6 p.m.
About 84 million voters, of whom 53% are male and 47% women, will decide the fate of 4,119 candidates across the state. Prominent candidates in the fray include former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan of Congress, former deputy chief Ajit Pawar of NCP, former ministers R R Patil and Chhagan Bhujbal of NCP, BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis, Eknath Khadse, Vinod Tawde and Pankaja Munde of BJP, Subhash Desai, Suresh Jain and Deepak Kesarkar of Shiv Sena, former ministers Patangrao Kadam, Shivajirao Moghe and Rajendra Darda Congress and Bala Nandgaonkar of MNS.
Of the 4,119 candidates, 3,843 are male and 276 women. Of the 288 constituencies, including 36 in Mumbai, 234 are general, 29 reserved for scheduled castes and 25 for scheduled tribes.
While Nanded South has the maximum number of candidates (39), Akole and Guhagar have the minimum, with five each.
The BJP is fielding 280 candidates, BSP 260, CPI 34, CPM 19, Congress 287, NCP 278, Shiv Sena 282 and MNS 219.
Registered parties other than recognised state and national parties have 761 candidates in the fray, while 1,699 persons are going it alone as independent candidates. 
(With inputs from agencies)

Manipuri student attacked in Bangalore  told  speak in KannadaManipuri student attacked in Bangalore, 3 arrested
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, October 15, 2014
First Published: 13:13 IST(15/10/2014) | Last Updated: 22:54 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
In a suspected case of hate crime, Bengaluru police arrested three men on Wednesday who reportedly assaulted a Manipuri student with rocks for not speaking the local language.
Michael Haokip, president of a Manipuri students' association, after being attacked on Tuesday night, in what seems like a hate crime. (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
T Michael Lamjathang Haokip was attacked a little after midnight in a part of the city mostly inhabited by migrants, particularly students from the northeast states and Africa. The 26-year-old received wounds to his head and back but doctors said he was out of danger.
People from India’s seven northeast states are frequently singled out for abuse in other parts of the country because they look different and often dress different, say social scientists. More than 30,000 people from the Northeast fled Bengaluru in August 2012 after a handful of such attacks sparked rumours of a larger conspiracy.
“They kept asking me to speak in Kannada. They said, ‘If you outsiders know how to eat food that is produced in Karnataka, you must also know to speak Kannada. This is India not China.’ I tried to reason with them but they were hysterical,” a profusely bleeding Michael told Hindustan Times at the Kothanur police station.
Two of Michael’s friends – Ngamkholen Haokip, 28, and Rocky Kipgen, 25 – who were with him when he was assaulted on Wednesday escaped with minor wounds. 
Michael Lamjathang Haokip at Kothanur police station (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
 
Michael said the people who gathered because of the commotion immediately sided with the attackers.
“A friend from my community, Letmang Haokip, 35, was passing by on his motorcycle. I jumped onto the bike and we started racing towards the police station. But the people followed us on their bikes and one of them crashed into us. We fell down and I started running for my life towards the police station. Just then a police patrol car arrived and the mob scattered,” he said.
Letmang, who could not leave his motorcycle behind and escape, said the mob snatched valuables and the bike’s documents from him. “They would have probably killed me but Michael returned with the police.”
Obed Haokip, 46, one of Michael’s friends who arrived with a police patrol team, said some associates of a local politician helped a few of the attackers escape.
“Three persons have been arrested and investigations are on to ascertain if this was a hate crime,” said additional commissioner of police Alok Kumar.
Boxer MC Mary Kom, who hails from Manipur and was in Bengaluru for an event, also condemned the incident.
“There should be unity and peace in our country, so that such incidents don’t repeat again,” the Olympic medallist said.

Foreign countries lure U.S. retireesForeign countries offer U.S. retirees discounts, tax breaks and more
By Melanie Hicken   @melhicken October 14, 2014: 6:09 PM ET
 
Retiree ditches U.S. for 'paradise' abroad
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Who knew that American retirees were such a hot commodity?
A growing number of developing countries certainly think so. They're wooing seniors with perks ranging from travel and health care discounts to tax breaks.
Getting help
Panama offers the silver-haired set discounts on utility and doctor's bills and even gives them cheaper mortgages. In nearby Ecuador, seniors 65 and older get sales tax refunds, half-price bus and plane tickets and front-of-the-line privileges everywhere from the bank to airport customs.
"They really treat senior citizens with a lot of respect," said Susan Schenck, a retired teacher who moved from California to Ecuador four years ago. "I'm 58, and I can't wait until I'm 65."
Some countries, like the Philippines, have government agencies devoted to attracting foreign retirees. Meanwhile, others have streamlined their visa process and introduced low monthly income requirements to make it easier to move to their country.
Related: 4 questions to ask before retiring overseas
In Nicaragua, for example, people as young as 45 can qualify for the retiree residency program as long as they have a monthly pension or Social Security income of just $600 a month.
But perhaps no country is more generous to seniors than Panama. On top of its laundry list of perks, the country offers a "Friendly Nations" visa which gives permanent residency to foreigners from other countries.
The courting of retirees started with Costa Rica's "pensionado" program, which offered special tax breaks for retirees and became popular in the 1980s.
"They saw American retirees as an opportunity, and other countries in this region have watched how much money, how much income that has meant for Costa Rica's economy," said Kathleen Peddicord, founder of the Live and Invest Overseas publishing group who is also an expat living in Panama.
Related: America's oldest workers
While Costa Rica has since eliminated most of its tax incentives, it's still a popular retirement destination. Other South and Central American countries followed suit and started offering a variety of perks. And now some Asian countries have started rolling out their own programs.
Some countries advertise these perks on their official tourism websites. Or prospective expats can research them at the websites run by groups like Live and Invest Overseas and International Living .
It's a symbiotic relationship: seniors can stretch their nest eggs with lower living and health care costs, while the developing countries enjoy an economic boost from the retirees' spending.
The programs appear to be working. In 2013, nearly 50,000 retired workers and their spouses were receiving Social Security benefits in South and Central America and the Caribbean — up roughly 50% from 10 years earlier, according to the Social Security Administration.
Related: My life as an expat retiree
Meanwhile, more than 100,000 retirees and their spouses were receiving Social Security in Asian countries, an increase of more than 200% since 2003.
Of course, the expat lifestyle isn't for everyone. Language can be a barrier, especially in Asian countries. Crime and political and economic instability can also be issues. Same goes for possible banking and tax headaches. (Retiring overseas doesn't mean you can escape a U.S. tax bill and depending on the country, you could owe local taxes, too).
Plus, not all countries offer permanent residency, meaning that if the government changes its visa rules, retirees could be forced to pack their bags.
Related: Why expats are ditching their U.S. passports
And then there are the more routine frustrations.
Peddicord says she once called four different Panamanian plumbers before finally finding someone able to fix her dishwasher ("They'd never encountered one," she says). Meanwhile, Schenck said she can no longer buy her favorite U.S. products from Amazon as Ecuador has cracked down on imports.
In Panama, retirees Dusty and Carolyn Tubbs waited months longer than expected for their new home to be completed. Still, they said the adventure and cost benefits of living abroad far outweigh the negatives.
"When you move overseas...life will be different," said Dusty Tubbs. "If you want to be happy, you learn to embrace the changes."
First Published: October 14, 2014: 6:09 PM ET
Most Popular

Will use new Airbus planes for domestic  intl biz: IndiGoWill use new Airbus planes for domestic  intl biz: IndiGo
Facebook  Apple to finance female staff freezing their ovariesFacebook  Apple to finance female staff freezing their ovaries
Haryana creates history  clocks highest ever polling | Full coverageCongress
(Maharashtra and Haryana…)
CHANDIGARH: Haryana today created history clocking an all-time high polling of about 76 per cent, surpassing the previous best of 72.65 per cent in 1967 in the high-stakes battle among top contenders Congress, BJP and INLD amid stray incidents of violence in many parts of the state.
"Haryana registered an all-time highest poll percentage in its history. The final percentage may change once all the figures are compiled," Haryana Chief Electoral Officer Shrikant Walgad said.
He said polling remained by and large peaceful barring sporadic incidents that left 32 persons, including 10 policemen, injured.
Over 1.63 crore voters including over 87 lakh women were eligible to cast their vote in today's polls for 90 Assembly seats in the state.
At the close of polling at 6 PM, there were queues of voters inside many polling stations.
Heavy polling was witnessed at places including Fatehabad, Hisar, Jind, Kurukshetra, Mewat, Rohtak, Sirsa and Yamunanagar, Kaithal while in Faridabad, Gurgaon and Panchkula districts, the polling remained moderate.
Polling was also heavy in constituencies from where top guns including Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda (Cong), Haryana Ministers Randeep Singh Surjewala and Kiran Choudhary, INLD's Abhay Chautala and Dushyant Chautala and HJC's Kuldeep Bishnoi are in fray.
In 2009 polls, turnout of 72.37 per cent was recorded. Earlier, in 1967, the highest polling of 72.65 per cent took place.
Incidents of violence were reported from various districts including Hisar, Mewat, Sirsa and Jind.
In Hisar district's Barwala, 30 persons, including 10 policemen, were injured and seven motorcycles set on fire by a mob following a clash between polling agents of two rival parties, during which stones were pelted.
Police said an argument broke out between two polling agents of rival parties in village Niyana after which the situation turned tense.
A case had been registered in this connection, they said. There were reports of clash taking place between INLD supporters and some rival groups in Punhana in Mewat district.
Some people received minor injuries in the incident, SP of Mewat, S S Bhoria said.
Asked to comment on reports that a one-month-old baby died as she fell off from her mother's lap when there was commotion after the incident in which stones were also pelted between supporters of two groups, Bhoria said the baby was ill.
Walgad said the reported death of a child in district Mewat was not poll related.
In another incident, two persons were injured in firing during a clash between supporters of two groups in Sirsa, Sirsa SP, Mitesh Jain said.
Some anti-social elements opened fire after a minor clash occurred between INLD and BJP workers in Sirsa.
A supporter from each side was injured in the incident and the seriously injured has been hospitalised.
In another incident, the window panes of a car belonging to a supporter of Haryana Lokhit Party Gopal Kanda were broken following minor clash between the supporters of HLP and INLD workers in Sirsa.
  Kanda, a former Haryana Minister, is seeking re-election from Sirsa.
Amid tight security, polling commenced in all the Assembly seats at 7 AM and continued till 6 PM to decide the fate of 1,351 candidates.
Counting of votes will take place on October 19. In Narnaund, BJP candidate from the assembly segment and chief ministerial aspirant, Capt Abhimanyu alleged that attempts to capture booths were made in Baans village in the constituency at the behest of rival INLD, which vehemently denied the charge.
Abhimanyu told reporters in Narnaund that wires of web-casting camera were cut in Booth No 140 and attempt was made to capture booths.
In a separate incident, INLD's Hisar MP Dushyant Chautala, who is contesting as party candidate from Uchana Kalan constituency, alleged that some BJP supporters had clashed with INLD supporters in Uchana.
From Uchana, Dushyant is locked in a keen tussle with BJP leader Birender Singh's wife Prem Lata Singh.
Uchana Kalan in Jind district is currently represented by former Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala, who had defeated Birender Singh, then a Congress leader, in 2009 Assembly poll.
There were reports of minor scuffles taking place between supporters of rival parties in some other parts of the state as well, even as glitches in EVM machines were reported from a couple of places.
Walgad said the EVMs would be kept in the strong rooms in the presence of observers before being handed over to CRPF. The candidates or their agents could also be present when the EVMs would be stored.
There was enthusiasm among the voters since early morning. Though polling started on a slow note, it gradually picked up the pace as the day progressed.
Among the candidates who had cast their votes before noon included Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda in his home district of Rohtak.

India to stick to its position on food issue...Geneva
(India had made it clear at…)
NEW DELHI: India will stick to its position on the food security issue at the WTO trade negotiations as it is the sovereign duty of the government to protect the interest of its poor, Commerce & Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said today.
"Our position remains intact, that we will underline the fact that India has a sovereign duty to protect its poor... India has sovereign right to hold foodgrains for that purpose. And, therefore our negotiations with WTO will certainly be on reiterating this position," Sitharaman told reporters here.
She was replying to a question on the progress of the ongoing WTO talks at Geneva.
India had made it clear at Geneva that it would not ratify the Trade Facilitation Agreement ( TFA ) until a permanent solution was found on the food security issue.
New Delhi had asked WTO to amend the norms for calculating agriculture subsidies so that the country could continue to procure foodgrains from farmers at minimum support price and sell them to poor at cheaper rates without violating the norms.
The current WTO norms limit the value of food subsidies at 10 per cent of the total value of foodgrain production. However, the quantum of subsidy is computed after taking into consideration prices that prevailed two decades ago.
India is asking for a change in the base year (1986-88) for calculating food subsidies. India wants a change taking into account the inflation and currency fluctuation.
There are apprehensions that once India completely implements its food security programme, it could breach the 10 per cent cap. Breach of the cap may lead to imposition of hefty penalties, if a member country drags India to the WTO.
According to a WTO filing, India has given a total farm subsidy of USD 56 billion, of which trade distorting subsidy amounts to only USD 13.8 billion for 23 commodities, including rice and wheat.
An official has said the food subsidy provided by the Indian government for paddy during 2010-11 worked out to be only around 6 per cent of the total output of the commodity in value terms. In case of wheat, the subsidy is negative one per cent.
On September 22, WTO chief Roberto Azevedo had expressed serious concerns over the fate of Bali package, saying the deal was "at risk" and the future seemed "uncertain".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jan Dhan a/c opening target will be met by ...jan dhan
(As on October 7, 5.52 crore accounts…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Ministry today exuded confidence that the target of opening 7.5 crore bank accounts under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) would be met by December-end.
"One thing I would like to say that because of the banks' efforts today,. We have been able to reach to these many people.
"We are very hopeful that by December-end we will achieve this target. Lagataar koshish ho rahi hai (continous efforts are being made)," Minister of State for Finance Nirmala Sitharaman told reporters here.
While launching the PMJDY, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had exhorted the concerned officials to complete the task of opening 7.5 crore accounts before the next Republic Day, which falls on January 26.
As on October 7, 5.52 crore accounts were opened and a deposit of Rs 4268 crore have been mobilised under PMJDY so far.
When pointed out that many people were facing problems in getting forms for opening accounts and banks were not cooperating, Sitharaman said the matter would be taken up with the Banking Secretary.
She added banks have been given instructions to help people in opening accounts.
PMJDY is national mission for financial inclusion to ensure access to financial services, like banking/ savings and deposit accounts, remittance, credit, insurance and pension in an affordable manner.
Talking about her meeting with Canadian International Trade Minister Ed Fast, Sitharaman said they discussed about the free trade agreement.
"It was an hour long meeting. We import lot of things from Canada which is important to India, whether it is potash, pulses or petroleum products...We are discussing at the negotiators level (the agreement)," she said.
She also invited Canadian companies to invest in sectors such as infrastructure, energy and building smart cities.
"We expect that Canadians will come with their investment," she added.
The talks for Comprehensive Economic Cooperation agreement (CECA) was launched in 2010.
The bilateral trade between the countries stood at USD 5.18 billion in 2013-14.
During April 2000 and July 2014, India has received only USD 494 million FDI from Canada.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Treasury yields tumble  prices soarTreasury yields tumble, bond prices soar
By: John Waggoner October 15, 2014 10:17 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Yields on Treasury securities plunged Wednesday as investors sought a safe haven from the stock market rout, and traders realized that the global economy is entering another slowdown.
USA TODAY
The yield on the bellwether 10-year Treasury note fell as low as 1.873%, the lowest since May 2013, before settling at 2.13%. And the yield on the 30-year Treasury bond fell below 3%, to 2.92%. Other government bond yields plunged as well:
French 10-year government bond: 1.13%
German 10-year government bond: 0.75%
Japanese 10-year government bond: 0.48%
“Two percent looks sky-high compared to Germany,” says John Lonski, Team Managing Director of the Economics Group at Moody’s Analytics. “The bond market is finally pricing in the reality of indefinite subpar growth for aging advanced economies.”
Why the bond rally? Investors look for safety from government bonds in times of crisis. And currently, investors fear losing money through falling prices — deflation — rather than through rising prices, or inflation.
The specter of deflation is haunting the markets. Oil prices have plunged to four-year lows on lower demand and bountiful production. The implied inflation rate for the next 30 years, based on 30-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities, is just 2.09%. For the next 10 years, the implied inflation rate is 1.85%.
Even in China, one of the world’s most rapidly growing economies, inflation is a low 1.6% — primarily because of stagnating wages. “Chinese wages are going nowhere,” Lonski says.
And signs of slowdown in the U.S. point to deflation, not inflation. Despite rock-bottom mortgage rates, for example, the 52-week average of the Mortgage Bankers’ index of home buyers’ applications is at the lowest since March 1996, Lonski says. Baby Boomers, once a driving force in the economy, are spending less — partly because those who have lost their jobs in the past five years must settle for sharply lower wages. “They’re going to get contract jobs and do the same work they did previously at lower wages,” Lonski says.
The plunge in bond yields means that the Federal Reserve could delay raising rates until late in 2015, and could even be tempted to embark on another stimulus program. From the Fed’s point of view, an outburst of inflation would be far easier to combat than widespread deflation.
The Fed can attack inflation by raising rates, but it has little room to push rates down further. “There are not a lot a lot of bullets left if things get worse,” says Bill Irving, portfolio manager of Fidelity Government Income fund.
The bonus for the worried: When bond yields fall, bond prices rise. For example, iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF (ticker: TLT), soared 2.4% early Wednesday, before settling at a 0.76% gain, says Morningstar. The 10-year T-note yield has fallen nearly a full percentage point since the end of 2013, when it yielded 3.03%. Investors in the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond have seen their shares soar 16.5% this year.
And, says Irving, mortgage rates are headed south again. Quicken Loans posted a 3.875% rate for 30-year fixed-rate mortgages, Irving notes, making this a good time to refinance a high-rate mortgage.
 

Coalscam: CBI asked to probe role of Coal Ministry officialsCoalscam: CBI asked to probe role of Coal Ministry officials
Tata Steel looks to sell European Longs products biz to Swiss companyUpdated: October 15, 2014 23:34 IST
Tata plans to sell Europe steel unit to Klesch Group
Special Correspondent
company information
Signs MoU with the Swiss firm to undertake detailed due diligence
Tata Steel has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Klesch Group of Switzerland to undertake a detailed due diligence for a potential sale of its Long Products Europe business and associated distribution activities.
A statement from Tata Steel said the MoU covers several U.K.-based assets, including Tata Steel’s Scunthorpe steelworks, mills in Teesside, Dalzell and Clydebridge in Scotland, an engineering workshop in Workington and a rail consultancy in York. It also covers other operations in France and Germany.
Tata Steel employs around 6,500 people at Long Products Europe and its distribution facilities and around 30,500 people across Europe, including 17,500 in the U.K., the statement said. Tata Steel is Europe’s second largest steel producer with steel-making in the U.K. and the Netherlands and manufacturing plants across Europe. Its European operation supplies innovative steel rail, rod, plate, sections and special profile products.
“We will now move into detailed due diligence and negotiations, though no assurance can be given about the outcome,’’ Karl Koehler, CEO, Tata Steel’s European operations, said in a statement. “We will regularly engage with our employees and other stakeholders throughout this process, and will consult with the trade union representatives and works councils.’’
“The European steel is emerging from one of the most challenging economic periods in its history,’’ the company said. Tata Steel had acquired Corus in 2007, and has invested 1.2 billion pound in its UK operations, having trained 1,200 apprentices and graduates. It was adversely impacted and is still recovering from the slowdown in Europe, which followed the Corus acquisition.
On the rationale for the decision, Mr. Koehler said the company was making huge strides on its strategic journey to become a ‘premium, customer-centred steel company’. He said the company had decided to concentrate resources mainly on its strip products activities.

Assembly polls: Over 55% cast ballot in Maharashtra  more than 72% in HaryanaAfter remaining sluggish for the most part of the day, voting gathered pace in Maharashtra in the afternoon, with the polling percentage crossing 63.4% by 6pm.
Women in Daultabad cast their votes. (HT Photo)
Voters in Mumbai came out to exercise their right in the afternoon taking the polling percentage in the capital to 48% till 5pm, according to reports.
Polling started on a brisk note, slowed down around noon but again picked up, officials said.
Haryana, on the other hand, registered an record-breaking turnout figure, with the polling percentage reaching all-time high of 75.9. 
In 1967, maximum polling of 72.65% had taken place in Haryana, while in 1968, minimum polling of 57.26% was registered. In the 2009 elections, 72.37% polling was recorded.
The state had a very slow start in the morning especially in the urban areas. Stray incidents of violence marked the assembly polls in Haryana leaving 32 persons including 10 policemen injured.
While longer queues were seen in rural areas in Maharashtra , the low turnout in urban areas , especially in the rural areas prompted political leaders and celebrities to appeal to people to come out and vote.
Report of stray violence came from as a group of Maoists opened fire on a polling party at Maskipalli in Chamorshi tehsil in Gadchiroli district. "The policemen posted at the polling centre promptly returned the fire and the encounter is still going on," Gadchiroli police PRO said. Further details are awaited.
Cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, and film actors Salman Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Rekha and Bomman Irani came out to vote in the morning, and urged Mumbai's citizens to come out in larger numbers.
"Go vote, " tweeted Salman Khan, adding that people who were enjoying a picnic without going to vote would be the ones who would complain the most later on. 
Among the political leaders in Maharashtra who have voted so far are Sharad Pawar, and Ajit Pawar from the NCP, Devendra Fadnavis from the BJP, former home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and MNS chief Raj Thackeray.
"I am confident that people will choose Congress this time also for the work done in last 15 years," Prithviraj Chavan said after casting his vote in Karad.
 
"There has been a change in the government at the Centre, major alliances have ended, and all political parties are taking their chances in this poll," he said.
The high turnout for the assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra indicates "polling against Congress misrule", BJP said as it claimed that it would form the government in the two states after winning a decisive mandate from the voters.
 
"We claim that these polling trends are in favour of BJP and we will form governments with absolute majority in both Maharashtra and Haryana.
 
"This heavy polling is against the Congress misrule and corruption and in favour of BJP's good governance and development and credible leadership," BJP general secretary JP Nadda told reporters in Delhi.
Earlier in the day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi  tweeted,  urging voters in both states to come out and vote. "Youngsters should show the way and ensure a  high voter turnout.
The polls are a major test as much of Modi’s personal charisma as his party’s strategy to abandon long-standing allies in search of political majority in two key states.
Just ahead of the elections, the BJP snapped its 25-year old alliance with the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and parted ways with Kuldeep Bishnoi's Haryana Janhit Congress in Haryana.
A victory will not only reaffirm Modi’s appeal with voters but also silence detractors of his new party leadership, which was blamed for a string of defeats in assembly by-elections that tempered the euphoria of his Lok Sabha triumph.

This is not a Nigerian email scamBy Sara Ashley O'Brien   @saraashleyo October 15, 2014: 10:13 AM ET
Mall for Africa lets Western retailers tap into the African e-commerce market -- without the risk.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Online shopping is something most Americans take for granted, but many people in the developing world have been largely shut out from e-commerce.
Africa, in particular, "has been alienated from online retail," said San Francisco-based entrepreneur Chris Folayan.
His startup Mall for Africa aims to eliminate the biggest hurdles: fraud (Nigerian Prince e-mail scam, anyone?) and shipping logistics (streets are often distinguished by landmarks, rather than names).
Most Western sites don't accept African forms of payment for these two reasons. But Mall for Africa takes on the risks of fraud (by acting as a middle man) and assumes responsibility for the shipping (via a warehouse in Oregon). By partnering with 70 retailers like Bloomingdales, Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ) and Ralph Lauren ( RL ), African consumers have access to billions of items they otherwise wouldn't be able to buy.
And so far, they've had no issues with fraud.
 
Nigeria is Africa's largest economy
Folayan, who's originally from Nigeria, said most of the purchases are clothing items averaging about $250. Mall for Africa takes a small fee from customers (about 2.5%) and a 15% cut from its retail partners.
Though Mall for Africa can technically add any retailers to its platform without their consent, Folayan said it's better to collaborate. Macy's ( M ) once blacklisted them because it assumed the transactions were fraudulent. Now, Macy's is the company's biggest partner.
Related: Most innovative cities in America
Because brick-and-mortar stores are still limited in Africa, there's huge potential.
"Online provides a way to meet Africa in terms of retail," said Lohini Moodley, partner at McKinsey & Company.
She notes that there's a rising middle class and increasing urbanization, which equals a growing number of potential customers.
Kitson, known for its pop culture-inspired items, is ready for its Africa debut.
The retailer -- which has 20 retail stores in Southern California -- is one of the latest additions to the Mall for Africa platform.
Related: 6 designers shaking up fashion
CEO Christopher Lee said his goals for the next year include increasing Kitson's international e-commerce business -- and while Africa wasn't on his "shortlist" (China was), when Folayan reached out to him, it was a no-brainer.
"It's low risk and an extra opportunity for revenue and a new marketplace," said Lee. "It's the future, in my opinion."
Folayan launched the service in 2011, but business really took off when the startup received an undisclosed amount of funding last October, allowing them to market the site. The company now has 67 employees in Nigeria and Oregon. (Mall for Africa currently only ships to Nigeria, but Folayan plans to add Ghana and Kenya soon.)
This month, the platform opened up to allow those outside Africa to make purchases and have them delivered to family and friends who still live in Nigeria. Folayan wouldn't discuss specific numbers but said the company has done five times its 2013 revenue so far in 2014.
"To me, [retailers] should be looking at every possible option," said Folayan. "We're not messing with their infrastructure, we've literally opened the gates for online commerce in Africa."
First Published: October 15, 2014: 10:13 AM ET
Most Popular

Poodles are attacking the InternetPoodles are attacking the Internet
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery October 15, 2014: 10:21 AM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
There's yet another Internet bug that threatens to make your private conversations public. The new enemy: "Poodle" attacks.
Google ( GOOG ) security researchers have discovered a weakness in a method for securing Internet communication. As it turns out, our Web browsers are susceptible to a cyberattack dubbed "Poodle" (Padding Oracle On Downgraded Legacy Encryption).
Woof.
Normally, your Web browser uses software to encrypt your conversations. New versions of that software make encryption more robust over time. But with the Poodle attack, a hacker can force your browser to downgrade to an old version (SSL 3.0), which is far less secure than today's SSL standard.
A browser using the 15-year old SSL 3.0 is vulnerable enough to let hackers spy on the data traveling to and from your computer. That means they could spy on your emails, banking or anything else.
Fortunately, this dog's bark is louder than its bite.
A hacker must control your computer network to attack with Poodle (unlikely). And Web browser patches are expected to disable this downshift to older security methods.
That means this Internet bug isn't as bad as others discovered this year. The Heartbleed bug affected computers everywhere and was the reason in 4.5 million patient records were stolen from one of the country's largest hospital networks .
Then there's the recent Shellshock bug , which is so widespread that hackers are using it to set up botnets -- enslaving a fleet of computers to spread malware or attack websites.
 
'Shellshock' can hack lights in your house
Even if the Poodle attack is more difficult to exploit, it still means "more manual work for the enterprise security professionals," said Aviv Raff, cofounder of Seculert , which detects network breaches.
"If Hearbleed/Shellshock merited a 10, then this attack is only around a 5," said security expert Robert Graham on his blog .
CNNMoney is investigating recent hacks. Have you had money stolen from your bank account? Has someone stolen your identity? Share your story .

7 great companies for animal lovers to work for7 companies that are perfect places for animal lovers to work
By: The Muse October 15, 2014 10:40 am
319  shares
SEND
EMAIL
Do you love your four-legged friends as much as you do their two-legged counterparts? Ever wish you could spend your workdays making the world a better place for animals? Or even just want to bring your pup with you to the office once in a while?
If so, these companies are exactly what you’re looking for. From startups that are making pet ownership easier than ever before to nonprofits aiming to save endangered species to fun, dog-friendly offices, they’re all looking for animal lovers like you to join their teams now.
1. DogVacay
DogVacay makes finding great pet sitters simpler than ever. With its handy website and iOS app, pet owners can search for vetted, insured hosts, book stays, and pay online—all with a couple clicks.
Not surprisingly, the DogVacay office is full of furry friends, which makes for a pretty fun workday. (“We have puppies under our desks,” explains one product associate.) But the pet-loving team takes its work caring for man’s best friend very seriously, says CEO Aaron Hirschhorn. “We now have 15,000 hosts across the U.S. and Canada who are caring for dogs like members of their family.”
See Open Jobs
2. World Wildlife Fund
Formed in 1961 by a group of concerned biologists, WWF is the world’s leading conservation organization, supporting projects focused on saving wildlife species and their habitats. Now over 50 years old, WWF works in over 100 countries—uniquely combining global reach, scientific innovation, and local action to meet the needs of people and nature.
The panda may be just one of the many species WWF has worked to save, but as its iconic black and white logo, the panda has become the relatable representative of WWF’s mission. Internally, employees affectionately refer to each other as “pandas,” and many of them take pride in becoming lifelong pandas—passionate to work for an organization that offers international opportunities and limitless possibilities.
See Open Jobs
3. Contently
Contently is a modern storytelling platform that links brands to journalists, allowing them to share some of the world’s best original content. It bridges the gap between creation and delivery and empowers brands to tell great stories about what they do best.
One thing Contently staffers love just as much as great content? Their pups. Check out all the furry faces on Contently’s Meet the Team page . VP of Canine Resources Lighthouse and intern Madison even have their own LinkedIn profiles!
See Open Jobs
4. Discovery Communications
Do you spend full days curled up on the couch watching Animal Planet shows? Well, it’s time to turn your love of Shark Week into a job. Discovery Communications, the parent company of Discovery Channel, TLC, Animal Planet, Investigation Discovery, OWN, and more, is full of animal lovers who are passionate about telling incredible stories about the world.
Team members are also excited about getting to know each other outside of the office. “The company’s hosted a lot of cool things outside in the garden like BBQs, dunk tanks, pet adoption expos, and weekly exercise boot camps,” says one staffer. “We always have a ton of fun.”
(Oh, and fun fact: Every Shark Week, the company decks out its headquarters with a massive shark attached to the building.)
See Open Jobs
5. PetPlus
PetPlus is a membership program service offering exclusive access to discounts on pet medications, vet visits, pet supplies, and more. In a nutshell, PetPlus gives pet owners new ways to overcome the limits of pet ownership—makes caring for pets as easy as loving them.
Not surprisingly, everyone who works at the NYC-based company is a big-time animal lover (you can meet the employees and their pets on the company’s About Us page ). Want to join in on the furry fun? PetPlus is looking to add marketing, sales, editorial, and UX pros to the team now.
See Open Jobs
6. Zoosk
Zoosk is an online dating company that utilizes a unique matchmaking technology to help its members find the perfect match. With over 26 million active members and the #1 online dating app on the market, it’s a proven leader in mobile dating—and with members hailing from 80 countries worldwide, Zoosk’s on a mission to empower everyone to lead a fulfilling love life.
The team is also passionate about its pets. Plenty of employees bring their pups into the large, expansive San Francisco workspace every day, and team members regularly get together out of the office to volunteer at animal shelters. Pets are even invited to post-work events: Just check these guys out , having fun at a company picnic!
See Open Jobs
7. Kiva
Kiva is working hard to change the world: Through the microlending platform, anyone can lend $25 to a borrower in the developing world, making it possible for artisans, farmers, and shopkeepers to realize their dreams and create a better future for themselves and their families.
But the organization also makes time for play, too. Once a month, Kiva employees enjoy what we’ve all missed since our grade-school days: Recess. Everyone takes 30 minutes off of work to enjoy food, music, and unstructured playtime at the office with—you guessed it—the pups who are welcome at the office every day.
See Open Jobs
The Muse is your ultimate career destination, offering exciting job opportunities, expert advice, and a peek behind the scenes into fantastic companies and career paths. We believe that you can and should love your job–and be successful at it–and we want to help make that happen. Whether you’re just starting out, changing career paths, or aiming for the C-suite, we’ve got everything you need to take charge of your career.
This article comes from The USA TODAY College Contributor network. The views expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect the views of USA TODAY. You understand that we have no obligation to monitor any discussion forums, blogs, photo- or video-sharing pages, or other areas of the Site through which users can supply information or material. However, we reserve the right at all times, in our sole discretion, to screen content submitted by users and to edit, move, delete, and/or refuse to accept any content that in our judgment violates these Terms of Service or is otherwise unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons.

Oil hovers below $85 after hitting new 4-year lowOil hovers below $85 after hitting new 4-year low
Exit polls give BJP edge in Maharashtra assembly electionsExit polls give BJP edge in Maharashtra assembly elections
SC ruling only confirms earlier decision: Goa mining industrySC ruling only confirms earlier decision: Goa mining industry
Assembly Elections: 31% turnout in Maharashtra  44.4% in HaryanaAssembly Elections: 31% turnout in Maharashtra  44.4% in Haryana
Indian Super League  Opening ceremonyUpdated: October 12, 2014 18:43 IST
Indian Super League — Opening ceremony
Internet Desk
PTI Rehearsal on the eve of ISL (Indian Super League) at Salt Lake stadium in Kolkata on Saturday.
TOPICS
Indian Super League 2014 opening ceremony
Priyanka lastly welcomed Nita Ambani, chairperson, Football Sports Development.
Priyanka added that these men are going to make fooball history in India.
— Indian Super League (@IndSuperLeague) October 12, 2014
Last but not the least, maestro Sachin Tendulkar and David James (Kerala Blasters) were welcomed with a loud roar from the crowd.
Ranbir Kapoor and Fredrik Ljumgbert from Mumbai City FC were welcomed next.
Hirithik Roshan and David Trezeguet (FC Pune City) were welcomed next.
Abhishek Bachchan and Elano Blumer (Chennaiyin FC) were welcomed by Bollywood diva Priyanka Chopra.
Dattaraj Salgoacar and Robert Pires (FC Goa) were welcomed next.
Third, John Abraham and Ricki Herbert (NorthEAst United FC) was introduced.
Next were Parineeti Chopra and Alessandro del Piero (Delhi Dynamos).
Ganguly and Luis Garcia (Atletico de Kolkata) were introduced first by Priyanka. There was a loud cheer for the local boy Sourav Ganguly.
Bollywood diva introduced Sourav Ganguly and Luis Garcia (for Atletico de Kolkata), Parineeti Chopra and Alessandro del Piero (Delhi Dynamos), John Abraham and Ricki Herbert (NorthEast United FC), Dattaraj Salgaocar and Robert Pires (FC Goa), Abhishek Bachchan and Elano Blumer (Chennaiyin FC), Hrithik Roshan and David Trezeguet (FC Pune City), Ranbir Kapoor and Fredrik Ljungberg (Mumbai City FC) and Sachin Tendulkar and David James (Kerala Blasters) represented the participating teams. -- Amitabha Das Sharma
Priyanka mesmerised the crowd with her various styles of dancing. Priyanka said "Kolkata breathe football"
Bollywood diva Priyanka Chopra was welcomed with a huge roar. Priyanka Chopra performed to a medley. Priyanka performed for a song from "Gunday".
Salim-Suleiman Merchant enthralled the crowd for the sake football.
Aslam Dhol performed Delhi Dynamos music and the crowd enjoyed it thoroughly.
Pune music being played with much fervour.
Taufiq Qureshi performs on behalf of Mumbai FC team.
The music from the participating teams were being played.
Beautiful sights and sounds here at the Salt Lake Stadium. How're you enjoying it? #HeroISL #LetsFootball pic.twitter.com/U3O0DLhgQZ
— Indian Super League (@IndSuperLeague) October 12, 2014
The artists from Kerala came out to mesmerise the audiences.
Drums Sivamani in his usual self enthrals the crowd, mesmerised the audience.
This is truly the birth of a footballing nation!
Beautiful performance from the artists and it was a splendid performance for the gala opening ceremony of the Hero Indian Super League
The giant Salt Lake Stadium, with around 1,20,000 capacity came alive with a dash of colour, lights and fireworks.
Child artists perform with lights in their hands
The West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee accompanied by Sanjiv Goenka, Vice-Chairman of RPG Enterprises and co-woner of Atletico Kolkata, Praful Patel, AIFF president and Nita Ambani, Chairperson of IMG-Reliance & founding Chairperson of Football Sports Development, made a joint appearance to declare the tournament open. - Amitabha Das Sharma from Kolkata
Fireworks glitter all over the Salt Lake stadium.
"Football can conquer the world!" - Mamata Banerjee, West Bengal Chief Minister said.
Praful Patel, chairman, All India Football Federation welcomes the gathering and congratulates all the team members and team owners. "Dream come today" said Praful Patel in his address. "To take football to the nook and corner of India", he said.He also congratulates Nita Ambani for her sterling efforts and wish her super success.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee welcomes the gathering with Nita Ambani and Praful Patel besides her.
Let's football is the theme of the Hero Indian Super League. West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee is being welcomed. Praful Patel is welcomed. Nita Ambani is welcomed.
Abhishek Bachchan with his father Amitabh Bachchan are at the stadium to witness the glittering opening ceremony.
Grand opening of Hero Indian Super League 2014. Salt Lake Stadium is glittered with lights and fans have filled the stadium
All the owners with West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, Nita Ambani, chairperson of Football Sports Development of India are expected to arrive
@Cricket_Big4 Never miss a moment! Click here to get the complete #HeroISL match schedule: http://t.co/U1Q3lGr6gJ (17:19:32)
— Indian Super League (@IndSuperLeague) October 12, 2014
Priyanka Chopra just before her performance! #HeroISL pic.twitter.com/6WR3Aby5Go
— Indian Super League (@IndSuperLeague) October 12, 2014
. @ChennaiyinFC still leading by a mile in our Twitter battle. 45 minutes to go, who will challenge them? #LetsFootball pic.twitter.com/bIcapfK1rB
— Indian Super League (@IndSuperLeague) October 12, 2014
Asian Football Confederation (AFC) president Salman Bin Ebrahim Al Khalifa on Sunday congratulated AIFF chief Praful Patel on the launch of the Indian Super League (ISL) and hoped the franchise-based tournament will increase the popularity of the sport in the country.
He also conveyed his best wishes for the tournament in the letter sent to the All India Football Federation (AIFF) chief Sunday.
“I would like to congratulate you on the launch of the new league. I am confident that this eight-team competition with a total of 61 matches will increase the popularity of the sport in India and will create a strong fan base for Indian domestic football,” the AFC chief wrote in the letter.
Conveying his optimism for the competition, he expected the clubs to help bolster the national football team by nurturing talent and providing them opportunity to showcase their potential.
“The knowledge and experience gained from this competition will also help the clubs in raising their profile and will strengthen the national team in future. I would like to wish all the eight teams the very best and wishing you all the success for this new venture,” he said.
Hosts Atletico de Kolkata take on Mumbai City FC at the Salt Lake stadium in Kolkata in the inaugural match of the tournament.
Fans already pouring in at the Salt Lake Stadium in Kolkata. We're getting closer, people! #HeroISL #LetsFootball pic.twitter.com/QPi1Mp17yx

The 10 States With The Worst Quality Of LifeTweet
The United States is one of the world’s most prosperous economies, with a gross domestic product that exceeded that of any other country last year. However, a vibrant economy alone does not ensure all residents are well off. In a recent study from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), U.S. states underperformed their regional counterparts in other countries in a number of important metrics that gauge well-being.
The OECD’s newly released study, “ How’s Life in Your Region?: Measuring Regional and Local Well-Being for Policy Making ,” compares nine important factors that contribute to well-being. Applying an equal weight to each of these factors, 24/7 Wall St. rated Mississippi as the worst state for quality of life.
Click here to see the 10 states with the best quality of life
Monica Brezzi, author of the report and head of regional statistics at the OECD, told 24/7 Wall St. considering different dimensions of well-being at the regional level provides a way to identify “where are the major needs where policies can intervene.” Brezzi said that, in some cases, correcting one truly deficient measure can, in turn, lead to better results in others.
In order to review well-being at the regional level, the OECD used only objective data in its report, rather than existing survey data. Brezzi noted that current international studies that ask people for their opinion on important measures of well-being often do not have enough data to be broken down by region.
For example, one of the nine measures, health, is based on the mortality rate and life expectancy in each region, rather than on asking people if they feel well. Similarly, another determinant of well-being, safety, is measured by the homicide rate rather than personal responses as to whether people feel safe where they live.
Based on her analysis, Brezzi identified one area where American states are exceptionally strong. “All the American states rank in the top 20% of OECD regions in income,” Brezzi said. Mississippi– 24/7 Wall St.’s lowest-rated states — had the second-lowest per capita disposable household income in the nation, at $23,957. However, this still placed the state in the top 17% of  of regions in all OECD countries.
However, the 50 states are also deficient in a number of key metrics for well-being. “With the exception of Hawaii, none of the American states are in the top 20% for health or for safety across the OECD regions,” Brezzi said. Alabama , for instance, was rated as the second worst state for health, with a mortality rate of 10.6 deaths per 1,000 residents and a life expectancy of 75.4 years. This was not just among the worst in America, but also in the bottom 13% of all OECD regions. Similarly, Louisiana — which was rated as the least state state in the nation — was the bottom 10% of OECD regions for safety.
Across most metrics the 50 states have improved considerably over time. Only one of the nine determinants of well-being, jobs, had worsened in most states between 2000 and 2013. Brezzi added that not only was the national unemployment rate higher in 2013 than in 2000, but “this worsening of unemployment has also come together with an increase in the disparities across states.”
Based on the OECD’s study , “How’s Life in Your Region?: Measuring Regional and Local Well-being for Policy Making,” 24/7 Wall St. identified the 10 states with the worst quality of life. We applied an equal weight to each of the nine determinants of well-being — education, jobs, income, safety, health, environment, civic engagement, accessibility to services and housing. Each determinant is constituted by one or more variables. Additional data on state GDP are from the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), and are current as of 2013. Further figures on industry composition, poverty, income inequality and health insurance coverage are from the U.S. Census Bureau’s 2013 American Community Survey. Data on energy production come from the Energy Information Administration (EIA) and represent 2012 totals.
These are the 10 states with the worst quality of life.

Diesel price cut in the offingNew Delhi, October 14, 2014
Updated: October 14, 2014 19:16 IST
Diesel price cut in the offing
PTI
diesel fuel
Diesel price is likely to be cut by close to Rs 2.50 a litre, the first reduction in more than four years, after code of conduct for assembly elections is lifted.
“You know there is election code of conduct... We will take the right decision at the right time,” Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said here.
Diesel is a government controlled commodity on which oil companies started to make maiden profit only last month. But since election code of conduct had come into place, a cut in prices necessitated by the sharp drop in oil prices was put off.

Can you recognise these celebrity siblingsCelebrity Search
Less famous star kids
Celebrities' children are as much in the limelight as they are, but there are some famous faces who manage to shield their little ones as best they can. Here's a look at some lesser known and seen celebrity children...
Related stories:
These siblings are actors - and they have a very famous father. Yes, it is Shruti and Akshara Haasan. Shruti posted this picture on Instagram on October 12, which is Akshara's birthday
1 / 30
Yahoo India Celebrity | Photo by Shruti Haasan/ Instagram
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 4:30 PM IST
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look
Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Sun 18 Sep, 2011 3:54 PM IST
What do you prefer? Katrina and Kangna's (fake) pout or the fuller natural lips of Kareena and Madhuri? Take a look More » Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Celebrity pets
Tue 16 Sep, 2014 5:30 PM IST
Paris Hilton has gotten a new pooch for herself, which reportedly is said to be the world's smallest Pomeranian, and could even fit in a purse for $13,000. And she isn't the only one with pets. Bill Clinton, had a cat; and MJ had a pet snake! These celebrity pets are as famous as their masters. Take a look More » Celebrity pets
Designer Manali Jagtap gets engaged to Vicky Soor
Mon 8 Sep, 2014 1:59 AM IST
What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Fri 5 Sep, 2014 9:16 AM IST
Deepika was so excited that she gave our photographer a series of funny moments. Arjun was not far behind and the event was a fashion night out. More » What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Today on Yahoo

Stock tanks 28%  DLF may have to lower pricesStock tanks 28%, DLF may have to lower prices
Vandana Ramnani , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 09:31 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:37 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
DLF’s shares tanked over 28% Tuesday, a day after the market regulator barred India’s biggest realtor from selling shares for three years, triggering concerns about its ability to fund projects and repay loans.
Analysts said the Securities Exchange Board of India’s (SEBI’s) Monday ruling could force DLF to lower property prices, leading to an overall correction in the National Capital Region given the company’s market leadership in the region, analysts said.
“We expect this capital-market ban to result in a meaningful price correction as DLF liquidates unsold inventory in its completed projects to generate operating cash flows,” Ambit, a brokerage firm, said in a research report.
The company, credited with building Gurgaon, commands nearly 60% market share in the glitzy Millennium City that borders the Capital.
“If it ends up selling land and development projects and ongoing projects at a discounted rate, it will have an impact on the overall real estate-market sentiment,” said a real estate consultant, who did not wish to be identified.
“DLF’s inability to access capital markets could impact its fund-raising programme,” Macquarie research said. “DLF, in this case, would have to resort to large asset sales to reduce debt in the future.”
Buyers are worried, too. “We see our projects in danger now. We doubt that they will be completed on time. People who have invested all their savings in these projects are anxious now,” said Sanjay Jain, secretary of the Capital Greens Flat Buyers Association, a DLF residential project in Moti Nagar, New Delhi.
DLF had failed to meet the 2012 deadline for the handover of flats that were still incomplete, Jain said. They are now planning to take the company to court.
DLF is India’s most indebted property developer. As of June 30, its borrowings stood at Rs. 19,064 crore, higher than the market value of Rs. 18,701.33 crore.
The SEBI blow wiped Rs. 6,000 crore off its value Tuesday when its stock plunged 28.5 % to Rs. 104.15.
The company might need to dig deep into its commercial properties put out on rent, analysts said. “The only saving grace in its portfolio are assets that earn annual rentals of more than Rs. 2,100 crore. It can always — in the worst case scenario — sell these income-producing assets to generate more than Rs. 20,000 crore which is equal to their total debt,” said another consultant on condition of anonymity.
SEBI has barred the company and six top executives, including promoter-chairman KP Singh, from accessing the securities market, choking its options to raise fresh funds.
The move came after seven years of investigation into the charges that the realtor didn’t give complete information when it went public in 2007.
In recent years, DLF has faced a welter of problems including angry lawsuits by customers upset with project delays and political controversies surrounding its alleged links with Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi.
DLF has promised to “defend itself to the fullest extent” against the accusations and said it was “confident of the vindication of its stand”.

The Decline and Fall of the San Francisco Bay GuardianThe notice on the homepage of the now-defunct Bay Guardian website as of Tuesday evening.
www.sfbg.com
Another alt-weekly is dead. But this one wasn’t just another alt-weekly. It was the San Francisco Bay Guardian, one of the most venerable, staunchly independent, and defiantly weird of America’s great alternative weekly newspapers.
The paper, founded in 1966, is shutting down for “financial reasons,” the San Francisco Chronicle reported on Tuesday. The decision was made by San Francisco Media Co., the parent company that bought it in 2012 from its founder, Bruce Brugmann. “It is the hardest decision I’ve had to make in my 20-year newspaper career,” the San Francisco Media Co.’s publisher, Glenn Zuehls, said in a statement. A notice on the Bay Guardian’s website says the final issue will be published on Wednesday, although one of the paper's fired leaders vowed to SFist that it will " live on in some form ."
Will Oremus is Slate's senior technology writer.
Advertisement
The loss of the paper in its current incarnation may not deal a great blow to San Francisco. The Guardian, like many alt-weeklies, had been sliding for years as readers and local advertisers turned from print media to the Web.
Over the decades, though, the Guardian as an institution had come to stand for something more than just convenient concert listings, seamy classified ads, and snarky coverage of the local political scene. It was an embodiment of a certain vision of the city—a vision of San Francisco as a haven for artists, immigrants, eccentrics, hobos, bohos, gays and lesbians, and any extant members of that perennially endangered species, the local working-class family.
Today, as the city’s booming technology industry drives housing prices beyond the means of even the upper-middle class, that vision has begun to take on a sepia tone.
It was, in many ways, Brugmann’s vision. An inveterate gadfly, he wielded the Guardian as a bullhorn in his endless battles with the city’s business interests, real-estate developers, and his personal bête noire, the Pacific Gas and Electric Co. The paper also reflected the old-school leftist ideology of longtime editor Tim Redmond, who left in 2013 after 30 years rather than acquiesce to the new owners’ plans to slash editorial staff. It was a brawling, muckraking paper whose reporters doggedly pursued injustice wherever their editors agreed it existed—which is to say, wherever the perpetrators were rich or powerful or aligned with the forces of capitalism.
The Guardian railed against the "Manhattanization of San Francisco."
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
PG&E, which Brugmann saw as an illegitimate private monopoly run at the public's expense, was not the only target. In the 1960s and ’70s, the paper led a long-running activist campaign against high-rises and new public transit lines in the city's downtown, which it decried as " the Manhattanization of San Francisco ." In the 2000s it was home to investigative reporter A.C. Thompson , whose Guardian stories were credited with exonerating two local men wrongly convicted of murder. 
It was also the purveyor of such hard-hitting features as an annual special issue on nude beaches .
The Guardian’s politics were often glossed as progressive, but critics reckoned that was a misnomer. Progress in the sense of modernization or urbanization had little place on its agenda. It could actually be rather reactionary in its defense of what it saw as San Francisco’s historic character. In a city that leaned left to begin with, even former employees admit the Guardian’s editorials often amounted to “preaching to the choir.”
That predictability left it vulnerable to competition from upstart rivals, most notably the SF Weekly, which at times leaned libertarian but was generally more catholic in its outlook. (Former Slate media columnist Jack Shafer was the Weekly’s editor for a brief period in the mid-1990s. Now at Reuters, Shafer wrote an astute piece last year about the forces behind alt-weeklies’ long decline .)
With the latest tech boom, the Guardian's vision of San Francisco is taking on a sepia tone.
In the 2000s, the rivalry flared into open combat, with the Guardian suing the Weekly for selling ads below cost in a bid to drive the Guardian out of business. The case dragged on for years in what the New York Times’ David Carr called “ one of the last great newspaper wars .” The Guardian kept winning in court, but the Weekly and its corporate owners refused to give up—or pay up. At one point the Guardian got so frustrated that it seized two of the Weekly’s delivery vans.
In the end, they both lost. Locked in brutal battle with one another, they failed to meet the greater challenge of the media’s move online, which has punctured the business models of newspapers nationwide. The young readers who once turned to alt-weeklies now turned to blogs.
Many of the alt-weeklies that are now failing in cities around the country will scarcely be mourned. While they trained generations of young reporters and occasionally produced inspired journalism, most were formulaic copies of a handful of innovators like the Village Voice and the Chicago Reader. The Bay Guardian was never quite in that class, but it was a genuine article nonetheless, capturing sides of the city’s character that the broadsheet Chronicle overlooked.
“For all its bluster, the Guardian did a lot of important civic journalism, and a lot of investigative journalism,” said Tali Woodward, who wrote for the Guardian from 1999 to 2006 and is now director of the Master of Arts program at the Columbia Journalism School. “It was the opposite of today’s blog-heavy, commentary-style journalism in a lot of ways, because even though it had a viewpoint and was very political, it was really a reporter’s paper.”
Even one of the Guardian’s former sworn enemies couldn’t muster any joy in the news of its passing. “I feel weirdly bummed out,” admitted Tommy Craggs, the editor in chief of Deadspin, who wrote for the SF Weekly from 2002 to 2006. “It’s just shitty to see what’s happening with alt-weeklies.”
Years ago, Craggs gleefully poured gas on the Weekly/Guardian conflagration with a column in which he subjected a hand-written letter from Brugmann to psychoanalysis by a local graphologist . Yet the Guardian’s demise had him feeling uncharacteristically wistful on Tuesday. “It should have been a fun rivalry,” he said, “but it had a nastiness behind it, especially on the Weekly’s side.”
The saddest thing about the Guardian’s downfall is that the paper has faded from relevance at a time in San Francisco’s history when the high-flying tech sector is threatening to engulf everything about it that the Guardian and its loyal readers held dear. There is a backlash transpiring in the streets, on blogs, and in magazines. For once, the Guardian is not leading the charge.

Serbia-Albania match abandoned following drone stunt  brawlPrev Next
Serbia's Branislav Ivanovic bows his head while leaving the pitch during the Euro 2016 Group I qualifying match between Serbia and Albania at the Partizan stadium in Belgrade, Serbia, Tuesday, Oct. 14, 2014. The European Championship qualifier between Serbia and Albania was suspended on Tuesday after pitch skirmishes involving players and fans over an Albanian flag that was flown above the stadium by a drone. (AP Photo/Marko Drobnjakovic)
Serbia's Branislav Ivanovic bows his head while leaving the pitch during the Euro 2016 Group I qualifying match between Serbia and Albania at the Partizan stadium in Belgrade, Serbia, Tuesday, Oct. 14, 2014. The European Championship qualifier between Serbia and Albania was suspended on Tuesday after pitch skirmishes involving players and fans over an Albanian flag that was flown above the stadium by a drone. (AP Photo/Marko Drobnjakovic)

Obama tax move may ruin $55B takeover$55 billion pharma merger could fall victim to new Obama tax rules
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan October 15, 2014: 4:02 AM ET
 
$55 billion deal halted by tax dodge crackdown
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
American drug company AbbVie's $55 billion merger with U.K. rival Shire may be the first casualty of the Obama Administration's crackdown on inversions used to reduce the tax bills of U.S. firms.
Chicago-based AbbVie said Tuesday that its board of directors is reconsidering its recommendation that shareholders adopt the merger with Shire.
The company's board will meet Oct. 20 to examine the potential financial impact of new regulations announced last month by the U.S. Treasury.
In response, Shire issued a statement that encouraged AbbVie to proceed with the merger, and noted that the drugmaker is required to pay Shire more than $1.6 billion if the deal falls apart. Shire shares plummeted 28% at the start of London trading.
Related: 7 things you absolutely must know about corporate taxes
The merger agreement, announced in July , would have seen AbbVie cut its effective tax rate to about 13% in 2016 from 26%.
U.S. companies can't simply relocate to nations with lower tax rates to avoid U.S. corporate taxes. To get the lower foreign tax rate, they must use a process known as "inversion," in which a merger leads to a foreign partner owning more than 20% of the stock in the combined company.
Inversions have been all the rage lately, with companies including Burger King ( BKW ) seeking to execute the maneuver.
The Treasury's "first, targeted steps" are designed to make inversions less attractive. The rules target loopholes, including one tactic to move U.S. earnings abroad by making a loan to its foreign parent company in efforts to avoid taxes. Under the new regulations, those loans will be treated as U.S. property and will be taxable in many instances.

Promoters take a Rs 5 500-cr in DLF share fallYou are here: Home > Collections
Promoters take biggest hit of Rs 5,500 crore in DLF share plunge
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 02.51PM IST
Tags:
DLF share
(Incidentally, the FIIs…)
MUMBAI: As realty giant DLF received a severe drubbing in the stock market, its promoters took the biggest hit of Rs 5,578 crore in value of their shareholding while overseas investors also took a hit of Rs 1,500 crore.
Incidentally, the FIIs trimmed their holding in DLF marginally to 19.75 per cent in the quarter ended September, from 19.88 per cent at the end of April-June quarter.
Overseas investors have been on a selling spree in DLF counter from March quarter when their holding was at 19.90 per cent.
With a sharp fall of over 28 per cent in DLF stock yesterday, its promoters who hold 74.91 per cent stake in the company became poorer by Rs 5,578 crore.
Dip in the stock has led to a loss of Rs 7,438.67 crore in the company's market valuation, which stood at Rs 18,701.33 crore at the end of yesterday's trade.
There are 334 foreign institutional investors in the company who hold over 35 crore shares in the realty firm.
The number of individual shareholders holding nominal share capital up to Rs 1 lakh stands at 4,34,326, while those holding in excess of Rs 1 lakh is 69.
The hit for small retail investors was over Rs 200 crore, while that for HNIs was Rs 48 crore.
Sebi has barred DLF as well as its six top executives, including chairman and main promoter K P Singh, from the securities market for 3 years for "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its IPO.
Besides chairman and main promoter K P Singh, those barred from the markets include his son Rajiv Singh (Vice Chairman), daughter Pia Singh (Whole Time Director), Managing Director T C Goyal, former CFO Ramesh Sanka and former ED (Legal) Kameshwar Swarup.
DLF said it has not violated any laws and it would defend its position against any adverse findings in the Sebi order.
While the regulator has not imposed any monetary penalty, the prohibition order would bar DLF and the six persons, from any sale, purchase or any other dealings in securities markets for a period of three years, including for raising funds.
DLF had over Rs 19,000 crore of debt as on June 30, 2014, while its already-proposed fund raising plans include nearly Rs 3,500 crore through issue of certain bonds to lower debts.
This is one of the rare orders by Sebi where it has barred a bluechip firm and its top promoter/executives. The order can be challenged at Securities Appellate Tribunal.
DLF is the largest real estate group in the country with nearly Rs 10,000 crore annual turnover and market value of over Rs 26,000 crore. Its market cap had crossed Rs one lakh crore mark soon after its listing in 2007, but fell later.
DLF's IPO in 2007 had fetched Rs 9,187 crore, the biggest IPO in the country at that time.
Noting that a ban on DLF from capital markets for a period of three years is indeed serious, proxy advisory firm IiAS said it "questions whether DLF should remain a front-line index stock?"
  "Being part of the CNX Nifty, DLF attracts several equity retail and institutional shareholders. Index funds will also be required to hold the stock in the almost the same measure as its weight in the index.
"But, with the recent Sebi order, markets must question whether it should remain a constituent of a principal index," Institutional Investor Advisory Services (IiAS) said in a report on Tuesday.
IiAS also said that Sebi's order against DLF sends out a strong message to promoters and management to take the disclosure requirements under the law seriously.
"This is another strong message for corporate India to better its governance standards. This order also showcases the impact that a single investor or counterpart (since the entire investigation emanated from a business transaction) can have," it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Capital raising through QIP in first half tops Rs 20k croreCapital raising via QIP in first half tops Rs 20,000 cr
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 15, 2014 10:08 PM IST
Listed companies have raised a little more than Rs 20,000 crore through qualified institutional placements (QIPs) in the first six months of financial year 2014-15, the most in five years.
The capital raising was buoyed by a sharp rally in the stock market and robust inflows from foreign institutional investors (FIIs).
Nearly Rs 20,600 crore was raised through QIPs and institutional placement programmes (IPP) between April and September, according to Prime Database.
QIP and IPP are the two fund raising routes meant for institutional investors such as FIIs, mutual funds and insurance companies.
The amount raised by India Inc through these routes in the first half of FY15 was nearly four times more than the same period of 2013-14 and most since FY10.
In the first six months of FY15, there were a total of 19 QIPs and one IPP, compared to three QIPs and 10 IPPs in the April-September period of the FY14.
The total funds raised through these routes this year could be more than Rs 30,000 crore.
“There was a pent-up demand for capital, which is now being released,” said Pranav Haldea, managing director, Prime Database.
“The pipeline, too, is extremely robust, comprising issuers from the private sector, as also several banks which have announced QIP plans to raise additional capital, all of which is likely to materialise in the near future.”
Experts said the equity capital raised by companies was to repay debt and repair their balance sheets.
The biggest QIP offering in the first half was by Reliance Communications, which raised Rs 4,808 crore.

Markets tomorrow! Top 10 stocks that ll be hogging the limelightTen stocks in focus in Thursday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 15, 2014, 05.25PM IST
Tags:
focus
(For Nifty the level of 7830…)
NEW DELHI: After a flat close in the previous session, BSE Sensex is expected to trade in a range on Thursday amid volatility.
Technically speaking, for Nifty the level of 7830 - 7800 is now an immediate term support for the index whereas it face a stiff resistance around 7925 and beyond that at 7975.
"Excessive intraday volatility is key concern now as the day traders are losing in both the directions. We believe this volatility will continue in days to come due to earning season," says Jayant Manglik, President-Retail Distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"Hence, traders should keep a check on position size and maintain hedge in leveraged positions. Broadly, our negative view on Nifty index is still intact," he added.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
IOC, BPCL, HPCL: State-owned oil marketing companies will be in focus after they slashed petrol prices by Rs 1.20 per litre in Delhi, bringing the fuel to lowest level in 16 months and helping Indian consumers gain from the steep fall in global crude oil.
TCS: The IT major is expected to lead the pack in terms of revenue growth and in bottom line growth. Analysts expect TCS to report a 5.4 per cent QoQ rise in net profit to Rs 5330 crore, aided mainly by higher margins.
Bajaj Auto Ltd: Bajaj Auto reported a 29.41 per cent decline in net profit at Rs 590.9 crore for the three months ended September, hit by a one-time expense of Rs 340.29 crore related to Pantnagar plant in Uttarakhand.
Future Retail Ltd: Kishore Biyani-promoted Future Retail has received market regulator Sebi's approval to raise up to Rs 1,600 crore through rights issue.
Sun Pharma & Ranbaxy: Ranbaxy Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries are likely to be advised to sell parts of their businesses before the Competition Commission of India (CCI) approves their merger, said media reports.
Tata Motors Ltd: Tata Motors today said it has received another order to supply 928 Tata Marcopolo built buses to the State Transport Authorities in South India.
IOC: Indian Oil Corporation will invest $4 billion in the British Columbia province, Canada, to source liquefied natural gas from the region. IOC, in May, signed a deal to buy 10 per cent stake in shale-gas assets and a linked liquefied natural gas (LNG) project in British Columbia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

In pics: Bihar CM s chopper gets pushcart treatmentComments
Bihar chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi’s helicopter got stuck in slush caused by heavy rainfall when he flew from Patna to Samastipur in north Bihar for a function on Tuesday. Security personnel had to push it to a dry spot before the female pilot could make it airborne for the CM’s return journey.
Bihar chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi’s helicopter. (Credit: Open source)
 

IGATE Q3 profit rises 17 per cent at $37.3 millionIGATE Q3 profit rises 17 per cent at $37.3 million
Tablet sales slowing in 2014  says GartnerYou are here: Home > Collections > Gartner
Tablet sales slowing in 2014, says Gartner
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 07.25PM IST
Tags:
Gartner
(The company projects worldwide…)
NEW DELHI: As consumers are opting for other device options like hybrids and two-in-one, global tablet sales are showing a slowing trend with the smart devices expected to contribute to less than 10 per cent of all devices in 2014, research firm Gartner said today.
The company projects worldwide tablet sales worldwide to touch 229 million units this year, which is a 11 per cent growth over 2013 and represents 9.5 per cent of total worldwide device sales in 2014. In 2013, tablet sales grew 55 per cent.
In tablets, the downward trend stems from the slowdown in basic ultramobiles, new sales of iPads and Android tablets, and the lifetime extension of current tablets to three years by 2018, Gartner said in a statement.
It projects over 90 million fewer new tablet purchasers and 155 million fewer tablet replacements through 2018, it added.
"Some tablet users are not replacing a tablet with a tablet, they are favouring hybrid or two-in-one devices, increasing its share of the ultramobile premium market to 22 per cent in 2014, and 32 per cent by 2018," Gartner Research Director Ranjit Atwal said.
Global shipments of devices -- PCs, tablets, ultramobiles and mobile phones -- for 2014 are estimated to reach 2.4 billion units in 2014, a 3.2 per cent increase from 2013.
"The device market continues to evolve, with the relationship between traditional PCs, different form factor ultramobiles (clamshells, hybrids and tablets) and mobile phones becoming increasingly complex," Atwal said.
Mobile phone segment will continue to grow in 2014 due to strong sales of lower-end smartphones. Sales of basic smartphones (including midrange Android devices) are projected to grow 52 per cent in 2014, while utility smartphone units (including low-end Chinese white box devices) will double.
In 2015, Gartner estimates that shipments of Android devices will reach over one billion in emerging markets, driven by sales of lower-cost products.
Apple's new devices, which target the premium market, will continue to help drive iOS volumes. These devices will benefit from a controlled and integrated ecosystem, a focus on the user experience and a leading enterprise tablet position, the research firm added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

America s Markets: Stock updatesStory Stocks November 26, 2014 3:43 am · Jane Onyanga-Omara
U.S. stock futures made slight gains Wednesday. Here is where major market index futures stood ahead of the start of regular trading: Dow: +0.2 S&P 500: -0.05 Nasdaq: +0.1 In Asia, Japan’s Nikkei 225 (…)

http://s.hbr.org/1qsEmPyhttp://s.hbr.org/1qsempy
http://twitter.com/Harva...http://twitter.com/harva...
Markets shave losses after opening plungeNASDAQ
---
Decliners were one step ahead of advancers on the New York Stock Exchange in the close, with an exchange volume of 1.2 billion and a composite volume of 6.1 billion, the highest in nearly three years.
Just before 2 p.m. ET, volume on the New York Stock Exchange matched "normal" volume for the entire session—3.5 billion shares.
"It's significant because people are truly unloading their positions," JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade, said. "Once we broke that 200-day moving average [people said] let's get out and start over."
Read More Going to be extremely choppy for a while: El-Erian
The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) , widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, cut half its gains after rising as much as 35 percent to trade above 30, its highest level since November 2011.
The U.S. 10-year Treasury note yield dipped below 2 percent for the first time since May 2013, while U.S. economic data was weaker than expected.
In the morning, European stocks closed more than 2 percent lower on Wednesday as investors shunned risky assets on fears of crumbling global growth, weak economic data, and concerns about the political situation in Greece.
"We're probably going to follow the Europe" markets," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital, said. Despite stocks closing in the red, he saw some signs of stability.
"I think investors should take advantage of this selloff," he said.
Kim Forrest, senior equity analyst at Fort Pitt Capital, agreed.
"The correction from the top is giving us room to buy companies that we like," she said. "If you are long-term investor, three to five years, this should not be a concern."
Pisani: Massive volume, somebody buying
CNBC's Bob Pisani reports on panic selling near Wednesday's market open, and what the news AbbVie is rethinking its acquisition of Shire plc has to do with the major moves.
In the United States, transports recovered completely to close up 0.23 percent after a fall of about 2 percent in late morning trade led by a decline in airlines on reports that the new Ebola patient flew the day before falling ill. However, analysts said there were no reports of flight cancellations due to the disease and added that the news had more of a psychological effect.
"Ebola is in the background," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group. "It feeds generally into global growth concerns."
Stocks held to a downward trend after the Fed released its "Beige Book" that said the economy is growing at a "modest to moderate" pace.
In the hour before the close, Wal-Mart fell more than 3 percent on news that the retailer cut its growth guidance.
The reports "helped exaggerate anxieties investors had recently on full valuations," Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott, said. "I think markets are working off technical levels."
Business inventories rose less than expected in August, and U.S. retail sales fell 0.3 percent in September, slightly more than the expected 0.2 percent decline. The producer price index for September fell 0.1 percent as opposed to expectations of a 0.1 percent gain.
"In general the only news the market reacts to now is negative news," Hogan said. Even "economic data is just background noise."
Overall, analysts focused on technicals and didn't think markets were seeing capitulation .
"I think this is just a correction," said Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab. "I'm a long ways from saying we're heading into a bear market."
"The only good stuff is the earnings, but that's backward looking," he said. "We're going to have a pretty solid earnings season."
He added that the pullback would likely cause the Fed to postpone an interest rate hike and that low rates were pressuring financial institutions' profit margins.
Getty Images
Trader on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
U.S. stock index futures lost about 1 percent, with the Dow futures losing more than 150 points, as investors were unnerved by word of another Ebola case diagnosed in the U.S. Also driving futures lower was a major drop in the Greek markets that drove a flight to safety in German bunds, with the 10-year bond trading below 0.8 percent. Other concerns included a deteriorating euro zone economic outlook, fed by another credit rating blow for France, and "free falling" inflation expectations dominated the market.
Read More Greek bond yields pass 7% as worries return
U.S. stocks mostly advanced on Tuesday with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite halting their worst three-day rout since 2011 as investors considered a mixed set of earnings from JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup and Wells Fargo . Intel released positive after-the-bell results and shares of the company gained more than 2 percent in late trading.
Earnings are expected from American Express , eBay and Netflix after the bell.
On tap this week:

Jimmy Johns Makes Its Employees Sign a Ridiculous Noncompete AgreementDon't even think about Subway.
Photo by Wystan via Flickr
Jimmy John's must think it knows an awful lot about the art of the sandwich, because it's doing its utmost to keep employees from taking their sandwich-making skills elsewhere. According to a noncompete clause the Huffington Post dug up, Jimmy John's makes low-wage employees such as sandwich-makers and delivery drivers agree not to work for competing establishments for two years after leaving the company. Noncompetes tend to be used with managers or high-ranking employees with inside information about the business, but it's not even the strangest part of this situation. The strangest part would be Jimmy John's definition of a competitor.
According to the noncompete clause, employees must agree that for two years after leaving Jimmy John's, they will "not have any direct or indirect interest in or perform services for ... any business which derives more than ten percent (10%) of its revenue from selling submarine, hero-type, deli-style, pita and/or wrapped or rolled sandwiches and which is located within three (3) miles of either [their current place of employment] or any such other Jimmy John's Sandwich Shop." The clause, which has come up because of a lawsuit filed against Jimmy John's this summer, has drawn criticism from employees for being broad and "oppressive." Kathleen Chavez, the lawyer representing employees in the case, told HuffPo that the terms of the noncompete would prevent a former Jimmy John's employee from working in 6,000 square miles in 44 states and Washington, D.C.
Advertisement
Rules on noncompete agreements vary by state, but generally such clauses are considered enforceable only when they are appropriately narrow and designed to protect a legitimate business interest. California, which is particularly in favor of competition and the employee's right to change jobs, has a blanket rule that noncompetes are unenforceable. Since Jimmy John's clause is so broad and seems to have little or no vital business justification behind it (what state secrets do those sandwiches contain?), it's likely to be considered unenforceable pretty much anywhere. That said, an unenforceable clause is still problematic if it's scaring employees who don't know any better into thinking they can't work at another sandwich shop—or another restaurant of any sort with a trade in sandwiches—for the next two years.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

India  Finland to cooperate in civil nuclear energyIndia  Finland to cooperate in civil nuclear energy
Ferrari says  We love you  AmericaMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

We are what we ate: Report details U.S. dietaryJonathan Chan
October 15, 2014
Food companies are always on the lookout for what's hot in cuisine. Whether they're setting the trends or riding the coattails of yet another fad, knowing what people want means bigger profits. General Mills took in nearly 18 billion dollars in revenue last year doing just that. Suffice it to say, this is a company that knows a bit about tailoring its products to prevailing tastes.
This year, General Mills released an infographic detailing the top five food trends of 2014. Here's what one of America's biggest food companies thinks you ate this year.
1. More Protein
Consumers are interested in higher-protein products. [Credit: Flickr user "joshbousel" (CC BY-NC-SA 2.0)] View Larger
People in this country are really starting to look at the nutritional content of their food. Consumers want more protein to build muscle, curb hunger, and feel full longer. That means protein. And younger Americans want to get more of their protein from plants and seeds .
2. More Spice
In 2014, some of the most popular flavors were spicy in nature. [Credit: Flickr user "taedc" (CC BY-SA 2.0)] View Larger
America has always been a nation enthralled with novelty, and our contemporary palates are no different. All of the most successful flavors this year were spicy: jalapeño, chipotle, and chili sauce. And yes, that includes the skyrocketing popularity of sriracha , aka "rooster sauce."
3. Less Gluten
One-in-four Americans are cutting back on gluten. [Credit: Flickr user "jm_photos" (CC BY 2.0)] View Larger
More than one in four Americans are cutting back on gluten. This bodes well for people with genuine sensitivities, as 50% of people cutting back refuse to sacrifice taste.
Food manufactures that want to ride this trend should produce tastier gluten-free products. The data General Mills has collected definitely shows the demand is out there.
4. More Desserts
People are shifting to dessert-inspired snacks. [Credit: Flickr user "justinwkern" (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)] View Larger
On the sweets front, coconut is an emerging flavor, with a special shout-out to macaroons. Perhaps... coconut macaroons?
But it's not just coconut; people are gravitating towards dessert-inspired snacks in general, even at non-dessert times.
5. More Whole Grains
Consumers are interested in ancient grains like quinoa and brown rice. [Credit: Flickr user "lablasco" (CC BY 2.0)] View Larger
Did you know that 48% of people eat more whole grains than they did in 2009? And people don't want wheat and oats. Those are your grandpa's grains.
Today's diners want quinoa, brown rice, and couscous. In fact, Americans like quinoa so much that there's a quinoa shortage going on. That's right, folks: We've eaten all the quinoa. Just kidding. But in all seriousness, global demand is greater than annual output.
The Infographic

BJP favourite to win as Haryana sets voting record (Roundup)BJP favourite to win as Haryana sets voting record (Roundup)
Over 50% turnout in Haryana  40% in MaharashtraOver 50% turnout in Haryana  40% in Maharashtra
Approx 64 pc turn out recorded in Maha Assembly pollApprox 64 pc turn out recorded in Maha Assembly poll
NTPC sole bidder for TN  Odisha power projectsNTPC sole bidder for TN  Odisha power projects
Asia markets edgy on lingering global growth woesAsian markets edgy on lingering growth worries, dollar up
By Reuters | 15 Oct, 2014, 06.41AM IST
READ MORE ON » asian markets
Lingering concerns over global growth kept Asian stocks on a tentative footing, with more signs of gloom in the euro zone economy helping underpin the dollar.
ET SPECIAL:
TOKYO: Lingering concerns over global growth kept Asian stocks on a tentative footing on Wednesday, with more signs of gloom in the euro zone economy helping underpin the dollar.
The dollar extended gains after disappointing data out of Germany and Britain checked the euro's recent bounce.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up 0.08 per cent, but still not too far off a seven-month low hit at the start of the week.
Tokyo's Nikkei climbed 0.4 per cent after touching a two-month trough on Tuesday.
Concerns over faltering global growth triggered a bruising selloff in global equity markets in the past week, and investors remain reluctant to buy into riskier assets as the drumbeat of weak data showed no signs of abating.
Overnight, a closely watched ZEW survey showed German analyst and investor morale fell below zero for the first time in nearly two years in October.
Adding to the gloom, the German government cut its growth forecasts, euro zone industrial production fell, British inflation slowed sharply in September and Fitch warned it may cut France's credit rating.
"Risk-off tone continues to dominate the markets as US equities pared most of the gains while Treasuries remain in demand," Credit Argricole said in a note to clients.
U.S. Treasuries and German Bunds have rallied this week, with the yields on the latter hitting record lows on Tuesday after data reinforced fears the euro zone may be slipping into recession.
Page 1 of 2

TCS likely to report over 5% rise in net profit to Rs 5330 crore; here s how to play the stockWhat should investors do with TCS ahead of Q2 results?
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 15, 2014, 05.32PM IST
Tags:
investors
(TCS is expected to lead the…)
NEW DELHI: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) is scheduled to declare its results for the quarter ended September 30 post market hours on Thursday, 16 October.
TCS is expected to lead the IT pack in terms of revenue growth and in bottom line growth. Analysts expect TCS to report a 5.4 per cent QoQ rise in net profit to Rs 5330 crore, aided mainly by higher margins.
"We expect Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) to outperform on revenue growth at 7 per cent QoQ and nearly touch US$4bn in quarterly revenue in 2QFY15 (US$3,954mn), led by volume growth," brokerage firm Karvy said in a report.
Result days are typically marred with volatility and the stock movement is also influenced by the event in the short-term and hence can move in either direction. But technically, one needs to create bets in the larger direction of the trend which is up in this counter, say analysts.
In the last 4 trading sessions the stock appears to have formed a short-term base and is consolidating around its 21-day exponential moving average of 2725 - 2670 as if traders are clueless about the result and waiting to create bets after verifying the result.
"Considering volatility on result day's and uptrend present in the scrip, best strategy would be to create long positions for initial target of Rs 2825 with a stop below Rs 2668 and along with it traders should also buy out of the money put option' as a protection so that if the result disappoints they can participate and make money on the down side," says Mazhar Mohammad, Technical Research Strategist, Chartviewindia.in.
"Besides, this scrip has stiff resistance at 2840 on longer term charts. If it registers a breakout above this level another 5-10% up move can't be ruled out," he adds.
If history is anything to go by then it is clear that the stock trades with the negative bias on the day of result, but gives a strong rally the next day.
In its last quarter results, that is for April- June 2014 period it reported higher than expected dollar revenue at USD 3694 million which was up by 5.5 per cent compared to USD 3503 million in previous quarter (January - March 2014).
"The stock moves up after the decent correction on or before the quarterly result day. If we see stock movement on 17th July 2014, when 1st quarter results for the FY 14-15 was declared, it ended the day with the marginal loss and displayed a good upside rally from the next day," says Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
"Technically, the stock is bullish and after registering lifetime high of 2839.70 on 7th October 2014, it is showing correction on charts," says Gadia.
Currently, the stock is trading above its 50 and 200-DMA with the RSI of 54.52. Immediate support for the stock is at Rs 2632, while major support is at Rs 2430. In near term, if stock crosses its next resistance level of 2740 then it can test the life time high again, say analysts.
We have collated list of strategies from different analysts which can be deployed by investors ahead of TCS Q2 results:
Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd
One can trade in option to minimize the risk ahead of the result. Traders can take long position in the October 2750 call option above the level of 70, where they can keep target of 110 with the stop loss of 40.
If stock sustains above the level of 2630 then with the crossing of its resistance level of 2740,a rally of another 130-150 points can be seen, one should remain invested in the stock and can book partial profit in it.
Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist-Right Horizons Financial Services
Overall TCS is trading in strong uptrend and trading above resistance zone so it would be advisable to hold the stock and profit booking in case of up move towards 3250.
  Normally, TCS lead the IT stocks rally with better performance and future outlook, but this time IT sector is underperforming the market. It would be advisable to buy in case of any downside towards 2400 and existing investor can hold it and partially profit booking as per resistance level of 3250.
Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan
In case of TCS, medium-term as well as long-term trend is bullish. However, the multi month rally seems to have matured from short term perspective.
The stock in the week gone by formed a Bearish Outside Bar pattern on the weekly chart. The bearish formation has taken place at the weekly upper Bollinger Band, which increases the bearish significance.
On a lower time frame TCS has formed a Bearish Flag pattern. Short term momentum indicators are in line with these bearish developments.
Thus trading strategy for TCS would be to sell at current level with stoploss of 2805 for targets of 2550 - 2500 (The levels mentioned are cash levels).
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government oil subsidy bill to be cut by over 60% in FY15You are here: Home > Collections
Government oil subsidy bill to be cut by over 60% in FY15
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 07.26PM IST
Tags:
GAIL
(With international oil…)
NEW DELHI: With international oil prices dropping to multi-year lows, government's oil subsidy bill is likely to be slashed by over 60 per cent in the current fiscal.
The government currently controls diesel, domestic LPG and kerosene and prices them at rates below cost. The losses oil firms thus incur are made good by way of cash subsidy and asking upstream oil producers like ONGC to give discounts.
In 2013-14, the government provided Rs 70,772 crore by way of cash subsidy while upstream firms picked up Rs 67,021 crore tab.
With oil prices dropping to four-year low of less than $84 per barrel, the under-recovery or revenue loss arising out of selling diesel, domestic cooking gas (LPG) and kerosene at prices lower than imported cost this fiscal is estimated at Rs 86,080 crore.
This is lower than Rs 1,39,869 crore gross under-recovery last fiscal, industry and government sources said.
Sources said the under-recovery in the first quarter (April-June) was Rs 28,691 crore. This was mostly met by Rs 11,000 crore cash subsidy from the government and Rs 15,547 crore coming from ONGC, Oil India Ltd (OIL) and GAIL . The remaining Rs 2,144 crore was absorbed by fuel retailers (IOC, BPCL and HPCL).
In second quarter, the under-recovery is estimated at Rs 21,198 crore with diesel accounting for Rs 2,848 crore as compared to Rs 9,037 crore in the June quarter. Kerosene under-recovery was Rs 6,950 crore (Rs 7,524 crore in Q1) and LPG was Rs 11,400 crore (Rs 12,129 crore in Q1).
With diesel under-recovery being wiped out last month and fuel retailers in fact making a profit of over Rs 2 a litre, the share of nation's most consumed fuel in overall under-recovery for 2014-15 fiscal will be just Rs 12,189 crore.
Sources said the government has not account the cash subsidy and upstream share for Q2.
While the government had deregulated or freed petrol prices in June 2010, diesel prices have been raised by up to 50 paisa a litre every month since January 2013. The hikes together with a sharp drop in international oil prices have helped wipe out the under-recovery or loss on diesel.
Currently, oil firms are making Rs 2.25-2.50 a litre profit on diesel, which should have been passed to consumers in form of a price cut but the same has been postponed due to assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
Oil firms lose Rs 31.22 a litre on kerosene and Rs 404.64 per 14.2-kg LPG cylinder.
Sources said the government had provided Rs 1,00,000 crore cash subsidy in 2012-13 when under-recoveries touched an all-time high of Rs 1,61,029 crore. In the preceding year, it had provided Rs 83,500 crore.
Upstream firms had chipped in Rs 60,000 crore in 2012-13 and Rs 55,000 crore in 2011-12.
FEATURED ARTICLES

VC funds to invest over $1.6 bn in Internet ...You are here: Home > Collections > Internet
Venture capital funds to invest over $1.6 billion in Internet of Things in 2014
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 08.35PM IST
Tags:
Cisco
(The US-based firm said as…)
CHICAGO: Venture capital firms are expected to invest more than $1.6 billion this year on Internet of Things (IoT) technologies as more devices get connected to the Internet and increase efficiency as well as quality of people's lives, networking solutions giant Cisco said today.
The US-based firm said as many as 13.69 billion devices have been connected through the virtual medium so far this year.
"10.69 billion things were connected till Oct 2013, which has gone up to 13.69 billion in October 2014," Cisco Executive VP (Industry Solutions) and Chief Globalisation Officer, Wim Elfrink said at Internet of Things (IoT) World Forum here.
It is estimated that 50 billion objects to be connected by 2020, he added.
At present, only 37 per cent are industrial consumers of IoT, he said adding that the number is expected to exceed 50 per cent by 2017.
Investment too is on the rise. During this year, venture capital investments into IoT is expected to exceed to $1.6 billion, Elfrink said.
Internet of Things (IoT) is an evolving space as billions of devices are being connected on the go and consumers are looking for intelligence from connected devices, equipment and infrastructure.
The number of start-ups in the sector has shot up sharply from just 13 in 2013 to 189 this year. As of now, 300,000 people have jobs related to IoT.
Cisco, a leading global networking firm, has 250 public customers with thousands of connected devices deployed globally.
With more and more connectivity, Elfrink said, the area of concern is data security and education.
One area of action for IoT relates to education. Cisco VP and General Manager services Jeanne Beliveau-Dunn stated there is an urgent need to overhaul the education system and re-skill people involved in networking.
"Another area of concern is security. No one is expected to connect devices in an open IP network. As a result, there is expected to be huge demand for cyber security analysts in the not too distant future," Beliveau-Dunn added.
At the Forum, Cisco also announced the expansion of its fog computing strategy along with the second phase of its IOx platform for industrial scale IoT deployments.
Under the fog computing strategy, Cisco's customers can exploit opportunities created by IoT through its ability to offer networking, compute and storage from cloud to fog.
The firm also outlined the components of its IoE Software and Services Suite, which expands its IoT offerings and drives IoE value.
It has also signed up 11 corporations and education institutions to a new global consortium aimed at employing more people, and re-skilling up to 2 million network engineers today.
IoT provides the foundation for what Cisco calls the Internet of Everything (IoE) that includes connecting things, people, data and processes, enabling the transformation of data into information, knowledge and wisdom.
Cisco Consulting Services estimates that IoE can unleash $19 trillion of economic value worldwide over the next decade by generating new innovation, revenue streams, customer experiences and improving asset utilisation, employee productivity as well as supply chain and logistics operations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

VW nudges GM out of 2nd place in global sale...You are here: Home > Collections > Toyota
Volkswagen nudges General Motors out of second place in global sales race
AP Oct 15, 2014, 08.31PM IST
Tags:
Detroit
(VW edged out GM for second…)
DETROIT: Volkswagen edged out General Motors for second place in the global auto sales race during the first three quarters of the year, but Toyota was expected to keep its lead to stay in first place.
GM said Wednesday that is sold 7.37 million cars and trucks worldwide from January through September. But VW said it sold 7.4 million to nudge GM out of second place.
Toyota won't release its numbers for the first three quarters until late October. But it was in first place in the first half with sales of almost 5.1 million, and it expects the full-year figure to be 10.1 million.
Toyota finished first last year with a record 9.98 million sales. General Motors Co. finished second and VW third.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Converse suing over copycat sneakersConverse sues Wal-Mart over copycat sneakers
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff October 16, 2014: 12:15 PM ET
 
Converse kicks back at copycats
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Enough is enough! Converse is putting its foot down.
The maker of the iconic "All Star" sneakers is suing 31 retailers and manufacturers, including Wal-Mart ( WMT ) and H&M ( HNNMY ), for selling copycat shoes.
It wants them to pay compensation for trademark infringement and unfair competition.
Converse, which is owned by sportswear giant Nike ( NKE ), unleashed the legal onslaught Tuesday, filing cases with the U.S. district court in New York and the International Trade Commission.
The lawsuits came only after the company issued about 180 letters over the past few years asking retailers to stop selling imitation shoes.
Converse first began selling its shoes back in 1917 and has since sold over one billion pairs, marketing them to sports stars, rock stars and young people.
The shoes -- also called Chuck Taylors by enthusiasts -- have appeared in classic movies. Sylvester Stallone sported them in Rocky, and John Travolta kicked around in them in Grease.
The brand has held onto its appeal with the cool kids. Nike's latest annual earnings show Converse sales increased by 16% to nearly $1.7 billion in fiscal 2014.
Converse says retailers selling imitation shoes have caused it "substantial and irreparable injury" by eroding its famous brand name and confusing consumers.
Can you tell the difference between the real Converse sneakers and the knock-offs?
In addition to seeking compensation, Converse wants the defendants banned from selling copycat products and forced to destroy the items and all related advertising material.
Wal-Mart and H&M refused to comment on the case.
Other defendants named by Converse include Kmart, Skechers ( SKX ), Aldo Group and Ralph Lauren ( RL ).

How The Tech Industry Ignores Qualified Minority Job ApplicantsFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Tech jobs: Minorities have degrees, but don't get hired
A common refrain from tech companies about their woeful staff diversity figures is that there simply aren't enough African American and Hispanic programmers to fill the demand. The numbers don't support them.
Post to Facebook
Tech jobs: Minorities have degrees, but don't get hired A common refrain from tech companies about their woeful staff diversity figures is that there simply aren't enough African American and Hispanic programmers to fill the demand. The numbers don't support them. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xFPmhr
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
453
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Tech jobs: Minorities have degrees, but don't get hired
Elizabeth Weise and Jessica Guynn, USA TODAY 11:42 a.m. EDT October 13, 2014
Tech companies are under growing pressure to diversify their workforces, which are predominantly white, Asian and male.
(Photo: Getty Images/Creatas RF)
9417 CONNECT 2281 TWEET LINKEDIN 453 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO – Top universities turn out black and Hispanic computer science and computer engineering graduates at twice the rate that leading technology companies hire them, a USA TODAY analysis shows.
Technology companies blame the pool of job applicants for the severe shortage of blacks and Hispanics in Silicon Valley.
But these findings show that claim "does not hold water," said Darrick Hamilton, professor of economics and urban policy at The New School in New York.
"What do dominant groups say? 'We tried, we searched but there was nobody qualified.' If you look at the empirical evidence, that is just not the case," he said.
As technology becomes a major engine of economic growth in the U.S. economy, tech companies are under growing pressure to diversify their workforces, which are predominantly white, Asian and male. Leaving African Americans and Hispanics out of that growth increases the divide between haves and have-nots. And the technology industry risks losing touch with the diverse nation — and world — that forms its customer base.
Lack of diversity could undercut Silicon Valley
On average, just 2% of technology workers at seven Silicon Valley companies that have released staffing numbers are black; 3% are Hispanic.
But last year, 4.5% of all new recipients of bachelor's degrees in computer science or computer engineering from  prestigious research universities were African American, and 6.5% were Hispanic, according to data from the Computing Research Association.
The USA TODAY analysis was based on the association's annual Taulbee Survey, which includes 179 U.S. and Canadian universities that offer doctorates in computer science and computer engineering.
"They're reporting 2% and 3%, and we're looking at graduation numbers (for African Americans and Hispanics) that are maybe twice that," said Stuart Zweben, professor of computer science and engineering at The Ohio State University in Columbus.
"Why are they not getting more of a share of at least the doctoral-granting institutions?" said Zweben, who co-authored the 2013 Taulbee Survey report.
High-tech pay gap: Minorities earn less in skilled jobs
An even larger gulf emerges between Silicon Valley and graduates of all U.S. colleges and universities. A survey by the National Center for Education Statistics showed that blacks and Hispanics each made up about 9% of all 2012 computer science graduates.
Nationally, blacks make up 12% of the U.S. workforce and Hispanics 16%.
Facebook, Twitter, Google, Apple and Yahoo declined to comment on the disparity between graduation rates and their hiring rates.
LinkedIn issued a statement that it was working with organizations to "address the need for greater diversity to help LinkedIn and the tech industry as a whole."
Google said on its diversity blog in May that it has "been working with historically black colleges and universities to elevate coursework and attendance in computer science."
Tech: Where the women and minorities aren't
In his blog post on diversity, Apple's CEO Tim Cook cited improving education as "one of the best ways in which Apple can have a meaningful impact on society. We recently pledged $100 million to President Obama's ConnectED initiative to bring cutting-edge technologies to economically disadvantaged schools."
All of the companies have insisted they are hiring all of the qualified black and Hispanic tech workers they can find.
In an interview earlier this year, Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg said the key to getting more women and minorities into the technology field had to start with improvements to education.
Tech companies lag in hiring minorities
Only half of black and Hispanic graduates with computer science degrees from leading universities are being hired by major technology companies. Percentages of minority staff at seven major companies and minorities graduating with CS degrees from major universities*:
Sponsored by

Inflation near 5-year low; will RBI cut interest ratesA vendor waits for customers at a wholesale vegetable market in the old quarters of Delhi July 10, 2014. REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee/Files
By Rajesh Kumar Singh
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - A smaller-than-expected surge in India's food prices sent inflation to a multi-year low, data showed on Tuesday, giving a boost to the new government that has promised to pull the economy out of its malaise.
Food prices have been at the core of India's struggle in the past two years to beat low growth and high inflation, and Prime Minister Narendra Modi scored the biggest electoral mandate for 30 years in May on an economic reform ticket.
Tuesday's figures showed that lower vegetable prices helped bring down wholesale food inflation to a near three-year low of 3.52 percent in September, and fuel inflation hit a near five-year low of 1.33 percent on falling global crude prices.
The wholesale price index rose an annual 2.38 percent last month, its slowest since October 2009, compared with the 3.3 percent forecast by economists in a Reuters poll.
Benchmark 10-year bond yields hit a 13-month peak as bond traders priced in more aggressive monetary easing next year.
On Monday, consumer price inflation, which the central bank tracks to set policy lending rates, dropped sharply to 6.46 percent in September, the lowest since the latest data series started in January 2012.
"It is heartening to note that we have been able to bring food inflation under control," finance minister, Arun Jaitley, said in a statement. "We are confident that soon we will be achieving a low and stable inflation rate."
But economists say Modi's adminstration has yet to lay out a credible inflation strategy, beyond short-term improvisation, and India still urgently needs to fix a supply chain controlled by middlemen and boost farm productivity to prevent recurring food price shocks.
RISK FACTORS
As well as a prospective pick-up in domestic consumption stoking price pressures, patchy monsoon rains and floods in parts of India this year are likely to keep food inflation high.
Economists say the real picture of inflation will emerge only after November when a favourable base effect fades out and the impact of a sub-normal monsoon rains on summer-sown crops are more visible.
"We will see the lowest reading for inflation in November due to the statistical base effect," Bank of Baroda chief economist, Rupa Rege Nitsure, said.
"So it needs to be seen post-December how inflation pans out as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) wants inflation to come down on durable basis."
Those concerns forced the central bank to leave interest rates on hold last month. And it is still not expected to lower rates until the April-June quarter.
At its policy review last month, the RBI sent a strong signal that it will hold off cutting rates until it is confident that consumer inflation will ease to 6 percent by January 2016.
A sustained fall in global oil prices, which are down more than 20 percent from the 2014 high in June, has brightened the near-term inflation outlook. India imports more than 70 percent of its oil, and every $10 a barrel fall in prices lowers retail inflation by 20 basis points and wholesale inflation by 50.
A relatively stable rupee, weak domestic demand and a favourable statistical base are also expected to rein in price pressures.
But there remains a risk that oil prices could flare up again due to conflict in the Middle East and Ukraine.
Adding to the inflationary concern, India's trade deficit widened to a 16-month high of $14.25 billion in September, which could put pressure on its current account balance and the currency.
This will be a worry at a time when speculation about U.S. interest rates has boosted volatility in emerging currencies.
((Additional reporting by Swati Bhat and Neha Dasgupta in Mumbai; Editing by Louise Ireland))
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

DoT to hire consultant for VSNL surplus landDoT to hire consultant for VSNL surplus land
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 15, 2014 07:24 PM IST
The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) is set to hire a consultant to suggest what could be done with the surplus land of 773.13 acre that the Government is left with after the disinvestment of Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd (VSNL), currently Tata Communications.
The DoT will seek applications from prospective bidders on this soon.
According to a recent communication, the land is with Hemisphere Properties India Ltd (HPIL), in which the Government has a 51.12% stake. The consultant will analise options for demerger and hiving off surplus land into HPIL, following the terms and conditions of the share holding agreement.
In 2002, the government roped in the Tatas as the strategic investor and handed over control of VSNL by divesting 25% of its shareholding (which was at 51.12%). However, before the start of the bidding, 773.13 acres of land of the total 1,230.13 acre was demarcated as surplus land in which the successful bidder would have no interest. This land, it was decided, would be demerged or hived off into a new company.

Oracle forms internal probe team to look into graft chargesOracle forms internal probe team to look into graft charges
RBI to invite applications for new bank lic...You are here: Home > Collections
RBI to invite applications for bank licences: G S Sandhu
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 08.54PM IST
(The Ministry will "very…)
NEW DELHI: The Reserve Bank will soon invite applications for issuance of licences in three categories -- small banks, payment banks and universal banks -- to achieve financial inclusion target, Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu said today.
"Reserve Bank will shortly invite fresh applications to grant licence in three categories such as small banks, payment bank and universal bank to fulfil objectives of the government," he said at a PHDCCI meet here.
Sandhu said preparations were afoot to invite fresh applications for opening up of banks in the identified categories. The first priority of the government, he added, would be for smaller banks.
The Finance Ministry is finalising a Cabinet Note for financial restructuring of the banking and financial sector as also to broad base the debt market to enable corporates access liquidity on long term basis exceeding 25 years so that the burden of interests on them is eased out, he said.
The Ministry will "very shortly" approach the Cabinet with a roadmap for capital infusion plan in public sector banks so that they meet global capital adequacy norms, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Whole Foods has new environmental ratingsWhole Foods' new environmental ratings for your veggies
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney October 15, 2014: 10:48 AM ET
Whole Foods wants you to know if your food environmentally sound.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Is your food environmentally sound?
That's a tough one to answer in the produce aisle of a grocery store. But Whole Foods wants to help.
The organic supermarket chain introduced new ratings Wednesday that will tell shoppers whether their vegetables, fruits and flowers were grown with the environment's best interest in mind.
The "Responsibly Grown" ratings, developed with the help of scientists and farmers, are based on a wide range of criteria such as the use of pesticides, water conservation, waste reduction and treatment of farm workers.
They will be color-coded as Good, Better and Best. These ratings will be in addition to existing certifications for organic produce.
Whole Foods ( WFM ) said the ratings are designed to promote farmers to use environmentally friendly techniques.
Related: Whole Foods stock is rotting away
Whole Foods says an estimated 5.2 billion pounds of pesticides are used globally each year, while agriculture consumes 70% of the world's fresh water. It also says that industrial farming has led to an increase in greenhouse gases and an alarming decline of "pollinators," such as bees and butterflies.
Whole Foods has been at the forefront of the shift in Americans' eating habits towards organic produce and dairy.
But Whole Foods in not alone. Earlier this month, Wal-Mart ( WMT ) announced a new commitment to sustainable food production with four "pillars" that include affordability along with improved food safety, worker safety, and animal welfare.
First Published: October 15, 2014: 10:45 AM ET
Most Popular

Restaurants hit but not flattened by marketRestaurant stocks down but not out in meltdown
By: Bruce Horovitz October 15, 2014 11:16 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The early morning market meltdown on Wednesday took a bite out of major restaurant stocks in early trading, but did no serious  damage.
Industry titan McDonald’s was down .61% or 56 cents, to $90.54.
Darden Restaurants , which just named a new interim CEO on Tuesday and got an entirely new board of directors last week, was down 1.18% or 57-cents to $47.56.
Yum Brands was down .96% or .65 , to $66.76.
Chipotle, the Millennials’ favorite, was down 1.03% or $6.69 to $644.48.
Panera was down .41% or .68 cents to $163.73.
Burger King fell 1.33% or .39 cents to $29.00.
Then, there’s Wendy’s , which eked-out a fractional gain, up .19% or .01 to $7.89.  Wendy’s will release its third-quarter results Nov. 6.
 

BJP to form government in Maharashtra  Haryana: Exit pollsBJP to form government in Maharashtra  Haryana: Exit polls
A prize for illuminating lives with blue lightUpdated: October 8, 2014 23:38 IST
NOBEL PRIZE - PHYSICS
A prize for illuminating lives with blue light
Shubashree Desikan
AP Winners of Nobel Prize in physics, from left, Meijo University Prof. Isamu Akasaki, 85, Nagoya University Prof. Hiroshi Amano, 54, and Shuji Nakamura, 60, of the University of California at Santa Barbara, U.S.A.
TOPICS
science and technology
This year the Nobel prize in physics goes to Isamu Akasaki, Meijo University and Nagoya University, Hiroshi Amano, Nagoya University, and Shuji Nakamura, University of California, Santa Barbara, for inventing the blue light emitting diode (blue LED) 20 years ago.
After the announcement, when asked how he felt on being awarded the Nobel Prize, Akasaki said “It’s unbelievable.”
“Their inventions were revolutionary. Incandescent bulbs lit the 20th century; the 21st century will be lit by LED lamps,” notes a statement by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, which awards the Nobel Prizes.
This is a prize that would be after Alfred Nobel’s own heart, because he had intended that the prizes should go to those who have “conferred the greatest benefit to mankind.”
The blue LED forms the long-awaited third in the set (red, green were already produced) of coloured LEDs that can together produce white light, in a way that is environment-friendly and energy-efficient. The blue LED can also be made to excite a phosphor into emitting red and green lights, with the mixture yielding white light.
LEDs basically consist of a junction of p-type (electron deficient or hole rich) and n-type (electron rich) semiconductors. When a voltage is applied across this junction, the holes and electrons flow across the junction and recombine, in the process, releasing light.
They do not use mercury or any such gas as is used in the fluorescent light. This makes them environment friendly. They do not require a filament to get heated and glow to shed light unlike the case of the tungsten light bulb.
In contrast to the incandescent bulbs and fluorescent lamps, the LEDS directly convert electricity to light particles. As a result, there is greater efficiency; in the other two cases, a great part of the electricity gets converted to heat.
The colour of the light emitted by the LED when voltage is applied may range from infrared to ultraviolet. Red and green LEDs have been around since the late 1950s, and these have been used extensively in digital displays and the like.
Junctions that emitted weak blue light when excited by an electron beam were made by Akasaki’s group in the late 1980s. Yet, the extraordinary difficulty in making LEDs that give off blue light of significant strength delayed the fabrication of the blue LED to the early 1990s, and this made it a prizewinning effort.
In the 1950s, the material that was commonly used to produce LEDs was Gallium Phosphide (GaP) with dopants (added impurities) like Zn-O or N. These gave out red and green light.
This led to the commercial manufacture of red and green LEDs in the 1960s. However, blue light still remained a challenge and a quest. After some research, it came to be believed that Gallium Nitride (GaN) was the material that would enable development of blue LEDs. But GaN crystals were notoriously difficult to grow in the lab.
The quest for fabricating the blue LED starting from GaN took shape in the 1950s itself. Researchers at the Philips Research Laboratories had produced light of a wide range of wavelengths from GaN.
However, the material was in a powder form and could not be grown into crystals to create p-n junctions So many researchers were giving up GaN and moving back to further research compounds such as GaP. Even as late as 1973, fabricating single GaN crystals and providing adequate p-doping remained the two great obstacles in the path of making the blue LED.
GaN crystals
It was into this scenario that Isamu Akasaki entered, in 1974. Working first at Matsushita Research Institute in Tokyo and later as a professor, with Hiroshi Amano and coworkers, in Nagoya University, he continued his research. In 1986, they succeeded in growing high-quality single crystals with good optical properties on a base of sapphire, for the first time. Shuji Nakamura, the other Nobel Prize awardee, who was working at Nichia Chemical Corporation, developed a similar method and published these results in a 1991 paper.
Second challenge
Still, the second major challenge remained, which was that making an LED requires a p-n junction. While it was easy to form the electron rich n-layer out of crystalline GaN, producing the electron deficient p-layer remained a problem.
By the late 1980s, Amano, Akasaki and coworkers seemed to have cracked this problem, but almost accidentally. They observed that when Zn-doped GaN was viewed under a scanning electron microscope, it seemed to emit more light. This implied that the p-doping had been improved and that a p-n junction had formed. Similarly, shining an electron beam on Mg-doped GaN showed better p-doping properties.
The duo did not however understand why this was happening and were therefore unable to exploit it. This was explained a few years later by Nakamura and coworkers: Acceptor impurities such as Magnesium or Zinc, which normally give rise to p-type conductivity, are trapped by hydrogen during the manufacturing process.
They therefore cannot perform their roles as providers of holes. When the acceptors get excited by electrons, they get activated and the holes are released.
Nakamura used a different approach to produce the p-layer. He found a simple heat treatment (annealing) would activate the acceptors, thus making the p-layer active.
In order to make the LED more efficient, both Akasaki’s and Nakamura’s teams in the 1990s moved on from simple p-n junctions to fabricating more complex, layered structures known as double heterojunctions.
In such multi-layered structures, the recombination of holes and electrons occurs more efficiently and with minimal losses. Having succeeded in the fabricating the basic structures, the groups then started work on to improving the efficiency of the heterojunctions.
In 1994, Nakamura and coworkers fabricated an efficient double heterojunction consisting of a combination of Indium- and Aluminium-doped Gallium nitride (InGaN/AlGaN).
This directly led to the development of efficient blue-LEDs. The teams did not stop there, they went on to develop more applications, such as blue laser emissions based on GaN, which was observed in 1995-96.
This application has advanced the technology for storing music, pictures and movies.
Today, LED lights are used in smart phones and lamps. White light from LEDs is more power-efficient than from other sources: If the amount of light flux produced per unit of power supplied is 16 for a tungsten bulb, and 70 for a fluorescent bulb, it is 300 for a LED supplied source. This would drastically lower our power consumption if LED lights are used more.
Solar-powered LED lights are also taking the world by storm. From providing illumination to possible future applications such as generating UV light for treating bacteria-infested water, the blue LED has come to stay.

Finland raises Nokia tax dispute ahead of Pranabs visitUpdated: October 15, 2014 00:13 IST
Finland raises Nokia tax dispute ahead of Pranab’s visit
PTI
business (general)
The company is facing a great problem: Finnish President
Hours before the arrival of President Pranab Mukherjee here, Finland, on Tuesday, raised the tax row Nokia had with India, saying their company was facing a ‘great problem’ and ‘other consequences’ were possible due to lack of clarity and stability of rules.
Finnish President Sauli Niinisto said in the present situation, investors would be having a question whether they should take risk or not. However, he did not elaborate on what the other consequences can be.
“The Nokia and Vodafone cases have raised some thinking, and it is possible that certain investors are careful and prudent. I have not been aware of what governments have been doing. I just would like to point out that usually one needs clarity, you have to know the exact rules and the rules are stable. I understand that Vodafone has won one case last week, so that is positive news,” he said.
“Surely I understand that it is a great problem for Nokia and other consequences are possible. Investors would be having a question whether they should take the risk or not. They might consider it as a risk. I haven’t been discussing this with others so I would just figure out that this is one element that one has to take notice which is very natural for a businessman,” he told a select group of Indian journalists at this residence on the outskirts of Helsinki.
Earlier, Finnish sources said the Nokia issue would certainly be discussed with Mr. Mukherjee but refused to go into details, citing secrecy.
Interestingly, both — Mr. Mukerjee and Mr. Niinisto — were earlier finance ministers of their countries.
Mr. Mukherjee, who is now in Norway on the first leg of his two-nation tour, will leave for Finland tonight for a three-day visit.

Extend restructuring leeway till April 2016: Banks to RBIExtend restructuring leeway till April 2016: Banks to RBI
Manojit Saha | Mumbai Oct 15, 2014 12:49 AM IST
Bankers have urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to continue regulatory forbearance on loan restructuring for another year. As of now, the forbearance is scheduled to end on April 1, 2015. In case RBI sticks to this deadline, the banking system's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) will rise to 10 per cent from four per cent in March this year.
Public sector banks account for the majority of stressed assets in the banking system.
Currently, banks have to make lower provisioning for standard restructured advances - five per cent, compared with 15 per cent for sub-standard assets (the first level of NPAs - when interest or principal is due for more than 90 days).
RBI had mandated after April 2015, banks had to treat all restructured standard advances as NPAs and make provisions accordingly.
At an interaction with the RBI governor and deputy governors after the recent monetary policy review, bankers had said a rise in NPAs had already put pressure on their profitability. They added if the new norms kicked in from April 2015, it would add pressure on them at a time when lenders, especially public sector ones, would need a huge amount of capital to comply with Basel-III norms.
"We have requested the same level of provisioning for standard restructured advances be continued for at least a year. If the higher provisioning norms start from April 2015, it will put further pressure on profitability," said the chairman and managing director of a public sector bank who attended the post-policy interaction.
Following a 2012 report by RBI Executive Director B Mahapatra on restructuring of advances, the central bank decided banks wouldn't be given regulatory leeway for restructuring debt and all such recast would be treated as NPAs from April 1 2015.
As of March this year, stressed assets - NPAs and restructured advances - as proportion of gross advances, stood at 9.8 per cent, against 10.2 per cent in September last year. At 11.7 per cent of overall advances, public sector banks recorded the highest stressed advances, followed by old private banks (5.9 per cent).

A TV host +makeup = trending celebrity transformationCelebrity Search
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transformations
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look
Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Sun 18 Sep, 2011 3:54 PM IST
What do you prefer? Katrina and Kangna's (fake) pout or the fuller natural lips of Kareena and Madhuri? Take a look More » Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Celebrity pets
Tue 16 Sep, 2014 5:30 PM IST
Paris Hilton has gotten a new pooch for herself, which reportedly is said to be the world's smallest Pomeranian, and could even fit in a purse for $13,000. And she isn't the only one with pets. Bill Clinton, had a cat; and MJ had a pet snake! These celebrity pets are as famous as their masters. Take a look More » Celebrity pets
Designer Manali Jagtap gets engaged to Vicky Soor
Mon 8 Sep, 2014 1:59 AM IST
What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Fri 5 Sep, 2014 9:16 AM IST
Deepika was so excited that she gave our photographer a series of funny moments. Arjun was not far behind and the event was a fashion night out. More » What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Today on Yahoo

8 amazing health benefits of coconutBigg Boss 8
8 health benefits of coconut
Aptly titled ‘kalpa vriksha’, the coconut tree provides a nutritious source of food and drink such as fruit (the inner fleshy part also known as coconut meat), milk and oil which are extensively used in Indian cuisine. Coconut is a powerhouse of essential nutrients like vitamins, dietary fibre and minerals providing wide range of health benefits. Although this functional food has been widely used in traditional medicine, its amazing benefits have been recently unlocked. Here are eight reasons coconuts are great for your health.
Also read:
Share 0
Aptly titled ‘kalpa vriksha’, the coconut tree provides a nutritious source of food and drink such as fruit (the inner fleshy part also known as coconut meat), milk and oil which are extensively ... more 
Aptly titled ‘kalpa vriksha’, the coconut tree provides a nutritious source of food and drink such as fruit (the inner fleshy part also known as coconut meat), milk and oil which are extensively used in Indian cuisine. Coconut is a powerhouse of essential nutrients like vitamins, dietary fibre and minerals providing wide range of health benefits. Although this functional food has been widely used in traditional medicine, its amazing benefits have been recently unlocked. Here are eight reasons coconuts are great for your health – less 
1 / 30

Fund raising via institutions climbs to Rs 20K cr in H1 FY15Fund raising via institutions climbs to Rs 20K cr in H1 FY15
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 15, 2014 02:12 PM IST
Fund raising via institutional investors seems to be gaining traction among Indian firms, with the total amount mopped-up through this route crossing Rs 2O,000 crore-mark in the first half of the current fiscal.
According to a report by Prime Database, companies have raised a total of Rs 20,589 crore through Qualified Institutional Placements (QIPs) and Institutional Placement Programme (IPP) routes during April-September period of the current fiscal (2014-15), higher than a meagre Rs 5,402 crore garnered in the year-ago period.
Of the total fund raised, a massive Rs 20,171 crore were raked in through QIPs and remaining Rs 418 crore via IPPs.
In the first six months of 2014-15, funds were garnered through as many as 20 issuance (19 QIPs and 1 IPP) as compared to 13 (3 QIPs and 10 IPPs) in the April-September period of the preceding fiscal.
According to industry estimates, the total funds raised this year could be more than Rs 30,000 crore.
"It is interesting to note that all QIP issuances in the first half of 2014-15 took place after the election verdict was announced on May 16, thus clearly showcasing the revival of investor sentiment, backed by a strong secondary market.
"There was a pent up demand for capital, which is now being released," Prime Database Managing Director Pranav Haldea said.
He further said, "The pipeline too is extremely robust, comprising issuers from the private sector as also several banks which have announced QIP plans to raise additional capital, all of which is likely to materialise in the near future."
The largest QIP was from Reliance Communications of Rs 4,808 crore while the largest and only IPP was of Muthoot Finance for Rs 418 crore made to comply with Sebi's guidelines on minimum public shareholding.

As inflation rates slide  hopes for RBI rate cuts brightenAs inflation rates slide, hopes for RBI rate cuts brighten
Manojit Saha | Mumbai Oct 15, 2014 12:50 AM IST
With retail inflation dropping more than expected in September and the likelihood that it may drop further in the next two months, observers have advanced their projections on a policy rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
There is a drop in momentum on food price rise, apart from a cut expected in diesel prices.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had set a target of eight per cent inflation in the consumer price index (CPI) for January 2015 and six per cent for January 2016. As a result, many weren’t expecting any rate cut for quite a while. However, after the lower-than-expected CPI data, yields on government bonds opened lower by seven basis points (bps) on Tuesday, though these corrected later to close the day at 8.4 per cent as compared to Monday’s closing at 8.42 per cent.
After raising interest rates thrice between September 2013 and January 2014, RBI kept it unchanged in the past four policy reviews. While this pause is likely to continue in December, many believe that in the February 2015 review, the sixth and last bi-monthly one of this financial year, the central bank will start reducing policy rates.
“We grow more confident that Rajan will cut policy rates from February, after September CPI-based inflation eased to a lower than expected 6.46 per cent from 7.8 per cent last month,” said Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofAML), in a report to its clients. September CPI-based inflation was the lowest since the government started releasing the data in January 2012.
The prices of vegetables and some other foods, a worry for policymakers, have actually declined on a monthly basis and could stay flat during the winter, if not fall further, experts said. If food prices stay flat, a further decline in energy prices will have a favourable impact on headline inflation.
“We expect retail inflation to moderate sharply over the next two months to five-six per cent y-o-y, and rise again in the first quarter of 2015 (as base effects wane). CPI is tracking around 6.5 per cent by January 2015, compared with our forecast of seven per cent,” said economists at Nomura. There is agreement among market watchers that Rajan will meet his January 2015 target comfortably and the six per cent target will be met much before the deadline. “Even after the base effects reverse, it should comfortably meet RBI’s eight per cent January 2015 target,” said BofAML.
“We see a higher probability of CPI reaching the six per cent target (set for January 2016 by RBI) in mid-2015, versus our earlier expectation of Q1 2016,” Nomura said. It gave a 20 per cent probability of a rate cut in the second half of 2015, though it kept its baseline projection of a pause in 2015 and rate cuts in 2016.
One factor that could go against a rate cut is that the decline in vegetable prices might not be sustained. In addition, there is concern that if the US Federal Reserve starts raising rates, this could impact inflows into India. Also, as growth starts picking up, any process of disinflation could be slower.

Arbitrage against the machineRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Stock market scare as Dow drops 350 pointsStock market scare as Dow drops 460 points
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong October 15, 2014: 4:08 PM ET
 
Markets go for a wild ride
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
It's another "look out below" day in the stock market.
The Dow plunged as much as 460 points Wednesday afternoon before pulling back a bit, although a 173 point loss isn't anything to cheer. There wasn't an obvious trigger. Ebola and Europe's sour economy are clearly worrying. Earnings have been so-so, and retail sales data out this morning was disappointing.
October has been a brutal month, erasing most of the 2014 stock market gains. The Dow is negative for the year, and CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index is showing extreme fear.
Most investors are better off not obsessing about the day to day market moves.
But if you're keeping an eye on the numbers, here are three critical stats to watch. There is no "magic number" that triggers a sell-off, but these indicators would be big red flags.
1. We're near a correction, but not there yet
Only a month ago, the S&P 500 index closed at an all-time high of 2,011. At its worst point on Wednesday, the index was down around 9.5% since that September high. That's rough, but it's not quite the 10% drop that would constitute a true correction, let alone the 20% drop that would signal a bear market.
Related: Stocks should fall more. Corrections are normal
Keep an eye on this number: 1,810. If the S&P 500 slips below that, we're in a correction. As of Wednesday afternoon, the S&P is hovering around 1,860.
(For those who like numbers, at the nadir of the financial crisis in March 2009, the S&P 500 closed below 700).
2. Volatility is back: It's getting windy, but not quite gale force wind levels
The VIX volatility index is currently at about 23.
Most days the stock market moves a little bit higher or lower. For instance, the S&P 500 moved less than 0.2% on Tuesday. But since the end of October, the stock market has had numerous "wild swings" where it shifts more than 1% (or even more than 2% in some cases).
Related: Is it time to exit stocks?
That's referred to as volatility. The VIX Index is the main measure of volatility. It has spiked about 80% in the past month -- a huge jump. The VIX was all over the place on Wednesday, but settled around 26. That's a lot higher than the 12 to 13 it was at a month ago.
But the unofficial alarm bell is when the VIX hits the 30 mark. It crossed that line briefly Wednesday before falling back.
3. Investors are putting money into bonds. It's debatable whether it's a 'freak out'
When investors get scared, they don't run to mom, they run to bonds, especially U.S. government bonds. The yield on the 10-year Treasury is a good indicator of just how many people are seeking the safe arms of the bond market.
When the yield falls, you know people are gobbling up bonds.
In the middle of September, the yield on the 10-year Treasury was around 2.6%. On Tuesday it was at 2.2%. That's a quick drop, but the real indicator of a meltdown would be for the yield to drop to 2% or even below.
Sure enough, on Wednesday, the yield fell below that mark several times, although it ended the day above 2.1%.
Dropping below that "magic two" number isn't unheard of . It happened in early 2013 and in 2012 when Europe was in the midst of a debt crisis and America's economic recovery was looking uncertain.
Market jitters are clearly back, but we're not quite in a "correction" yet.
Editor's note: This story was updated Wednesday at 3:45pm ET.
First Published: October 14, 2014: 5:38 PM ET
Most Popular

Treasury yields dive 8%Treasury yields tumble, bond prices soar
By: John Waggoner October 15, 2014 10:17 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Yields on Treasury securities plunged Wednesday as investors sought a safe haven from the stock market rout, and traders realized that the global economy is entering another slowdown.
USA TODAY
The yield on the bellwether 10-year Treasury note fell as low as 1.873%, the lowest since May 2013, before settling at 2.13%. And the yield on the 30-year Treasury bond fell below 3%, to 2.92%. Other government bond yields plunged as well:
French 10-year government bond: 1.13%
German 10-year government bond: 0.75%
Japanese 10-year government bond: 0.48%
“Two percent looks sky-high compared to Germany,” says John Lonski, Team Managing Director of the Economics Group at Moody’s Analytics. “The bond market is finally pricing in the reality of indefinite subpar growth for aging advanced economies.”
Why the bond rally? Investors look for safety from government bonds in times of crisis. And currently, investors fear losing money through falling prices — deflation — rather than through rising prices, or inflation.
The specter of deflation is haunting the markets. Oil prices have plunged to four-year lows on lower demand and bountiful production. The implied inflation rate for the next 30 years, based on 30-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities, is just 2.09%. For the next 10 years, the implied inflation rate is 1.85%.
Even in China, one of the world’s most rapidly growing economies, inflation is a low 1.6% — primarily because of stagnating wages. “Chinese wages are going nowhere,” Lonski says.
And signs of slowdown in the U.S. point to deflation, not inflation. Despite rock-bottom mortgage rates, for example, the 52-week average of the Mortgage Bankers’ index of home buyers’ applications is at the lowest since March 1996, Lonski says. Baby Boomers, once a driving force in the economy, are spending less — partly because those who have lost their jobs in the past five years must settle for sharply lower wages. “They’re going to get contract jobs and do the same work they did previously at lower wages,” Lonski says.
The plunge in bond yields means that the Federal Reserve could delay raising rates until late in 2015, and could even be tempted to embark on another stimulus program. From the Fed’s point of view, an outburst of inflation would be far easier to combat than widespread deflation.
The Fed can attack inflation by raising rates, but it has little room to push rates down further. “There are not a lot a lot of bullets left if things get worse,” says Bill Irving, portfolio manager of Fidelity Government Income fund.
The bonus for the worried: When bond yields fall, bond prices rise. For example, iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF (ticker: TLT), soared 2.4% early Wednesday, before settling at a 0.76% gain, says Morningstar. The 10-year T-note yield has fallen nearly a full percentage point since the end of 2013, when it yielded 3.03%. Investors in the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond have seen their shares soar 16.5% this year.
And, says Irving, mortgage rates are headed south again. Quicken Loans posted a 3.875% rate for 30-year fixed-rate mortgages, Irving notes, making this a good time to refinance a high-rate mortgage.
 

Keeping Portland WeirdCourtesy of Pouregon/Flickr Creative Commons
Every joke you can make about Portland—from its obsession with artisanal coffee and its ludicrous weekend-brunch lines to its touchy-feely local government and preponderance of Etsy stores—is basically true. Portlandia , in fact, is a documentary. But the same quirks that open up Portland to ridicule have made it something of a haven for small businesses—a city where an odd little company can thrive for decades.
A Biz2Credit study earlier this year listed the Portland, Oregon, area as having the second-highest average revenue in the U.S. for businesses with fewer than 250 employees or under $10 million average revenue. (California’s Riverside–San Bernardino metro area was in first place.) The culture of the city supports and celebrates all things local, small, and handmade, and the economics and politics of the city have warded off cookie-cutter strip malls and big-box plazas. That’s why you see a certain bumper sticker around Portland a lot, on shiny Priuses and rusty VW vans alike: “Keep Portland Weird.”
That bumper sticker is sold from the counter of Music Millennium, an independent record store that’s been open since 1969. Record stores don’t tend to survive anywhere near that long (and a second location of Music Millennium closed in 2007), but the ones that have stuck around in Portland have distinct identities—aspects that can’t be matched via online shopping. Music Millennium hosts an annual Customer Appreciation BBQ; Mississippi Records is an all-vinyl store with its own record label and an in-house art gallery.
Advertisement
It helps that it’s possible to live in Portland on what a record-store clerk makes, and a lot of the city’s eccentricity is the result of its residents’ make-do attitude. In the absence of much major industry, Portland has stayed in a strangely comfortable, low-budget zone for decades. (There’s relatively little conspicuous wealth here, but there’s also not much in the way of conspicuous grinding poverty.) That’s made it the last not-horribly-expensive city on the West Coast. The median rent in Portland last year was $969 a month, or about half what it runs in San Francisco.
The necessity of operating on the cheap has led to one of the city’s most celebrated trends of recent years: To avoid the expense of opening a sit-down restaurant, Portland chefs have resorted to cooking in the tiny food carts that are parked in “pods” all over town, with hyper-specialized menus. (There’s a wildly popular cart downtown that serves Mauritian food, and one of the best-loved Portland carts, Nong’s Khao Man Gai , famously built its business around a single dish, Hainanese chicken and rice.)
The small businesses that thrive here are the ones that plan for the long term with their staff and the community.
Another Portland eatery has figured out a strategy to work with small retail spaces: the burritos-and-smoothies quick-service restaurant Laughing Planet Café has a central “commissary kitchen,” which prepares ingredients for its local satellite branches. Franz Spielvogel bought Laughing Planet from its founder Richard Satnick in 2012; since then, he’s opened Laughing Planet locations in Reno, Nevada, and Bend, Oregon, and has announced his intentions to bring the chain to Boise, Idaho, and Salt Lake City, as well. Satnick, meanwhile, has launched another restaurant of his own: the paleo-diet-focused Dick’s Kitchen, whose initial location is just down the street from the flagship Portland branch of Laughing Planet.
The stereotype of Portlanders as stubbornly independent, caffeine-crazed contrarians is true, too, and not always for the best. (The city recently voted down a proposal to start fluoridating its water.) But our refusal to go along with the crowd also works to the benefit of local businesses: Instead of 7-Eleven, we go to Plaid Pantry; instead of McDonald’s, we go to Burgerville, a fast-food chain that operates on wind power and serves milkshakes and fries made with ingredients from Pacific Northwest farms.
A few years ago, Portland entertained several proposals to develop the Burnside Bridgehead, an underused patch of space right in the center of town. One of the leading candidates planned to put a Home Depot there; the other planned a Lowe’s. Neither plan happened, due to a community outcry demanding that the Portland Development Commission keep the big boxes out. Now what’s in the works for the Bridgehead instead is a set of oddball housing and office spaces , including a pair of buildings covered in wallpaper designs and known as The Fair-Haired Dumbbell.
The cornerstone of downtown Portland business is a big box, in its way, but also a local success story: Powell’s City of Books, a gigantic independent bookstore, founded in 1970, which now occupies an entire city block and spills over into a neighboring building. And even Trader Joe’s, which already operates several branches around town, pulled out of a plan to open a new location in the rapidly gentrifying Alberta neighborhood after the Portland African American Leadership Forum complained that what the area really needed was not a subsidized chain store but more affordable housing.
The easiest jokes to make about Portlanders have to do with our fondness for tree-hugging buzzwords. The one that gets tossed around most often these days, sustainability, isn’t just code for “energy-efficiency,” although that’s the case too . The culture of Portland is to think about the long haul, in business as well as urban planning.
Sometimes those two go together. There’s an urban growth boundary —a “green belt”—around the city to prevent sprawl, encompassing a 20-year supply of land set aside for future development. Combine that with the city’s better-than-decent public transportation and much-better-than-decent bike infrastructure, and it’s relatively easy to get between any two points in Portland; frustrating commutes are rare.
The small businesses that have thrived here are, unsurprisingly, the ones that have planned for the long term with both their staff and the broader community. Dave’s Killer Bread, based in the Portland suburb of Milwaukie, started with 30 employees in 2005 and now sells its organic loaves nationally. Dave’s built up its reputation by showing up at basically every farmer’s market and charitable event that would have them and spreading the inspirational story of how its founder Dave Dahl overcame his criminal past. ( One in three of the company’s employees is an ex-con; Dahl himself ran into trouble with the law again last year.) The Milwaukie natural-foods business Bob’s Red Mill is even more generous to its staff: It made headlines in 2010 when founder Bob Moore marked his 81st birthday by giving the entire company to his employees .
Walter Cole is an exemplar of Portland small-business success, a pillar of the community who’s in the Rolodex of every local politician. Because this is Portland, he is also an 84-year-old “female impersonator” (his term). Cole has been operating Portland businesses for more than 50 years—most famously Darcelle XV Showplace, a downtown drag cabaret that he’s run since before the 1969 Stonewall riot, and where his bewigged alter ego Darcelle still hosts six shows a week.
When I asked Cole last year how he’d managed to keep the club afloat for so long, he explained that he’d made sure to befriend its neighbors even in the earliest days, when its neighborhood was Portland’s Skid Row. By the mid-’70s, the Darcelle cast started to get invited to perform at local charity events and fundraisers, and Cole said yes to every opportunity. Cole credits Portland’s open-minded, quirk-embracing culture for making his business sustainable. “In all the 46 years that I’ve been doing this,” he says, “I’ve never been afraid to be somewhere in Portland, Oregon.”

Guidelines to set up small finance banks in few weeks: RajanGuidelines to set up small finance banks soon: Rajan
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Oct 15, 2014 11:14 PM IST
The guidelines for setting up small finance banks catering to small customers would be issued in a few weeks, Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan said here on Wednesday.
Small finance banks have been proposed keeping in mind the goal to achieve financial inclusion through a variety of banking institution models.
Rajan was here to deliver a keynote address on technology usage in banking at awards function organised by the Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology.
He also exhorted the existing banks to buttress their financial inclusion efforts by optimally using technology such as tying up with mobile phone service providers to offer banking services on mobile platforms, so that banking services become accessible and affordable to millions of Indians.
“We have tried very hard to get banks co-operate with mobile companies. But the transactions are still very low,” he said, while stating that communication and mobile technologies should be an important part of growth and expansion of services.
Rajan noted the regulator had released guidelines on mobile banking and that the impact of new forms of competition should not be underestimated. “That is why we have progressed on putting out guidelines for payment banks... to allow mobile companies and perhaps some software companies and perhaps some retail houses to enter into the business of payment banking,” he said.
To sustain business, these  payment banks should have back-end tie-ups with the regular commercial banks, working as banking correspondents for them. “To my mind, a viable model would be a payment bank which essentially allows the access throughout the country, but at the bank’s end (it should have) a tie-up with a regular commercial bank so that it can offer services over and beyond the payment bank,” Rajan said. He added that these will encourage more alliances in the banking services field.
He said similar steps should be initiated for small- and medium-size firms as they, too, have similar issues of accessing finance. “We are trying to progress on trade receivable finance where small- and medium-size enterprises that have receivables against large enterprises can actually in an automated fashion have those receivables put up for auction bought by various people with surplus cash — financial institutions or banks — at a discount, such that those buyers get an interest for the loans and small business can get money quickly so they can go out and invest more in the business and grow.”

Opinion: Prepare for a market meltdownOpinion: Brace yourselves for another financial crash
By Steve Keen, Special to CNN
October 15, 2014 -- Updated 1606 GMT (0006 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
Steve Keen says we haven't yet left the last financial crisis
Financial crises end when their causes are unwound, which has not happened, he says
The markets are suffering the worst slide since 2011
Keen says that debt data suggest the stock market was due for a fall since mid-2013
Editor's note: Professor Steve Keen is the head of Economics, History & Politics at Kingston University London, the author of Debunking Economics , and the publisher of a Debtwatch blog. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.
(CNN) -- The stock market's recent jitters have made many investors wonder whether there's a new financial crisis just around the corner. Well, of course there isn't -- because we've never really left the last one.
Financial crises of the scale of the 2007 crash only really end when their causes are unwound by debt repayment, bankruptcies, debt write-offs, and inflation.
In the 1930s, there was plenty of all four. The end result was that US private debt fell by almost 100% of GDP from its deflation-spiked peak of 130% in 1933, to a low of 35% at the end of WWII.
By comparison, the debt cutting we've been through so far in this crisis is trivial -- a fall of under 20% from a far higher peak of 175% in 2010.
We're attempting an economic revival from a debt level that exceeds the worst level reached during the 1930s.
And we thought this was going to work?
It has and will, of course, for a while. So long as we're willing to borrow more than we repay, there will be growth. Rising debt means there is more money in the system, driving up the economy.
 U.S. private debt
Dow suffers biggest point drop of 2014
Boo! October is often scary for stocks
That has been happening since early 2010, when the deleveraging that caused the 2007 crisis stopped, and Americans began to borrow again.
But with private debt still at levels that make the late 1920s seem like a period of sobriety rather than Great Gatsby excess, the headroom to keep on borrowing simply isn't there. So the economic revivals are likely to peter out much more rapidly than they did back in 1990, when debt peaked at "only" 120% of GDP.
Nowhere is this more evident than in that ultimate casino, Wall Street. There, margin debt has already returned to the peak it reached back in the biggest stock market bubble of all time, the DotCom bubble.
The increase then was stunning: having hardly ever exceeded half a percent of GDP before 1990, it rose fivefold to 2.75% of GDP in just 8 years. We hit that peak again in March 2014 -- and we thought it could keep on rising?
Of course, we thought no such thing because, with the earnest assistance of conventional economic thinking, we convinced ourselves that leverage didn't affect stock market prices and that instead prices reflect this ethereal thing called "fundamental value."
To my eye, the real "fundamental value" is our willingness to go into debt to buy an asset.
That willingness rises as rising debt drives asset prices higher. But it also ultimately peters out, since the debt rises much more rapidly than the incomes that pay these debts off.
Then the Catch-22 of financial markets takes over: It takes not merely rising but accelerating debt to keep stock prices rising. Even a slowdown in the rate of acceleration of debt is enough to send the stock market south.
My acceleration indicator has been flagging that the stock market was due for a fall since mid-2013.
It's a tribute to the power of the Fed's Quantitative Easing that the market continued to defy the gravity of decelerating debt for so long. QE was really a program to inflate asset prices since, as my colleague Michael Hudson puts it, "the Fed's helicopter money fell on Wall Street, not Main Street".
But with QE being unwound, the stock market is now back under the control of the not so tender mercies of excessive private debt.
So welcome to the New Crisis -- same as the Old Crisis. The roller coaster ride is likely to continue.

India makes pitch for Chinese investments in...You are here: Home > Collections
India makes pitch for Chinese investments in Special Economic Zones
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 08.58PM IST
Tags:
additional secretary
(The Indian Embassy will…)
BEIJING: After attracting Chinese investments to its industrial parks, India today pitched for China's participation in Special Economic Zones (SEZ).
At a round table with local investors, an Indian delegation comprising senior officials from Commerce Ministry and SEZ developers, discussed the SEZ framework in the country and specific opportunities in select economic zones.
The six-member delegation is the first from India after President Xi Jinping visited New Delhi last month during which $ 20 billion commitment was made by China to invest in industrial parks in Gujarat and Maharashtra.
In the meeting, Indian Ambassador to China, Ashok Kantha asked Chinese companies to build on the successful visit of Xi to India and the launch of 'Make in India' campaign, aimed at ensuring investor-friendly environment for businessmen in the country.
He said that apart from the two industrial parks announced in Maharashtra and Gujarat, Chinese companies could consider investing through the SEZ route which offers a viable option.
The delegation, led by Madhusudan Prasad, Additional Secretary in charge of Special Economic Zones, included senior officials from the Ministry of Finance and SEZ developers such as Sricity Private Limited, Mahindra Life Spaces and SIPCOT Tamil Nadu, according to a statement by Indian Embassy here.
The round table discussion on 'Investing in India's SEZs' was attended by 40 participants.
The Indian delegation will also meet the officials of Chinese Ministry of Commerce and visit Tianjin, Shanghai and Suzhou.
The Indian Embassy will also organise investment promotion seminars in other cities including Qingdao and Chongqing next month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HBO Finally Gives In  Says You Can Get HBO Go Without Paying for Cable Next YearA blog about business and economics.
Oct. 15 2014 11:57 AM
HBO Finally Gives In, Says You Can Get HBO Go Without Paying for Cable Next Year
 
Indeed!
Cord cutters of the world, rejoice! HBO says that starting in 2015, fans will be able to sign up for a standalone version of its online streaming service, HBO Go, in the United States without paying for cable TV. The news comes directly from CEO Richard Plepler, who was speaking at an investor presentation for HBO's parent company, Time Warner. Per Peter Kafka at Re/code :
Plepler said the company will launch a “standalone, over the top” version of HBO in the U.S. next year, and would work with “current partners,” and may work with others as well. But he wouldn’t provide any other detail.
Even that vague statement is a milestone for the HBO, Time Warner, and the TV business in general. For years, Time Warner and HBO have said they’re happy with the existing system, where HBO is sold to consumers by TV providers, and is usually only available to customers who are already buying another bundle of TV networks.
Advertisement
HBO has been served very well by its old model—as Kafka notes, it earned $4.9 billion in revenue last year. So why toy with it and risk the wrath of cable companies like Comcast and Time Warner Cable that are now so integral to HBO's business? A lot of the answer probably lies in this chart.
Yep, no-cable-required Netflix is doing pretty well right now, and it presents some nasty competition for HBO. In any event, broke twentysomethings will soon no longer be able to cite the lack of a standalone streaming package when they steal their parents’ HBO password.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

No  Mainstream Economists Did Not Just Reject Thomas Pikettys Big TheoryA blog about business and economics.
Oct. 15 2014 11:23 AM
No, Mainstream Economists Did Not Just Reject Thomas Piketty’s Big Theory
 
He's probably thinking how it would be nice if people read his book before arguing with it.
Photo by Leon Neal/AFP/Getty Images
Did the economics profession just resoundingly reject Thomas Piketty’s most famous theory? You might have thought so if you were hanging around Twitter yesterday afternoon.
Every so often, the University of Chicago’s Initiative on Global Markets asks a panel of top economists to weigh in on hot public policy issues, such as the effect of stimulus spending, whether Uber and Lyft are good for consumers, or if the minimum wage kills jobs. It's a way of gauging mainstream opinion in the field. On Tuesday, it released a poll on Piketty’s trademark argument that inequality will increase when the return on capital exceeds the rate of economic growth, shorthanded as r>g.
Advertisement
Specifically, it asked economists whether they agreed or disagreed with the following statement: "The most powerful force pushing towards greater wealth inequality in the US since the 1970s is the gap between the after-tax return on capital and the economic growth rate.”
Or to simplify: Does Piketty’s theory explain why the wealth gap has been rising for the past 40 years? Overwhelmingly, the panel’s answer was no, with only one out 36 panelists agreeing with the statement.
University of Chicago
Afterwards, a number of journalists , economists , and other wags took to Twitter and blogs to talk about how Piketty had just gotten a black eye. Sample headline courtesy of the American Enterprise Institute's James Pethokoukis: “Survey: 81% of top economists disagree with the Piketty inequality argument.”
Except they didn't really. Piketty’s Capital in the Twenty-First Century never suggests r>g is the main reason behind the recent rise of inequality. Rather, it theorizes that, in the absence of government intervention, r>g ensures the future concentration of income and wealth. Tellingly, Berkeley professor Emmanuel Saez, one of Piketty’s longtime collaborators, disagreed with IGM's statement, noting: “Income and savings inequality increases are now fueling US wealth inequality. Down the road [r>g] will be central as predicted by Piketty.”
As Justin Wolfers wrote in the New York Times yesterday, some of the panelists did explicitly reject Piketty’s real argument. For instance, MIT’s Daron Acemoglu wrote in a comment, “Theoretically and empirically the case that [r>g] is a major determinant of inequality or even top inequality is weak.” Acemoglu has co-authored an entire paper making the point. Ultimately, though, IGM was asking economists to opine on an argument that nobody was making in the first place.
I found myself wondering: How would Piketty himself weigh in?
“Well,” he told me in an email this morning, “I think the book makes pretty clear that the powerful force behind rising income and wealth inequality in the US since the 1970s is the rise of the inequality of labor earnings, itself due to a mixture of rising inequality in access to skills and higher education, and of exploding top managerial compensation (itself probably stimulated by large cuts in top tax rates), So this indeed has little to do with r>g.”
In short, you can add Piketty to the "Disagree" column, too.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

President Mukherjee looks forward to cooperation in skills development with FinlandPresident Mukherjee looks forward to cooperation in skills development with Finland
62.71% polling for Kandhamal LS bypoll62.71% polling for Kandhamal LS bypoll
Odisha s Rs.5 crore cyclone aid for AndhraOdisha s Rs.5 crore cyclone aid for Andhra
RSS chief gives voting a missRSS chief gives voting a miss
Airline stocks still slidingAirline stocks continue to tumble
By: Charisse Jones October 15, 2014 12:28 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Shares of major U.S. airlines tumbled in mid-day trading Wednesday.
Airline stocks remained volatile Wednesday in the midst of growing concerns about the Ebola virus, and economic uncertainty overseas. The New York Stock Exchange’s ARCA airline index, which has fallen close to 20% since early September, was off 2.46% in mid-day trading.
Among the major network carriers at mid-day, United Continental Holdings took the biggest plunge, down 6.25% to $40.47. American Airlines Group dropped 4.54% to $30.08, and Delta, which is releasing its third quarter earnings report Thursday, dropped 4.97% to $31.16.
Analysts expect third quarter earnings to be strong across the industry, and several carriers saw record profits in the previous quarter. Falling oil prices mean substantial savings on fuel and potentially higher profits for the airlines. But fears about the spread of the deadly Ebola virus, as well as stalling economies in Europe and Asia, are making investors nervous.

Bear market It s here now for 29 stocksEMAIL
National Geographic Channel
The market’s sell-off since mid-September gets investors’ minds wondering: How bad can this thing get? But for investors in 29 big stocks, the answer is already real bad.
There are 29 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including scores of energy stocks like Newfield Exploration (NFX) , high fliers like solar stock First Solar (FSLR) and financial E-Trade (ETFC) that are already down 20% or more from the date the S&P 500 peaked on Sept. 18, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P 500.
Seeing so many stocks plunge 20% is a scary statistic. The broad S&P 500 is down about 8% from its high — so investors are already worried that if the selling continues this could turn into the first 10% correction in years. When investors get into the selling mood, they tend to overdo it. And with such a broad swath of stocks already down 20% — the level considered to be a bear market — it’s getting investors attention.
There’s no question most of the pain is coming to the energy sector. The worst stock since the market high is driller Newfield Exploration. Shares are off a staggering 33%. But alternative energy leader First Solar isn’t much prettier. Its shares are down 27%.
Part of the sell-off is playing out just as it has in previous sell-offs. Savvy investors know ahead of time which stocks tend to get crushed when markets are crashing. Financials have gotten hammered the previous times the market cratered — especially those that count on a robust stock market for trading commissions. E-Trade is down 22%, and Charles Schwab is off 20%. Goodyear Tire is another stock that has weakened in past downturns. It’s off 21% from the high.
S&P 500 COMPANIES DOWN MOST SINCE SEPT. 18 MARKET PEAK
Company

US planes launch 18 strikes near besieged Syrian townUS planes launch 18 strikes near besieged Syrian town
Vivek Oberoi: Mr Modi and the economistsVivek Oberoi: Mr Modi and the economists
BJP on top as Maharashtra sees 64 percent turnout (Intro Roundup)BJP on top as Maharashtra sees 64 percent turnout (Intro Roundup)
AdNear raises $19 million to accelerate global expansionAdNear raises $19 million to accelerate global expansion
No Stance  on RelianceNo Stance  on Reliance
4 Indian warships on Africa  Indian Ocean Region deployment4 Indian warships on Africa  Indian Ocean Region deployment
Etihad Airways revenue increases 29 per cent in 2014Updated: October 15, 2014 16:29 IST
Etihad Airways revenue increases 29 per cent in 2014
PTI
Reuters A Jet Airways passenger plane moves on the runway at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel international airport in the western Indian city of Ahmedabad. File photo.
TOPICS
air transport
UAE’s national carrier Etihad Airways has achieved a total revenue of USD 1.8 billion for the third quarter of 2014, an increase of 29 per cent year-on-year.
The boost was mainly due to rising passenger demand and cargo growth during the summer, the airline said in a statement.
A total of 3.9 million passengers travelled with Etihad Airways between July and September this year, 30 per cent higher than the three million passengers from the same period in 2013.
“Our focus on organic growth, codeshare partnerships and minority investments in other airlines has continued to produce strong results, despite the prevalence of industry challenges such as volatile oil prices, economic and political instability,” said James Hogan, President and Chief Executive Officer of Etihad Airways.
The growth in passenger demand and revenue during the three month period once again outstripped the airline’s capacity increase, highlighting the strength of its long-term growth strategy.
“We are confident about sustaining our profitability in 2014 and there are a number of important milestones in the final quarter, including the entry into service of Etihad Airways’ ground-breaking Airbus A380 and Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner in our striking new livery,” Mr. Hogan said.
Following the launch of services to Medina (Saudi Arabia), Jaipur (India), Los Angeles (USA) and Zurich (Switzerland) in the first half of 2014, the airline’s frequencies increased on eight existing routes, including Dublin, Athens and Chennai.
The airline’s global route network currently includes 110 existing or announced destinations, with flights launching to Phuket this month, San Francisco in November, and Dallas in December.
Etihad Airways remains on track to achieve its strongest ever annual results, having carried 10.5 million passengers and almost 415,000 tonnes of cargo between January and September 2014.

Tata Steel in talks with Klesch to sell some European assetsUpdated: October 15, 2014 23:34 IST
Tata plans to sell Europe steel unit to Klesch Group
Special Correspondent
company information
Signs MoU with the Swiss firm to undertake detailed due diligence
Tata Steel has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Klesch Group of Switzerland to undertake a detailed due diligence for a potential sale of its Long Products Europe business and associated distribution activities.
A statement from Tata Steel said the MoU covers several U.K.-based assets, including Tata Steel’s Scunthorpe steelworks, mills in Teesside, Dalzell and Clydebridge in Scotland, an engineering workshop in Workington and a rail consultancy in York. It also covers other operations in France and Germany.
Tata Steel employs around 6,500 people at Long Products Europe and its distribution facilities and around 30,500 people across Europe, including 17,500 in the U.K., the statement said. Tata Steel is Europe’s second largest steel producer with steel-making in the U.K. and the Netherlands and manufacturing plants across Europe. Its European operation supplies innovative steel rail, rod, plate, sections and special profile products.
“We will now move into detailed due diligence and negotiations, though no assurance can be given about the outcome,’’ Karl Koehler, CEO, Tata Steel’s European operations, said in a statement. “We will regularly engage with our employees and other stakeholders throughout this process, and will consult with the trade union representatives and works councils.’’
“The European steel is emerging from one of the most challenging economic periods in its history,’’ the company said. Tata Steel had acquired Corus in 2007, and has invested 1.2 billion pound in its UK operations, having trained 1,200 apprentices and graduates. It was adversely impacted and is still recovering from the slowdown in Europe, which followed the Corus acquisition.
On the rationale for the decision, Mr. Koehler said the company was making huge strides on its strategic journey to become a ‘premium, customer-centred steel company’. He said the company had decided to concentrate resources mainly on its strip products activities.

China concerned about Indian border road planChina concerned about Indian border road plan
Sutirtho Patranobis , Hindustan Times  Beijing, October 15, 2014
First Published: 17:26 IST(15/10/2014) | Last Updated: 23:52 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
India should not “complicate the situation” along the disputed border, China said Wednesday, reacting sharply to reports of New Delhi’s plans to build a road along the McMahon Line in Arunachal Pradesh.
Media reports Tuesday had quoted Union minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju saying India planned to construct a 2,000km road along the international boundary, from Mago-Thingbu in Tawang to Vijaynagar in Arunachal.
Foreign ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said the government needed to verify the details, but added, “There is a dispute about the east(ern) part of the China-India border. Before a final settlement, we hope India won’t take any action that may further complicate the situation. We should jointly safeguard the peace and tranquility of the border area and create favourable conditions for a final settlement.”
China claims Arunachal — which it calls South Tibet — as its territory.
Hong also said China was “highly attentive to the situation” on the India-Pakistan border, and advised the two countries to exercise restraint and cease fire.
In Delhi, a home ministry official countered China’s displeasure over its efforts at infrastructure improvement, saying, “China has already spread their road and rail network near the border. What we make on our territory should not be China’s concern.”
The unnamed official, quoted by Reuters, added that the road project was waiting for cabinet approval.
China defeated India in a brief war in 1962 and the border has remained unresolved since, despite 17 rounds of talks. The two armies cannot even agree on where the Line of Actual Control, or the ceasefire line following the fighting in 1962, lies, leading to face-offs between border patrols.
In September, India eased curbs on building roads and military facilities within 100 km of the contested border in remote Arunachal Pradesh, so as to hasten construction of some 6,000 km of roads.
The move came as Chinese President Xi Jinping visited India, in a bid to defuse the deep distrust between both countries, despite growing trade and business ties.
Last month, India and China agreed to pull back troops ranged against each other on a remote Himalayan plateau on the other side of the country from Arunachal Pradesh, ending their biggest face-off on the disputed border in a year.
The two armies had mobilised about 1,000 soldiers each in Ladakh, each accusing the other of building military infrastructure in violation of a pact to maintain peace until a resolution of the 52-year territorial row.
India has previously also announced plans to refurbish civil and military infrastructure in the remote mountains, but progress has been slow.
For instance, it has completed just a tenth of a 2,400-km highway to link the middle portion of the sprawling state, plans for which were announced by the previous government in 2008.
An Arunachal Pradesh government official said the administration was committed to the highway, some parts of which will overlap with the new project.
On the recent exchange of fire between India and Pakistan, Hong said, “They should make joint efforts for South Asia’s peace, stability and development.”
China considers Pakistan an “all weather friend” and has pumped in huge amounts of money to build its military and civil infrastructure.
(With Reuters inputs)

Over 64% vote in Maharashtra  75% turnout in HaryanaAfter remaining sluggish for the most part of the day, voting gathered pace in Maharashtra in the afternoon, with the polling percentage crossing 63.4% by 6pm.
Women in Daultabad cast their votes. (HT Photo)
Voters in Mumbai came out to exercise their right in the afternoon taking the polling percentage in the capital to 48% till 5pm, according to reports.
Polling started on a brisk note, slowed down around noon but again picked up, officials said.
Haryana, on the other hand, registered an record-breaking turnout figure, with the polling percentage reaching all-time high of 75.9. 
In 1967, maximum polling of 72.65% had taken place in Haryana, while in 1968, minimum polling of 57.26% was registered. In the 2009 elections, 72.37% polling was recorded.
The state had a very slow start in the morning especially in the urban areas. Stray incidents of violence marked the assembly polls in Haryana leaving 32 persons including 10 policemen injured.
While longer queues were seen in rural areas in Maharashtra , the low turnout in urban areas , especially in the rural areas prompted political leaders and celebrities to appeal to people to come out and vote.
Report of stray violence came from as a group of Maoists opened fire on a polling party at Maskipalli in Chamorshi tehsil in Gadchiroli district. "The policemen posted at the polling centre promptly returned the fire and the encounter is still going on," Gadchiroli police PRO said. Further details are awaited.
Cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, and film actors Salman Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Rekha and Bomman Irani came out to vote in the morning, and urged Mumbai's citizens to come out in larger numbers.
"Go vote, " tweeted Salman Khan, adding that people who were enjoying a picnic without going to vote would be the ones who would complain the most later on. 
Among the political leaders in Maharashtra who have voted so far are Sharad Pawar, and Ajit Pawar from the NCP, Devendra Fadnavis from the BJP, former home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and MNS chief Raj Thackeray.
"I am confident that people will choose Congress this time also for the work done in last 15 years," Prithviraj Chavan said after casting his vote in Karad.
 
"There has been a change in the government at the Centre, major alliances have ended, and all political parties are taking their chances in this poll," he said.
The high turnout for the assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra indicates "polling against Congress misrule", BJP said as it claimed that it would form the government in the two states after winning a decisive mandate from the voters.
 
"We claim that these polling trends are in favour of BJP and we will form governments with absolute majority in both Maharashtra and Haryana.
 
"This heavy polling is against the Congress misrule and corruption and in favour of BJP's good governance and development and credible leadership," BJP general secretary JP Nadda told reporters in Delhi.
Earlier in the day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi  tweeted,  urging voters in both states to come out and vote. "Youngsters should show the way and ensure a  high voter turnout.
The polls are a major test as much of Modi’s personal charisma as his party’s strategy to abandon long-standing allies in search of political majority in two key states.
Just ahead of the elections, the BJP snapped its 25-year old alliance with the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and parted ways with Kuldeep Bishnoi's Haryana Janhit Congress in Haryana.
A victory will not only reaffirm Modi’s appeal with voters but also silence detractors of his new party leadership, which was blamed for a string of defeats in assembly by-elections that tempered the euphoria of his Lok Sabha triumph.

India may get to host FIFA Club World CupYou are here: Home > Collections
India may get to host FIFA Club World Cup
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 09.16PM IST
(With India set to host the…)
NEW DELHI: Amidst the ISL fever prevalent among the country's football fans, an ambitious India are also eyeing to host the glamorous FIFA Club World Cup.
"We will decide in the FIFA Executive Committee meeting in December in Morocco for 2015-16, 2017-18 Club World Cup," said FIFA Secretary-General Jerome Valcke at a function held in the national capital today.
With India set to host the U-17 World Cup in less than three years time, the All India Football Federation (AIFF) is also gearing up to bid for hosting the prestigious U-20 World Cup.
"We will bid for U-20 World Cup. Initial steps have already been taken, besides we will also bid for 2017-18 Club World Cup," said an optimist AIFF President Praful Patel.
Lauding India's efforts in bringing football in the global map, FIFA Secretary-General expressed satisfaction over the progress made by India in their lead up to the U-17 World Cup slated to be held in 2017.
"I am not seriously concerned about the organisational progress in U-17 World Cup will be the cherry in the cake for the business partners," Valcke said.
However, FIFA also put forward a word of caution for the football fraternity that only a good show in the U-17 World Cup will ensure the 'sleeping giant' getting the coveted U-20 World Cup.
"If India succeeds with U-17 Football World Cup, then it can move for U-20 World Cup. Lot will also depend on the quality of U-17 football team," FIFA Secretary-General said.
Asked whether India will be granted special favour or not, Valcke stated that the entire thing will be depend upon India and how they strategise their bidding project.
"FIFA bidding process is an open system. India had won U-17 World Cup as it was the best project. India will also need a strong bid for Club World Cup and U-20 World Cup,' he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prasad clears Samsung investment before Kore...Ravi Shankar Prasad clears Samsung investment on eve of his South Korea visit
PTI Oct 15, 2014, 09.32PM IST
Tags:
Bon-Joon Koo
NEW DELHI: Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has cleared an investment proposal of Samsung in the field of electronics manufacturing, a day before leaving for South Korea to woo investments from companies.
"I have cleared Samsung's proposal under MSIPS (modified special incentive package scheme)," Prasad told reporters here, without disclosing details.
Samsung was among the first set of companies who showed interest in investing in India under MSIPS. Government in July 2013 had cleared Rs 406-crore investment proposal of Samsung in the field of mobile manufacturing.
Prasad will leave for a five-day visit to meet Korean technology giants and invite them to invest in India in the field of electronic manufacturing.
Government has set a target to have net zero import of electronics by 2020.
As per official estimates, Indian electronics market will be around $400 billion (about Rs 24 lakh crore) by 2020 and in the absence of corrective measures to boost electronics manufacturing the imports will be around $300 billion (about Rs 18 lakh crore) by the same year.
The Minister will meet senior officials from Samsung and LG Electronics in Seoul.
"The whole focus of my would be to impress upon them the need to invest in the field of consumer electronics, mobile phones, smart cards, batteries etc," Prasad said.
He said he will persuade Samsung to work in Indian infrastructure segment.
"Samsung is also part of infrastructure. I am also going to impress upon them and persuade to come in infrastructure in a big way because we are now looking at smart cities development," Prasad said.
Besides meeting with industry players, the Minister will attend a bilateral meeting on information communication technology being organised Korean Technology Minister in Busan.
Key senior officials with whom Prasad is scheduled to meet include Samsung's President and CEO Samsung IT and Mobile Communication JK Shin, Samsung SDI CEO Sang Jin Park, LG Electronics Vice Chairman and CEO Bon-Joon Koo and LG Chem's President of the Energy Solution Young Soo Kwon.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Water conservation methods come to a small farmers rescueUpdated: October 15, 2014 22:51 IST
FARMER’S NOTEBOOK
Water conservation methods come to a small farmer’s rescue
M. J. Prabu
Even during the annual monsoon season the region did not get adequate rains. -PHOTO: SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT
TOPICS
agricultural research and technology
A well recharge pit was also dug for harvesting the rains
Appiyampatti, a small hamlet in Dindugal district of Tamil Nadu, is one among the several villages in the state which has been facing a severe drought for the past over five years.
Even during such a critical phase when several farmers left farming and started moving out in search of alternative work Mr. V.Chellamutu remained anchored in the village to continue with agriculture in his six acres since there was no other choice for him.
Even during the annual monsoon season the region did not get adequate rains leading to acute water scarcity.
Deliberate
It was practically a losing battle and he was deliberating to sell off his lands when he happened to interact with the experts at the Centre for Improved Rural Health and Environmental Protection (CIRHEP) at Nilakottai.
“When I explained my predicament to them they assured me of better times and visited my farm and designed it in such a way that when it rains during the monsoon not a drop goes waste,” he says.
“The problem was not something unique to the farmer. In fact the entire region was facing such a situation.
“We thought of guiding the farmer and we were hopeful that others in the region would adopt the same measures,” says Mr. M. Mohan, Chief Functionary, CIRHEP.
For a start the institute studied the rainfall pattern in the region and found that during monsoon, sudden heavy downpours were common in the area. Such sudden and heavy rains tend to wash off the fertile top soil.
This adversely affected land fertility and the moisture holding capacity of the soil. Due to runoff, moisture in the soil was only available for a limited period which was not enough for the crops to grow.
Trench bunds
The institute took up the responsibility of constructing trench bunds in the farmer’s field with the support of village watershed committee.
“The trench helps in harvesting the rainwater and conserves moisture for a longer period. Soil erosion is also arrested when there is a heavy downpour,” explains Mr. Mohan.
A well recharge pit was also dug for harvesting the rains and recharging the ground water. Recharge pits were known to retain the soil moisture for two months even during summer, according to Mr. Mohan.
Grass
In addition, field bunds were also constructed around the field. These bunds helped in conserving the rain water and preventing soil run to the nearby stream.
It is advisable to grow grass on these bunds since the roots of the grass help to hold the soil tightly and prevent it from being washed away when it rains heavily.
The farmer was advised to take up mixed farming where food crops and fodder crops are cultivated on the same farm land.
This ensures the harvest of at least a single crop even during drought years and ensures green fodder for his four milch cows.
The dung from the animals is used as organic manure for the soil and also for generating gas for the two bio gas units installed under the project.
“My position today is better than what it was some years back. I am able to get some income from my crops and milk.
Past memories
“I remember how I had to sink a borewell to nearly 1,200 feet in search of water and was unsuccessful but all this changed from 2013 when our region received copious rain and all these water conservation techniques have made my life a little greener,” smiles the farmer.
Interested farmers can contact Mr. V. Chellamuthu, Valasu village, Appiyampatty panchayat, Thirumalai goundan valasu post, Oddanchatram taluk, Dindigul dist, mobile: 9942759454 and Mr. M. Mohan, mail: cirhepnb@gmail.com, Mobile: 09443805118.

