RBI Opens Door For Rate Cut Early Next YearYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Opens Door For Rate Cut Early Next Year
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 15:56 (IST)
China December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) held interest rates steady as widely expected at a policy review on Tuesday, and said it could ease monetary policy early next year provided inflationary pressures do not reappear and the government controls the fiscal deficit.
Uneasy over India's weak recovery from its slowest phase of growth since the 1980s, the six-month-old government had been seen as favouring an early reduction in rates, but RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said containing inflation was a prerequisite.
"What again and again we have seen in India, and outside India also, is that the way to sustainable growth is to have moderate inflation," Rajan told a news conference. (Read: What Raghuram Rajan Said at RBI Policy's Meet Today )
Forty-one of 45 economists polled by Reuters had forecast that the RBI would keep the repo rate at 8.00 per cent, while four had expected a reduction of 25 basis points.
The RBI's next policy review is in early February, and most analysts had expected the central bank would either cut interest rates then or wait until April.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," the RBI said in its statement.
"However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle." (Read: RBI Chief Says Don't Intend to Flip-Flop on Policy )
India's benchmark 10-year bond yield fell 5 basis points on the day to 8.01 percent as investors cheered the central bank's more dovish stance.
Economy needs more than rate cut
In its statement, the RBI spoke of the need to revive capital investment, and called on the government, which will announce its budget in February, to "stay on course" to meet fiscal deficit targets. Those targets have been jeopardised by weak tax revenue growth and the slow pace in selling off stakes in state-run companies to raise funds.
Data released on Friday showed economic growth slipped to 5.3 per cent year-on-year in the July-September quarter, down from 5.7 per cent in the previous quarter. India needs far faster growth to create jobs for all the young people joining its workforce in coming years.
"Things will not pick up just because of rate cuts," said J. Venkatesan, an equity fund manager for Sundaram Asset Management in Chennai. "A strong reforms push is needed to revive economic growth. That is where the cycle had got stuck."
Helped by tumbling oil prices, India's annual consumer price inflation (CPI) slowed to 5.52 percent in October, sharply down from a peak of 11.16 per cent struck in November last year, but the RBI warned that it expected inflation to rise in December as a favourable base effect wanes.
The RBI has targeted CPI at 6 per cent for January 2016, and the central bank said risks to the target "appear evenly balanced under the current policy stance."
Dr Rajan said if that target was achieved the RBI would then aim for a longer term inflation target of 4 percent.
While there were few expectations that the RBI would cut interest rates this time, officials had told Reuters last week that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley would press Rajan for a reduction when they held a customary meeting before the policy review - though there was no confirmation that meetng took place.
The central bank is not statutorily independent from the finance ministry, but it enjoys broad autonomy in setting monetary policy, though there are plans to amend the RBI Act and incorporate a monetary policy committee that gives voting rights to officials both within and outside the central bank.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 15:56 (IST)

Cabinet Clears Changes to Companies Act for Ease of Doing BusinessYou are here: Home Economy
Cabinet Clears Changes to Companies Act for Ease of Doing Business
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 02, 2014 21:31 (IST)
China December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
New Delhi: Within months of the new Companies Act coming into force, the government on Tuesday cleared a slew of changes to this law to make it easier for corporates to do business and to ensure severe punishment for those raising illegal deposits from the public.
This would be among the first major initiatives by the government to make changes in the country's regulatory framework to improve its global ranking for ease of doing business, where India has been ranked very low at the 142nd position in the latest World Bank report.
The 14 proposed amendments, which were approved by the Union Cabinet on Tuesday evening, also include provision to ensure that frauds beyond a certain threshold would need to be mandatorily reported by the auditors to the government.
To address concerns raised by the corporates, the government has also agreed to relax a number of norms including those pertaining to related party transactions, while resolutions passed by the companies' boards would not be subjected to public inspection.
The new Companies Act, which came into force with effect from April 1 with some provisions yet to become operational, has faced stiff criticism for many provisions.
The new law, put in place by the previous government, has replaced a nearly six-decade old Companies Act, 1956, but the government has been indicating for quite some time that it would bring in necessary changes to address concerns raised by various stakeholders including corporates.
The Companies (Amendment) Bill, 2014, cleared by the Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, would now go to the Parliament to bring into effect necessary amendments to the existing Act.
The Companies Act, 2013 was notified on August 29, 2013. Out of 470 sections in the Act, 283 sections and 22 sets of Rules corresponding to such sections have so far been brought into force.
The government said in a statement that these amendments have been proposed to address issues raised by stakeholders such as chartered accountants and professionals.
To improve ease of doing business, the proposed amendments include omitting requirement for minimum paid up share capital, and consequential changes and making common seal optional, and consequential changes for authorization for execution of documents.
Besides, specific punishment will be prescribed for non-compliance to norms governing deposits taking activities. Such a provision was "left out in the (existing) Act inadvertently".
Enabling provisions are being put in to prescribe thresholds beyond which fraud shall be reported to the central government, while cases below this threshold will be reported to the audit committee of the company's board.
Disclosures for both the categories would need to be made in the board's report, the government said, while adding that this provision has been made at the demand of auditors.
Besides loans given by a company to wholly-owned subsidiaries and guarantees/securities on loans taken from banks by subsidiaries, would be exempted from the purview of related party transactions.
"This was provided under the Rules but being included in the Act as a matter of abundant caution," the government said.
In another major step, it has been proposed to replace "special resolution with ordinary resolution for approval of related party transactions by non-related shareholders".
This would address "problems faced by large stakeholders who are related parties", the government said.
Besides, related party transactions between holding companies and wholly owned subsidiaries have been exempted from the requirement of approval of non-related shareholders.
Further, the government has decided to prohibit public inspection of a company's board resolutions filed in the registry and would include provision for writing off past losses/depreciation before declaring dividend for the year.
Besides, the audit committee of a company would be empowered to "give omnibus approvals for related party transactions on annual basis".
This would also align provisions of the Act with that of the Securities and Exchange Board of India's policy.
Taking into consideration the demand of corporates, the government would rectify the requirement of transferring equity shares for which unclaimed/unpaid dividend has been transferred to the IEPF (Investor Education and Protection Fund) even though subsequent dividend has been claimed.
In addition, the winding up of companies would be heard by a two-member instead of three-member bench.
Among others, "bail restrictions to apply only for offence relating to fraud under section 447 of the Act".
Enabling provisions to prescribe thresholds beyond which fraud shall be reported to the Central Government (below the threshold, it will be reported to the Audit Committee).
Another amendment is to ensure that special courts would try only offences carrying imprisonment of two years or more so that minor violations can be taken care by magistrates.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 21:29 (IST)

Flipkart Founders Put Their Money in This New VentureBengaluru: Flipkart founders Sachin and Binny Bansal have invested $1 million (Rs 6.1 crore at $1 = Rs 61) in Ather, a start-up focused on designing high-speed electric two-wheelers for the Indian market.
This funding round also includes investment from Raju Venkatraman, serial entrepreneur and CEO of MEDALL, Ather said.
Incubated and supported by the Incubation Cell at IIT Madras, Ather was started by Tarun Mehta and Swapnil Jain in 2013 with a mission to accelerate the adoption of electrical vehicles in the country.
Ather said in a release here that with a talented team of 15 engineers and designers, its key focus area is to develop technology to manufacture the best electric vehicles.
This round of funding, the start-up said, will be primarily used for product development.
Prior to this, Ather raised their first round of capital in February this year from Dr V Srinivas, founder of Aerospike, and the Technology Development Board, Government of India.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 22:47 (IST)

Panel for Tax on Cash Withdrawal Beyond Certain Limit in a DayYou are here: Home Industries
Panel for Tax on Cash Withdrawal Beyond Certain Limit in a Day
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 03, 2014 00:40 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: A high level official panel on Tuesday proposed levying of banking transaction tax on withdrawal of cash beyond a specified limit in a day to check black money and was not in favour tax amnesty scheme.
A report by the Parthasarathi Shome Committee, appointed by the previous UPA government, suggested taxing farmers with large land holdings in addition to host of measures to widen the net.
"Taxpayers keep waiting for amnesty schemes to be announced and take advantage of these schemes to build their capital."
"Amnesty schemes also cause inequity among taxpayers, and there is no proof that they improve taxpayer behaviour among evaders. They, therefore, should not be encouraged through amnesties," said the report of Tax Administration and Reform Commission (TARC). It was the third report in the series.
Highlighting that there is no instrument at present that captures details of cash withdrawals from bank accounts, it said such information would help the I-T department widen its information base on the use of black money.
Making a case for Banking Cash Transaction Tax (BCTT), it said: "...IT Act should be suitably revised to include in its ambit cash withdrawals exceeding specified amounts in a day from bank accounts other than savings accounts."
"Alternatively, BCTT should be reinstated as an effective administrative measure."
BCTT was introduced in June 2005 to track unaccounted money and trace its source and destination, but was withdrawn in April 2009.
BCTT was levied in respect of cash withdrawals in a day exceeding Rs 50,000 in the case of an individual and Rs 1 lakh in the case of other persons.
The report further said large farmers should be brought into the tax net.
"Against a tax free limit of Rs 5 lakhs on agricultural income, farmers having income above much higher threshold income, such as Rs 50 lakh, could be taxed. This will broaden the taxpayer base," it said.
Talking about other steps to widen tax net, it said a conducive environment and tax culture should be created to encourage unorganised retailers to pay tax dues voluntarily.
The panel also recommended that wealth tax base can be increased by including intangible financial assets in the base while considerably raising the threshold and decreasing the wealth tax rate.
There has been increase in the number of non-corporate taxpayers for the categories Rs 2-5 lakh and Rs 5-10 lakh over the period 2007-12 but only a moderate fluctuation in the category below Rs 2 lakh over the same period.
Only 33 per cent of registered persons under service tax filed returns in 2012-13 and the number fell short of the previous year's figure by approximately 1 lakh. Also, more than 50 per cent of registered central excise taxpayers are not filing returns.
It also pitched for tax administration measures to improve SMEs tax compliance.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 22:37 (IST)

The One Question to Ask When Starting or Changing Careersreddit
I studied Art History in college. It was January of my sophomore year and I had to choose a major. Up to that point, I hadn't really liked or more accurately, felt genuinely interested in anything. There'd been the sociology and psychology lectures, the African history symposium, French, classic literature and a number of political science classes.
Nothing had really sparked my curiosity until I'd signed up for a class on Cubism the previous semester. It was a small group, maybe ten or twelve students sitting around a large table. We delved into the roots of Cubism, the birth of modern art, looking through a historical lens, a painting lens and discovering how the writers, thinkers and visual artists all influenced one another. I was rapt. I felt alive. This was fascinating.
But soon a new anxiety arose, what was I going to do with an Art History major?
Over the next two years, I threw myself into art and even lived in Florence, Italy for six months, visiting many of the buildings, paintings and sculptures I'd only viewed as slides. But in the back of my head was this nagging feeling. Something was amiss.
As I paid more attention to that voice, I realized that I felt distinctly torn. On the one hand, I loved art. I loved how it represented humanity, our struggles and our history. I loved how it reflected society or asked us to think more deeply about our beliefs and assumptions.
On the other hand, I felt compelled to be useful, to do something "needed." Art is needed but in my 20-year-old mind, it felt like a secondary need and I was being drawn to fill a primary one, like protecting the environment, working for Oxfam or at a homeless shelter.
Even after all that internal strife, I was nowhere near choosing a career when I was about to graduate from college. I dreaded the "What are your career plans? What do you want to do (for the rest of your life)?" questions and purposefully avoided my parents' friends and anyone I thought might ask me those.
Just thinking about graduating and having to answer them stressed me out. I honestly had no idea. I didn't really know what I loved, was passionate about or even liked. I did like art but my interest in it had begun to wane. All I knew was that I felt the need to be helpful. I'd read that quotation about being part of the solution and I wanted to be that but didn't know what form it would take.
Life kept moving and I stumbled along, eventually finding my way. It took about two years of trying different jobs but I did end up being useful -- I became a teacher. Turned out, I really liked it.
When people asked me how that happened, how I chose teaching, I'd often say that I fell into it. Back in college if you'd predicted my future and told me I was going to be a teacher, I would have laughed in your face and adamantly denied it. I hated public speaking and teaching definitely wasn't cool.
Since beginning teaching over two decades ago, I've also worked as an educational consultant, a public relations writer, founded a school (and done the thousands of jobs associated with that) and more recently, become a writer, life coach and psychotherapist.
I wish that, back when I was 20, I'd known to reframe the career question, the one that stressed me out. The daunting, overwhelming question, "What do you want to do (for the rest of your life)?"
The reframe not only makes it doable to answer, it's also a lot more accurate especially in today's world.
Because here's the truth: That question, "What do you want to do (for the rest of your life)?" is no longer applicable. Just as college students overwhelmingly change majors, most of us will have multiple jobs too. I certainly have.
So, the revised question to ask is this: "What do you want to do for the next THREE years?" Doesn't that feel so much better? Isn't it more manageable and actually kind of exhilarating?
If you find yourself in this predicament because your impending graduation is hanging like a black cloud over you or you're simply ready for a new opportunity, a change from your existing job, ask yourself this question. Allow yourself to really delve into it.
What would be exciting to do for the next three years?
What is your heart yearning for?
What skills would be thrilling to acquire?
Where do you feel life is leading you?
Tap into that internal knowing and unlock the answer. Then, let me know what is says!
Shakti Sutriasa is the Founder of DecideDifferently.com, a personal development company committed to empowering people to live more connected and fulfilled lives through coaching, counseling and workshops. Her unique approach combines modern psychology and spirituality to support people who are seeking positive change and self-transformation. Shakti is a Licensed Clinical Social Worker, and has an MA in Education. Learn more at DecideDifferently.com.
Follow Shakti Sutriasa, LCSW, MA on Twitter: www.twitter.com/decidediffrntly
More:

Shakti Sutriasa  LCSW  MAGET UPDATES FROM Shakti Sutriasa, LCSW, MA
 
Like
3
Shakti Sutriasa, LCSW, MA is the founder of DecideDifferently.com, a personal development company committed to empowering people to live more connected and fulfilled lives through coaching, counseling and workshops. She is a Licensed Clinical Social Worker, and holds an MA in Education. Shakti has been an educator for over twenty years and now specializes in working with people seeking positive change and self-transformation. Learn more at DecideDifferently.com
Entries by Shakti Sutriasa, LCSW, MA
3 Strategies for Negotiating Divorce, Children and the Holidays With Compassion
(0) Comments | Posted December  9, 2014 | 2:34 PM
The holidays, for all that we look forward to them, can also bring out stress, tension and emotional tests. And when we add divorce into the mix, things can get even more challenging.
My parents split up when I was a young girl and although I looked forward to presents...
The One Question to Ask When Starting or Changing Careers
(1) Comments | Posted December  2, 2014 | 5:57 PM
I studied Art History in college. It was January of my sophomore year and I had to choose a major. Up to that point, I hadn't really liked or more accurately, felt genuinely interested in anything. There'd been the sociology and psychology lectures, the African history symposium, French, classic literature...
Here's How to Live Regret Free
(0) Comments | Posted November 20, 2014 | 10:37 AM
When I was 28, I moved back to the United States after living in Asia for over six years. I came with my toddler and my new husband and that was about it. Money was tight.
That summer while living on the west coast, I'd planned on visiting my...
I Used to Binge, Now I Don't -- Here's What I Learned
(0) Comments | Posted November 13, 2014 | 10:19 AM
From my earliest memories food was always there. I see my nana serving meatballs, me polishing off an entire plate of food and getting 50 cents, walking to the new Haagen-Dazs for a vanilla cone. Food was there when people weren't. Food was there when we had to move again....
Feeling Afraid? Try Acknowledging It
(0) Comments | Posted November  5, 2014 | 11:51 AM
When I was in my early 20s, I was offered a job in sales and design for a manufacturer in Hong Kong. My office was in a factory located in an industrialized and severely polluted part of the territories. After arriving and settling in, I quickly realized that it wasn't...
Finding Peace Amidst Crazy: Five Quick and Easy Ways to Balance Busy
(0) Comments | Posted October 29, 2014 | 12:04 PM
It's really easy to get sucked into busy. I watch people race around corners, speed talk into their phones, order lunch while texting. And I confess, I've been addicted to busy too.
Not long ago I was a single mom of two, and then started a business. If that...

Want To Be More Engaged At Workreddit
Do you walk through your office doors each morning with a bounce in your step and a sense of anticipation about the day ahead? Or do you drag your feet and feel weighed down by that feeling of dread that's tugging at your heart?
While the numbers vary on just how engaged people really are at work -- anything from 13 percent to 60 percent globally -- there's no doubt most of us would like to feel a little more inspired, confident, enthusiastic and empowered at work.
After all feeling engaged at work isn't just a way for organizations to squeeze more productivity from us, it's also the secret to being able to perform at your best and maintain your wellbeing -- no matter who you're working for or what your job description says.
"Individuals who are engaged in their job have more fun, they feel more connected to their place of employment, they're more likely to have good social relationships and it contributes to their all around wellbeing" explained Lisa Sansom , a positive interventionist who helps bring out the best in organizations and their people when I interviewed here recently.
"And organizations who have higher levels of employee engagement are more likely to say good things about the organization, stay with the organization and strive to put in discretionary effort to get things done, and get things done well."
In fact, studies suggest companies with engaged employees outperform those without by up to 202 percent.  While s ignificantly engaged employees are three times more likely to rate themselves as thriving in their overall lives as those who are actively disengaged.
So what can we do to improve engagement?
"There is no doubt in the research that relationships with our leaders have a significant impact on our levels of engagement.  It's essential that leaders are engaged themselves, communicate openly and trust their employees to use their strengths and do what they do best," said Lisa.
She recommends that three cheap, free and easy things leaders can do to engage employees include:
Smile - one organization found they were able to boost engagement by implementing a rule that when leaders walked past people in the office they looked them in the eyes and smiled.  So when you pass someone smile , say good morning, ask how are you and mean it.
Say thank you - surveys consistently show that employees would love to hear managers say thank you for all their hard word.  It's tremendously engaging and empowering.
Make meetings more positive - start your meetings with "What went well?" to help people share good stories to raise morale and engagement and allow people to feel proud of what they're doing.
"Of course organizations can set the conditions for engagement, but as employees we have to walk through the door ourselves," says Lisa. To feel more engaged -- no matter what your leader is doing -- Lisa suggests:
Try putting yourself in your leaders shoes. They may be suffering from great pressure we don't understand but they're people to so try to practice compassion .
Find other sources of light in your organization. Look for where people are shining in your workplace.  Where are things going well?  Who can you spend time with to fuel and renew yourself?  Instead of saying this is all broken and miserable, try to find the things that are going well and focus on these to help to balance out your stress levels.
What could you do -- starting today -- to improve your levels of engagement at work?
Follow Michelle McQuaid on Twitter: www.twitter.com/chellemcquaid
More:

Jet Airways Begins Formal Discontinuation of JetLiteYou are here: Home Corporates
Jet Airways Begins Formal Discontinuation of JetLite
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 02, 2014 22:22 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Mumbai: Naresh Goyal-promoted Jet Airways on Tuesday began to formally discontinue its low-cost arm JetLite by rolling out full service products on all flights across its domestic network.
"Starting today, Jet Airways will offer a two-class, full service product with a complimentary dining experience onboard all domestic flights," it said in a statement.
The move is a part of a board-approved business plan announced in August to help the airline return to profitability.
The airline further said following this, it will offer connectivity on its all 51 domestic destinations with over 450 daily flights, apart from accessing its 22 international destinations and 135 destinations of its international equity partner Etihad Airways, which owns a 24 per cent stake in the carrier.    
Group chief executive Cramer Ball said the move to a full service brand shows the airline's commitment to continually enhance the service and hospitality.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 22:11 (IST)

What the White House recently discovered about police militarizationBy Josh Hicks December 3 Follow @reporter_hicks
Protesters stand against a backdrop of flood lights from police tactical vehicles in Ferguson, Mo., refusing to leave despite police orders. (AP/St. Louis Post-Dispatch/Robert Cohen)
Federal agencies provide almost no training or oversight for the growing stockpile of military-grade equipment they supplied to state and local police departments.
In the past five years alone, the government spent $18 billion equipping law-enforcement agencies with items such as tactical vehicles and powerful weapons, the likes of which many civil-liberties advocates recently blamed for stoking tensions between protesters and authorities in Ferguson, Mo.
But the supply programs lacked consistent standards for reporting, training and accountability, according to  a White House review  released this week.
President Obama announced a $263 million spending package on Monday for police departments to improve community relations in the wake nation-wide unrest following the shooting death of Michael Brown. (Reuters)
The federal government helped state and local police obtain about 460,000 military-grade items to date, including Humvees, assault rifles and night-vision goggles. About 17 percent of the transactions happened last year.
According to the White House report, a lack of oversight with such programs can “facilitate excessive uses of force and serve as a highly visible barrier between police and the communities they serve.”
The review found that agencies lacked standardized training programs for avoiding civil-rights and civil-liberties violations, or even how to use the equipment safely.
Overall, the federal government has helped police agencies obtain about 1.9 million pieces of equipment, four percent of which consisted of costly military-grade items. The other supplies included office furniture, tool kits, lockers and commercial vehicles.
In response to the findings, the White House on Monday called for greater federal coordination and oversight of the equipment programs, including standardized training. President Obama directed federal agencies to develop specific recommendations by April, in coordination with police and civil rights groups.
Additionally, the president promised to establish a task force that would help law-enforcement agencies modernize their policing policies. The group, led by Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey, will examine how to “promote effective crime reduction while building public trust,” according to a White House announcement on Monday.
Task forces and commissions tend to work slowly, often frustrating advocates for change. Obama acknowledged as much on Monday, but he told reporters that this time will be an exception because “the president of the United States is deeply invested in making sure that this time is different,” according to a Washington Post report .
Obama also proposed spending $263 million over the next three years on additional training and other measures to help law-enforcement agencies build trust within their communities.
Of that money, $75 million would assist police in purchasing 50,000 body cameras. It remains to be seen whether the government would exercise adequate oversight of that equipment.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

VVIP chopper deal: Gautam Khaitans bail plea dismissedgovernment
“(The Enforcement Directorate) is directed to complete the investigation as soon as possible. After the investigation in the case is completed, the petitioner can file fresh bail application”
The Delhi High Court on Wednesday dismissed the bail plea of businessman Gautam Khaitan, who was arrested in a money laundering case in connection with the VVIP chopper deal.
Justice V.P. Vaish, who declined the relief sought by Mr. Khaitan, however, granted him opportunity to file fresh bail application after the investigation in the case is completed.
“The application is dismissed. Respondent (the Enforcement Directorate) is directed to complete the investigation as soon as possible. After the investigation in the case is completed, the petitioner can file fresh bail application,” the court said.
Mr. Khaitan, who is in judicial custody since September 23, 2014 had moved the High Court seeking bail after a trial court on October 20 dismissed his plea, saying the investigation in the case is at a “crucial stage”.
On the last date of hearing, Mr. Khaitan’s counsel had sought bail for him contending that influential persons, who were also accused in the case, had not yet been arrested by the ED.
Mr. Khaitan was arrested by the ED under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA). The ED had lodged a case in July against Mr. Khaitan, former Indian Air Force Chief S.P. Tyagi and 19 others in the VVIP chopper deal case to probe alleged kickbacks.
Earlier, the ED and Centre had opposed Mr. Khaitan’s bail plea on the ground that there was a likelihood of the businessman fleeing from justice, tampering with evidence and hampering the ongoing probe which is at a crucial stage.
The ED had informed the court that there is “damning evidence against him (Mr. Khaitan). He is a kingpin”.
The ED had also alleged that Mr. Khaitan was “actively involved” in the illegal transactions relating to proceeds of crime and he was one of the beneficiaries of the entire deal.
The agency had said that the recent judgement of an Italian court in the case acquitting former Finmeccanica CEO Giuseppe Orsi and ex-AgustaWestland head Bruno Spagnolini of corruption charges does not have any bearing here in the probe into a money laundering matter.
The Italian court had on October 9 acquitted Mr. Orsi and Mr. Spagnolini of graft charges in the chopper deal with India.
They, however, were sentenced to a two-year jail term on lesser charges of falsification of invoices.
The agency had submitted that Mr. Khaitan was one of the directors in Chandigarh-based company Aeromatrix, which was allegedly a front firm for the financial dealings in VVIP helicopters deal and he resigned from the post after the Italian police started its probe.
According to the CBI and other agencies, they had detected that funds for the particular deal were allegedly routed through this firm and few others.
The ED had said a reference to Mr. Khaitan was also reportedly made in Italian prosecutor’s report filed in a court there.
The CBI had earlier questioned him in this case. The ED had registered a case in this deal under the PMLA, nearly a year after the CBI filed its case.
The ED has booked Mr. Tyagi, his family members, European nationals Carlo Gerosa, Christian Michel and Guido Haschke, six companies— U.K.-based AgustaWestland, Italy-based Finmeccanica and Chandigarh-based IDS Infotech and Aeromatrix and one each based in Mauritius and Tunisia, and unknown persons in its criminal complaint.

Rethink the death penaltyUpdated: December 4, 2014 01:14 IST
Rethink the death penalty
execution
As India continues to stand in favour of the death penalty, it is increasingly finding itself in the margins of world politics and international standards on this issue. On a UN General Assembly resolution to establish a moratorium on death penalty, a vast majority of the countries have voted in favour of abolishing the penalty. Although the resolution does not have binding value, it does carry considerable moral and political weight. Amnesty International reported that 114 of the UN’s 193 member-states voted in favour of the resolution and 36 voted against it, while 34 abstained. Around 140 countries worldwide have abolished the death penalty in law or practice, and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights is strongly against it. The International Criminal Court envisages life imprisonment even for crimes against humanity such as genocide. Customary international law does not prohibit the death penalty currently, but global opinion is rapidly moving towards an abolition.
Given this global trend, India gave the following reasons for its retentionist position: (a) the sovereign right to determine its own laws; (b) the death penalty is exercised in the “rarest of rare” cases; and (c) India guarantees ‘rule of law’ and the necessary procedural safeguards for a fair trial. But this justification is grossly inadequate. Abolition is now firmly entrenched in the human rights discourse and no longer limited to national criminal justice policy, making the ‘sovereignty defence’ much weaker. As far as the “rarest of rare” jurisprudence is concerned, the Supreme Court in Sangeeth (2013) agrees that this principle laid down in Bachan Singh (1980) has received erroneous and inconsistent interpretations in most judgments since Machhi Singh (1983). The court concedes that the test has become arbitrary and judge-centric rather than principle-centric. In an interview to Frontline, Justice A.P. Shah said: “Clearly, the two prisoners in Ravji’s case who were wrongly sentenced to death were executed as a result of these flawed judgments, constituting the gravest known miscarriages of justice...” As far as the ‘due process of law’ is concerned, the stealthy killings of Ajmal Kasab and Afzal Guru, as well as the undue delay in handling mercy petitions, deftly spelt out in Shatrughan Chauhan (2014), reflect flawed executive action that cannot always be corrected by judicial intervention. Even if public opinion in India currently favours the death penalty, the move towards a more enlightened approach can be initiated in Parliament. As India endeavours to play a stronger role in world politics, it is time to rethink its stand on the death penalty with more clarity.
Corrections and Clarifications
This article has been edited for a factual error

Freak accident  gas leak  nearly 100 dead in 2 yrs  but no lessonslearntWritten by Anil Sasi | Bhilai |
Posted: December 3, 2014 9:36 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 9:42 pm
Around 6 pm on June 12, 53-year-old N K Katariya, a deputy general manager at Bhilai Steel plant and a father of two, was getting into his car for a short drive home when he saw his colleague B K Singh. Like Katariya, Singh, another DGM at the water supply department of the steel plant, was winding up work that evening when he was informed about a rupture on the main header pipe of the plant’s pump house, which supplied water to the gas cleaning plant of the blast furnaces.
Katariya dropped his bag and joined Singh in rushing across, as any flooding would endanger the blast furnaces and may force a shutdown at the steel plant, a flagship unit of state-owned Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL). The two managers were joined by half a dozen other employees.
At the pump house, the team was oblivious to early indication of trouble — pigeons were falling in droves from their perches above the facility. As the water supply to the gas cleaning plant had been stopped to prevent flooding, there was a sudden drop in pressure, forcing gas from the blast furnace scrubbers to enter the pipeline. When the pipeline ruptured, there was a surge of a deadly cocktail of methane and the colourless and odourless carbon monoxide. In a matter of minutes, the team working on the line started dropping one by one.
The leakage of carbon monoxide at the plant affected 36 people, of which five, including Katariya and Singh, died during treatment, while the body of Vikas Verma — a 24-year-old contract worker — was found 30 feet down in the pump site after the water was drained.
The casualties could have been higher, had it not been for a fortuitous event. Durg Collector R Shangeetha, who was just 12 days into her job when the accident happened, told The Indian Express that there was a CISF mock drill happening near the plant around the time of the accident, so the jawans managed to carry the 36 people in time to the hospital.
SAIL described it as a “freak accident”, the first such event in 50 years. But hardly any lessons seem to have been learnt by India’s flagship firms. Just three days later, on June 16, two engineers of a private firm — SMS Seimag India Ltd — died of suspected gas leak at the Visakhapatnam Steel Plant, a unit of state-owned steel company Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd (RINL). Preliminary reports attributed the reason to suspected carbon monoxide poisoning.
In fact, if just the steel sector were to be considered, across the two flagship state-owned steel firms — SAIL and RINL — nearly 100 workmen have died in a series of accidents in the two-year period till July 2014. The biggest single event was in June 2012, when over a dozen employees, including some senior executives, died at an accident in RINL’s Visakhapatnam plant.
Consider these cases in just this year:
* On June 17, four days after the gas leak in the Bhilai continued…

Solicitor General wants to argue for black money SIT  SC says wheres theOKNew Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 10:05 am
A new controversy may be brewing for the NDA government as the Solicitor General of India on Wednesday sought to argue on behalf of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) in the Supreme Court in the black money case, amid allegation of “conflict of interest” by petitioner Ram Jethmalani.
In a prelude to what can blow into a full-fledged battle of wits, a Supreme Court bench headed by Chief Justice of India H L Dattu in fact denied Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar permission to argue without showing a formal letter of his engagement by the SIT and a due approval by the competent authority in the government.
Senior advocate Anil Divan, who appeared for petitioner Ram Jethmalani, described it as a “clear case of conflict of interest” and questioned how a top law officer of the government could appear for the SIT, which has been tasked with scrutinising the role of the Centre in bringing back black money stashed abroad.
“This is clear conflict of interest. How can a law officer for the union of India appear for SIT? SIT is an independent party in the case and has been set up on the orders of the court,” said Divan, as SG Kumar sought the court’s permission to argue on behalf of the SIT.
Divan said he was “surprised” that Kumar was appearing for the SIT since the previous two orders of the court stated that the SG was appearing for the government, along with Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi.
Kumar replied that he was representing the SIT even on the last date and that this could be a “mistake” or a “typographical error” if the court order recorded that he was appearing for the government. Divan, however, pointed out that he has not seen Kumar’s vakalatnama in the case papers, nor any other letter authorising the law officer to argue for the SIT.
At this, the bench, also comprising Justices Madan B Lokur and A K Sikri, asked Kumar to show the relevant letter authorising him to appear for the SIT but the SG said he did not have the letter with him at the moment.
“Then you should not argue. You should sit down. Since there is an objection from the other side, we cannot let you appear without a document authorising you to appear,” retorted the bench, forcing the second senior-most law officer of the government to sit down in his chair.
Meanwhile, on being asked, AG Rohatgi assured the bench that nobody will go scot-free from prosecution in an income tax case on account of a technical ground that the six-year period of limitation for prosecution would expire on March 31, 2015. Divan had sought directives to the Centre to ensure a case is not frustrated due to expiry of the limitation period.
“We are confident that the central government will complete the proceedings relating to income tax on or before March 31, 2015. If on account of any reason, it cannot be continued…

Swearing-in ceremony of Shiv Sena and BJP ministers to take place onFridayWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 3, 2014 9:14 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 1:52 pm
The swearing-in ceremony of Shiv Sena and BJP ministers will take place on Friday morning. Highly placed sources in BJP and Sena confirmed that cabinet size will remain moderate as Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis is not willing to fill up all 36 berths on Friday.
The BJP has urged Sena to give the list of only seven to eight ministers out of 12 promised to them. Similarly, BJP will also induct only seven to nine candidates. Thus the vacancies which remain would be filled up after the three weeks winter session at Nagpur ends on December 24.
The Sena ministers who are in the reckoning include Eknath Shinde, Diwakar Raote, Subash Desai, Ramdas Kadam, Neelam Gorhe, Vaibhav Naik et al.
The Sena has been given five cabinet rank and seven ministers of state. The portfolios for cabinet rank ministers which have been agreed mutually includes –industry, health, environment, Public Works Department (MSRDC) and excise.
Insiders in the BJP disclosed, “ The BJP had made it clear to the Sena that they would not like to negotiate on portfolios like home, urban
development, finance, general administration, rural development and revenue.” Interestingly, urban development, home, GAD are held by
Fadnavis.
The BJP is willing to give energy portfolio to Sena. But the Sena is not very keen on the portfolio.
Interestingly, BJP has also ensured that even junior rank ministers (MoS) of Sena are not given important portfolios like home, urban
development and finance. But it has agreed to accommodate Sena MoS in revenue, water resources, women and child development et al.
However, Sena which was keen all 12 ministers are included in the cabinet on Friday has urged BJP to make its promise public.  A Sena
functionary said, “ We understand chief minister wants to keep a moderate expansion on Friday ahead of winter session. But we want them to announce in public their promise of 12 ministers.”
The BJP’s decision to keep vacancies is to diffuse unrest as number of aspirants seeking ministerial post outnumbers the size. Fadnavis has
submitted a list of probable candidates who would become the ministers to all India party president Amit Shah on Wednesday.
Sources said, “ The BJP candidates for ministers are Girish Bapat, Girish Mahajan, Jaiprakash Rawal, Subash Deshmukh, Chandrashekhar
Bawankule, Ram Shinde, Mangalprabhat Lodha et al.”
The BJP which has 9 council of miister lead by Fadnavis is also under pressure to accommodate atleast two candidates from its smaller
alliance partners namely Republican Party of India and Rashtriya Samaj Party.
 

US Services Firms Growing More QuicklyIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

D.C.-hosted All-Star game could be in line soon 
Might the NHL All-Star game come soon to Verizon Center? (Photo by Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post)
Over the next month, Washington D.C.’s hockey community will chug toward the Winter Classic. The Epix documentary crew will begin full-time filming Friday. In mid-December, the rink will start to form at Nationals Park. The Chicago Blackhawks will arrive in town. The annual outdoor game will be played on New Years’ Day.
The Capitals are just the seventh NHL team to welcome the Winter Classic, but Washington D.C. is also one of five NHL cities to never host an All-Star game. Sure, the Capitals hosted in 1982 in Landover, Md., but the event has never come into the nation’s capital. Speaking to season ticket holders Tuesday night at Verizon Center , answering a fan’s question about bringing the All-Star game here, deputy commissioner Bill Daly offered an encouraging response.
“I would say, in the foreseeable future, yes,” Daly said.
Only the next two hosts have been announced: Columbus hosts on Jan. 25, 2015, and Nashville on Jan. 31, 2016. And though all administrative attention will be focused on the Winter Classic this month, Daly hinted that, once the rink gets dismantled at Nationals Park and Jan. 2 rolls around, he expects some moves from Capitals owner Ted Leonsis.
“There isn’t at this point,” Daly said, when asked if the NHL had a timetable for awarding Washington D.C. an All-Star game. “We do have — the way we do the All-Star game is we put it out for applications to the member clubs. This organization historically was focused on the Winter Classic and getting the Winter Classic. I think once we have a successful event on Jan. 1, I’m sure they’ll turn to the next event that they want. I have no doubt the All-Star Game will be in line soon.”
For now, though, the focus remains on New Years’ Day. Epix will arrive at Kettler Capitals Iceplex to set up Wednesday, then start their all-access, behind-the-scenes look later this week. Ten of Washington’s remaining 13 games this month will be spent on the road. Then, after visiting the Islanders on Dec. 29, the Capitals will return home and start skating outside.
“I think the league generally, not just me, is excited for the event,,” Daly said. “We always are. It’s probably the most anticipated date on the NHL regular season calendar. It’s become that. I think all eyes are going to be on the nation’s capital on Jan. 1. We’ve been able to carve out a unique niche on that day, kind of our own little window where we have national prominence. That itself is pretty exciting.”
As for this year’s All-Star game, only forward Alex Ovechkin ranked among the top 40 forwards, top 30 defensemen and top 10 goaltenders after the second week of fan voting, according to the NHL. Ovechkin’s 54,319 votes puts him at 17th for his position.
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Amit Shah row: Triumphant Mamata Banerjee says  I told you so  to BJPPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
As the Centre contradicted Amit Shah’s claim that Saradha chit fund scam money was routed to Bangladesh for terror activities, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today hit back at the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief saying “some people think they can say anything they want”.
“I never speak without evidence. I know my boundaries. Some people think they can say anything they want, just because a section of the media is supporting them,” Banerjee said in an apparent reference to BJP president Amit Shah’s claim that Sardah chit fund money was used in the October two Burdwan blast.
Shah told a rally on November 30, “Saradha chit fund money was used in the Burdwan blast. The NIA is not being allowed to probe the blast properly. Hurdles are being created. It is being done in order to save TMC leaders who are involved in the blast.”
The chief minister said after inaugurating development projects for north Bengal, “We do not need money of chit funds. We arrested the kingpin of chit fund.”
“Catch me if you can… The surge of development will continue. I am a fighter. I will keep fighting. Counter me politically if you can,” Banerjee, Trinamool Congress chief, asserted.
“Amake chamkale ami gorjai. Amake dhamkale ami borshai” (I roar if I am threatened. And if anybody tries to browbeat me then I pour out,” she said.
“We are working for the betterment of people. People have elected us (to power) and our accountability is before the people,” she said.
Union Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh told the Lok Sabha in a written response today, “The investigation has so far not revealed any such transaction where money was routed to Bangladesh to fund terrorist activities.”
Hitting out at a section of the media, which, she said, was constantly spreading canards to put her government in bad light, Banerjee told the rally, “Just like you should never eat adulterated food, you should also avoid adulterated news.”
“Some shops sell bad food. Some shops sell good food. Similarly, some sections of the media sell bad news. We work for the people. They have voted me to power. I am accountable to the people,” she said.

BofA chief meets PM Modi; promises to expand operations in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Bofa
BofA chief meets PM Narendra Modi; promises to expand operations in India
PTI Dec 3, 2014, 10.00PM IST
Tags:
Bank of America
(Encouraged by the prospect…)
NEW DELHI: Encouraged by the prospect of higher growth, Bank of America (BofA) today said it plans to expand its banking operations in India with particular focus on infrastructure and energy sectors.
Bank of America Chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan said this during a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi here.
The bank, a release said, will "expand its banking activities in India, and would expand its presence in capital markets, particularly in infrastructure and energy sector investment".
In the course of the interaction, Moynihan said that he expected the Indian economy to grow at a fast pace, and that "the world had changed its perception about India".
Bank of America has branch offices in Mumbai, New Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, and Bengaluru.
Earlier in the day, the government announced an Inter-Ministerial Committee to fast-track investment proposals from USA and to address the issues related to implementation.
The Committee headed by the DIPP Secretary will identify bottlenecks faced by the US investors in the implementation of their investment proposals and address them in consultation with all other agencies and state governments concerned.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF plans to sell 50% in Cyber City to raise...You are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
DLF plans to sell 50% in Cyber City to raise over Rs 3500 crore
Nisha Poddar, ET Now Dec 4, 2014, 11.12AM IST
Tags:
DLF
(Constrained by the Sebi order…)
Real estate major, DLF has initiated a process to sell 50% of its subsidiary, DLF Cyber City Developers (DCCD) to raise over Rs 3,500 crores, sources with direct knowledge share. Constrained by the Sebi order which bans DLF from any capital market transaction for 3 years, cash-strapped DLF has few options for fund raising.
The stock took an over 2 per cent hit in intraday trade on Thursday.
DLF is in talks with strategic players and investors like Blackstone, Brookfield Global for the transaction. DLF has challenged Sebi's order in the Securities Appelate Tribunal but in the interim is looking for various options to raise cash as the clock is ticking on its debenture conversion deadline of March 2015.
Promoters of DLF hold 40% in DCCD through compulsory convertible preference shares (CCPS) issued in 2009 which would require Rs 2,500-3,000 crores, according to sources. Earlier plan was a share swap through which the promoters KP Singh and family would have increased their stake in the parent company, DLF. Under the Sebi order DLF cannot take the share swap route to acquire the remaining shares in Cyber City subsidiary.
At the time of merger of DLF Assets with Cyber City arm in 2009, DLF had planned an eventual listing of the arm on Reits or Real Estate Investment Trusts but now the company is restricted from going ahead with that plan post the Sebi ban.
When contacted by ET NOW, DLF's spokesperson said, "your information is incorrect, there is no such move."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Even viewers 55 and older abandoning TV in favor of phone  computerOlder viewers also abandoning TV in favor of phone, computer
Robert Taylor
Lewis Jacobs / A&E
Robert Taylor in a scene from "Longmire," a popular show among older viewers that has been canceled.
Robert Taylor in a scene from "Longmire," a popular show among older viewers that has been canceled. (Lewis Jacobs / A&E)
By Ryan Faughnder contact the reporter
More people are watching digital video as TV viewing declines; it's not just young people driving the trend
People in the U.S. are watching more digital video as traditional TV viewing declines, and it's not just young people driving the trend, according to a new report from Nielsen.
8
The measurement firm said Wednesday that the amount of time spent watching video on computers and smartphones each day among those age 55 and up increased 55% in the third quarter, compared with the same quarter last year. Meanwhile, traditional TV viewing among that demographic didn't change in the quarter. 
The new TV: How everything is changing Read the story
Among adults 18-to-49 years old, a group cherished by advertisers, daily viewing via the old-fashioned tube decreased 3% compared with last year, while digital viewing grew 53%.
The decline in regular-TV viewing was 2% among 25-to-54-year-olds, compared with a 62% bump in viewing on computers and mobile devices. (Still, the TV screen accounts for far more watching than the newer viewing methods.)
The shifts in TV viewing are part of an ongoing trend brought on by the proliferation of new streaming websites, apps and devices people now use to watch television programming.
0
Those changes were illustrated in Nielsen's Total Audience Report, renamed from its quarterly Cross-Platform Report, which indicated that the shift is happening accross the demographic categories.  
Media executives have been placing pressure on Nielsen to change its ratings to account for more of the digital audience as their live ratings continue to fall. In the third quarter, people watched about 141 hours a month of traditional TV (no DVR use or video on-demand), down 7% from a year ago. 
Last month Nielsen proposed that the TV industry should adopt a more inclusive ratings standard to account for the growth in alternative viewing methods. 
"Now is the time for a fundamental industry change," Dounia Turrill, Nielsen's senior vice president of insights, said in the new report. "Our goal is to deliver comprehensive measurement of all audience and all advertising by following the consumer."
Compared with a year ago, time-shifted viewing through digital recording devices and video on-demand grew to 14 hours and 20 minutes a month, from 12 hours and 31 minutes a month last year.
Watching of video on the Internet exploded to 10 hours and 42 minutes a month, a big surge from six hours and 20 minutes a year ago. 
Follow Ryan Faughnder on Twitter for more entertainment business coverage: @rfaughnder

Indians: The top e-consumersIndians: The top e-consumers
http://usat.ly/1FMYMKHDow, S&P 500 notch record closes
The Dow ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 notch record closes The Dow ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CF4e5U
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 notch record closes
Jane Onyanga-Omara and Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 4:22 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve's Interest rates Mario Draghi the Fed rescue squad system Investors Europe's
Adam Shell reports: Europe’s economy is still sick, and inflation is way too low. Can the European Central Bank do more to stem the downward spiral? Video by Jason Allen
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  Europe's economy is still sick and inflation is way too
00:04  low. And to the rescue squad the European Central Bank. Will
00:09  they do more to stem the downward spiral. I have madam
00:12  shell and this is America's markets. ECB led by Mario Draghi
00:22  meets Thursday. So Walsh we will find out soon if there
00:26  ready to pump more stimulus into the system. Investors say another
00:30  jolt is needed to jumpstart growth in the Euro zone. A
00:34  reading on private sector activity in the Euro zone it is
00:37  sixteen month low last month. And inflation is just a few
00:40  kicks from flat lining. It's not like ECB isn't trying to
00:44  revive its wobbly economy. Interest rates are at record lows it's
00:48  making new cheaper loans to banks. It's also been buying covered
00:52  bonds and other asset backed securities to get more cash flowing
00:56  through the veins of the economy. But those steps haven't cured
00:59  the problem. What she wants the ECB to take a page
01:03  from the Federal Reserve's crisis plan. They want Draghi to start
01:07  buying government bonds like the Fed did during the financial crisis
01:11  with its quantitative easing program known as few week. And not
01:15  shell QE works like this. The ECB would buy government bonds
01:19  from regular banks that hold them. The hope is those banks
01:22  then use the extra cash they get from the bond sales
01:26  to make loans. Healy also helps push down barring costs. Draghi
01:31  hinted last week that full blown QE is on the table.
01:34  But Wall Street doesn't think he will pull the trigger tomorrow.
01:38  Why the ECB wants to give its current lose the chance
01:41  to work. There's also legal questions surrounding the plant still hopes
01:45  for new more aggressive stimulus from the ECB early next year
01:49  are on the rise. Investors wanna hear Draghi say he's ready
01:53  to pull the trigger soon on its own QE program. Anything
01:58  less will likely disappoint market.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
37 CONNECT 100 TWEET 9 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks climbed a bit Wednesday, with the Dow and S&P 500 notching all-time closing highs as economic reports showed steady growth on jobs and in other fronts.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session. The S&P 500's 0.4% gain was enough to send that broader index past its previous record close set exactly one week ago.
After its gain of 33 points, the blue-chip Dow settled at its new high of 17,912.62. The S&P 500's new number to beat is 2074.33, an increase for the day of nearly 8 points.
Finishing 0.4% higher, the Nasdaq composite ended the day at 4774.47.
On Tuesday, the Dow hit a new all-time closing high of 17,879.55 – about 51 points above the prior record close set Friday.
Monthly Markets Checkup: 6 things for December
The private sector added 208,000 jobs in November , payroll processor ADP said Wednesday, as the labor market continued to defy mixed economic news.
Economists had estimated ADP would report 226,000 new private sector jobs, according to Action Economics' survey. They expect the Labor Department's closely watched survey on Friday to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.
Services firms expanded at a faster pace in November , a signal that overall economic growth should remain robust. The Institute for Supply Management says its services index rose to 59.3 last month, up from 57.1 in October.
Worker productivity increased in the July-September quarter at a slightly faster pace than previously estimated while labor costs declined for a second straight quarter. Productivity, the amount of output per hour of work, increased at an annual rate of 2.3% in the third quarter while labor costs fell at a rate of 1%, the Labor Department reported Wednesday.
European stocks ended mixed.
In Asia on Wednesday, Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose 0.32% and Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 0.95%.
The Russian ruble has extended a week of decline, fueled by low oil prices and Western sanctions against Russia over its role in Ukraine's crisis.
The ruble traded 1.7% lower at 54.8 against the U.S. dollar on Wednesday morning, losing over 16% of its value in the past five trading days.
Contributing: Associated Press.

Bill replacing coal block ordinance to have small changesBill replacing coal block ordinance to have small changes
Centre to sell 5 per cent stake in SAIL on FridayCentre to sell 5 per cent stake in SAIL on Friday
India improves rank on global corruption index; data collected before govt changeIndia improves rank on global corruption index; data collected before govt change
Biden: Violence against women is an epidemicJoe Biden told the White House Tribal Nations Conference that violence against women is an "epidemic." (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
This post has been updated. 
Vice President Joe Biden said Wednesday called violence against women an "epidemic" that "cuts to the very core of how we measure ourselves as a society."
Speaking before the White House Tribal Nations Conference, the vice president focused on the plague of violence against Native American women, who face the highest rates of domestic violence and abuse in America. Nearly one in three Native American women will be raped, he said.
"The most horrific prison on Earth is the four walls of an abused woman’s home. And far too many Native American women -- for far too many, that’s a daily reality, the four walls of their own home," Biden said.
Biden said that men have an obligation to step in and stop domestic violence when they see it in their homes, families and communities.
"It’s not about vigilantism. It’s about intervening," Biden said. "If you can stop it, stop it when you see it. To me, it’s the definition of manhood. It’s not about standing by and saying, well, that’s a family affair.
In March, tribal governments will gain the ability to investigate and prosecute non-Indians who abuse women on tribal land, a historic provision of the Violence Against Women Reauthorization in 2013.  The provision, which was opposed by most Republican lawmakers, extended tribal prosecution authority over certain non-Indian perpetrators of domestic violence for the first time in more than 35 years.
"Once this authority is restored, tribes have a responsibility to use it, have a responsibility to use it, to enforce it, enforce the law, prosecute, stand for the women who have for too long endured not just injustice but indifference," said the vice president.
Biden referenced anecdotes in a  series of Washington Post stories about crime and justice in Indian country, including that of a woman named Lisa Brunner, who at age 4 saw her white stepfather beat her mother, and later suffered abuse at the hands of her own white husband. Brunner painted a picture of three women standing under a full moon, and said the new law is the "first sliver of the full moon" to protect Native women. 
Biden said that moon must be enlarged.
"We need to expand the moon, changing the culture that tolerates the abuse of woman by a man, Native or non-Native. We need to expand the moon, fundamentally changing the way domestic violence is talked about Indian country," he said. 
Biden is spearheading the White House's "It's on Us" effort to stop sexual assault on college and university campuses, speaking about it around the country.
The issue of violence against women is one the former Delaware senator has been working on since the 1970s. In 1990, he introduced the Violence Against Women Act, which President Bill Clinton signed into law in 1994. Biden has called the law his "proudest legislative accomplishment."
"Without consent, no man has a right to touch a woman," Biden said in Denver in September. "We can change this culture."
Since three pilot projects began on the Pascua Yaqui, Tulalip Tribes and Umatilla reservations, more than 20 criminal cases have been charged by tribal prosecutors against non-Indian domestic violence offenders and several have been convicted.
But the federal government did not provide any additional funding to the tribes to take all the measures required to update their court systems to implement the new law, according to tribal leaders. The vice president called on Congress Wednesday to appropriate the money that the law provided to tribes.
"I’m calling on Congress to make good on the $25 million pledge in tribal grants authorized under the law, so we can make this work," Biden said.
For now, tribes are on their own.
"We pay for our own police, we pay for our own members to be incarcerated. We're paying for non-Indians to be incarcerated, said Deborah Parker, a board member of the Tulalip Tribe in Washington state. "We're paying for prosecutors and public defenders."
 

Google launches Google My Business mobile appGoogle launches Google My Business mobile app
Rs 2 000 cr for disabled in next four years: AP CMRs 2 000 cr for disabled in next four years: AP CM
Gujarat farmers ask FMC to ban castor seed futuresGujarat farmers ask FMC to ban castor seed futures
Dilip Kumar Jha | Mumbai Dec 03, 2014 10:34 PM IST
Faced with high volatility in the past few weeks, farmers in Gujarat have urged the Forward Markets Commission (FMC) to ban futures trading in castor seed.
In a letter to the commodity derivatives market regulator, farmers’ representative body Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS) said on Tuesday that FMC should ban futures trading in castor seed in case excessive speculative activities witnessed in this counter on commodity exchanges. Castor seed is abundantly traded on the National Commodity & Derivatives Exchange (NCDEX) and Ace Derivatives and Commodity Exchange (Ace).
Average castor seed price jumped 17.83 per cent in October 2014 to Rs 44,000 a tonne in Gujarat spot mandi, compared to Rs 37,553 a tonne in November 2013, data compiled by the Solvent Extractors’ Association showed. During the week to November 28, however, castor seed price declined 3.28 per cent to Rs 44,250 a tonne. Castor seed for delivery in April 2015 jumped 2.4 per cent on Wednesday to trade at Rs 4,812 a quintal on the NCDEX.  To curb excessive volatility, the FMC levied five per cent additional margins on both sides (buy or long and sell or short)
“The FMC’s unfavourable action has created panic in the market and favoured multinational companies’ lobby, which is trying to suppress its price. Therefore, a sell side margin of 10-15 per cent should be imposed to further restrict the unscrupulous activities by vested interest of international buyers who sell the produce in forward and keep the price level artificially at a low level so that they can buy the seed at low levels. This will ensure the fall in prices is protected,” said Magan Bhai Patel, chairman of BKS.
Castor is a non-food product and, therefore, the commodity does not have any connections with food inflation. There is hardly any domestic consumption of the derivatives of castor seed - that is castor oil and meal. Therefore, they are exported. Against the agriculture ministry’s forecast of 1.96 million tonnes output, trade sources estimate a 25 per cent decline in castor seed production this year. This is in view of the lower area due to the extended delay in monsoon rainfalls this season and heavy crop losses on unseasonal rainfalls followed by flood in September.
Alleging the FMC’s unilateral action in terms of imposition of margins when prices move up benefits multinational companies, BKS said: “Let the market factors of supply-demand determine the fair prices of the castor as farmers would then be free from the clutches of the monopolistic local manufacturers.”
Castor seed’s share in overall turnover of NCDEX at Rs 66,198 crore has shot up to 26.60 per cent in October from 23.5 per cent share in Rs 83,520 crore turnover recorded in September.
The oilseed’s contribution, however, has fallen to 20.80 per cent in the exchange turnover of Rs 49,008 crore up to November 24.

India to be fastest growing economy in 2-3 yrs: Mukesh AmbaniBrown University
(India will surpass China…)
NEW DELHI: India will surpass China as the world's fastest growing economy in the next 2-3 years, top industrialist Mukesh Ambani today said, while terming the fall in global oil prices as a "gift" to India.
"We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in the next 2-3 years. We will exceed China's growth rate in next 2-3 years. We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in 2016-2017 and 2017-2018," the Reliance Industries Chairman said.
He was speaking at an event organised by Brown University here.
Ambani further said that 2014 is a landmark year for the country.
"I think the people of India have spoken after really 30 years. I have in business for now alomst 30-35 years and we have got a majority (government) now...I have been saying this consistently that 2014 is a lucky year for India," he said.
Referring to the recent fall in crude oil prices, Ambani said, "...we are now on the horizon of USD 60-70, that is really a gift.... If this continues for two years, it's a gift".
He recalled that oil prices had shot up from USD 20/barrel to USD 140 during 2004 to 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nations prepared to fight IS as long as it takes: Kerryarmed Forces
A global fight against Islamic State militants will likely take years to fully succeed, but nations are prepared to engage “for as long as it takes” to defeat the bloody insurgency, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Wednesday.
Nearly a year after the extremist group overran key cities in western Iraq, diplomats from more than 60 counties and international organisations gathered in Brussels to plot a way forward against what has since become one of the world’s worst terror threats.
The insurgency now stretches across much of northern Iraq and Syria, and has attracted thousands of foreign fighters from around the world, including Europe. Its elusive leadership is flush with financial support from illicit donations and black-market oil sales.

http://usat.ly/1zR7xkEFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Who's behind the devastating Sony hack?
The mystery of who hacked into and shut down the computer network of Sony Pictures Entertainment looked no closer to a solution Wednesday.
Post to Facebook
Who's behind the devastating Sony hack? The mystery of who hacked into and shut down the computer network of Sony Pictures Entertainment looked no closer to a solution Wednesday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zR7xkE
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Who's behind the devastating Sony hack?
Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 6:06 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Video Keywords Kim Jong-un NCAA illegal file sharing red glowing Sony Pictures Sony North Korea
Investigators are considering North Korea's possible ties to Sony Pictures Entertainment's hack attack, a federal law enforcement official said Monday. Is it all retaliation against "The Interview" starring Seth Rogen and James Franco? Shannon Rae Green
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  The attack has crippled Sony Pictures entertainment network. And variety
00:06  reports that at least five new Sony movies have been released
00:10  to illegal file sharing site. A federal law official not authorized
00:14  to comment publicly said today that investigators looking into whether North
00:18  Korea had any ties to the hacking incidents. Could the attack
00:22  be retaliation. For this Sony film. Please remember to consume an
00:26  easy pastor manipulated I have a cute for you. And he
00:33  dictates. James Franco and Seth Rogen star as tabloid TV journalist
00:38  who scored in your view with North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un.
00:41  That's an NCAA recruit them to assassinate him. And the CIA
00:45  would love it if you could take him out. It didn't
00:49  take him. Coffee dinner for can cheat you know. Taking. Euros
00:56  to kill the leader of North Korea yes yeah. Sony employees
01:00  found a red glowing skeleton last Monday with a message. We've
01:04  already warn geo and this is just a beginning Kim Jong-un
01:07  has RD called the film a quote act of war earlier
01:11  this year. The five Sony movies are being downloaded hundreds of
01:15  thousands of times on a legal site according to variety. The
01:19  upcoming remake of Annie is not out to the public but
01:22  it is being hired at the so the state of the
01:25  suspects for awhile yeah. Fury however is still in Peters and
01:35  it is being downloaded the most. Deals are peaceful. Industries violent.
01:50  Other films include mr. turner still Alice and to write love
01:54  on her arms.
Sony Pictures Entertainment headquarters in Culver City, Calif. on Dec. 2. The FBI has confirmed it is investigating a recent hacking attack at Sony Pictures Entertainment, which caused major internal computer problems at the film studio last week.
(Photo: Nick Ut, AP)
190 CONNECT 310 TWEET 24 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — The mystery of who hacked into and shut down the computer network of Sony Pictures Entertainment looked no closer to a solution Wednesday.
The tech site Re/code published a report in the morning saying Sony would name North Korea as the source.
At the same time, the Hollywood Reporter speculated the hack might have been the work of an insider at the studio.
However, a Sony Pictures Entertainment spokesperson, said, "the investigation continues into this very sophisticated cyberattack. The Re/code story is not accurate."
Whoever turns out to be the culprit, the attack has been devastating to the entertainment giant.
Sony Pictures' computer network was taken down a week ago Monday. As of Wednesday, some staffers were still having to use cellphones and texting to communicate as e-mail was not available.
Five Sony movies, four of which have not yet been released, were posted online and are being widely distributed on pirating sites.
They included Fury, Annie, Mr. Turner, Still Alice and To Write Love on Her Arms.
In addition, a huge, 27-gigabyte stash of files was stolen from the company's network and put online.
The stash contained "a treasure trove of sensitive company files, ranging from HR documents with employee info, to legal paperwork, to confidential company meeting notes and documents," said Dan Tentler, co-founder of the computer security firm Carbon Dynamics.
After the attackers compromised Sony's data, they subsequently used Sony PlayStation network host machines to distribute the files via BitTorrent, Tentler said.
"That's just adding insult to injury; they're using Sony's corporate compartmentalization against them," he said.
By Tuesday afternoon, the files were no longer being distributed from the PlayStation machines. However, that didn't matter as by then they had been disseminated across the Internet, Tentler said.
The North Korean angle is a popular theory on who did the deed, because that government is believed to be angry over a forthcoming Sony movie, The Interview.
It depicts two entertainment reporters, played by James Franco and Seth Rogen, who score an interview with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un. The CIA then recruits them to assassinate Kim.
Sony hack may be linked to James Franco comedy
Another clue is the discovery of a piece of malicious software that is likely related to the same attackers. In some ways, it points to an insider.
"From the samples we obtained, we can say the attackers knew the internal network from Sony since the malware samples contain hard-coded names of servers inside Sony's network and even credentials /usernames and passwords," said Jaime Blasco, a director with AlienVault Labs, a cybersecurity company.
However, the hackers are also using the Korean language in some of the systems they're using, Blasco found, so that's another clue.
Having an angry nation behind the attack makes more sense than an attack by typical profit-driven cybercriminals, said Trey Ford, a security strategist with computer security firm Rapid7.
"The attack was clearly aimed to create chaos and disruption — wiping a master boot record means that upon reboot, the hardware can't be read by the hard drive," he said.
Destroying a company's machines makes sense for an activist or military operation, either to raise awareness for a specific cause or to destroy an entity's ability to use something, he said.
This type of destruction clearly means the attackers have "no desire to further use that system for themselves," the opposite of anyone doing it for the money, Ford suggested.
190 CONNECT 310 TWEET 24 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zR7xkE
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

First Lady Unveils White House Holiday DecorationsHELP
[{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"SOON: VP Biden Delivers Remarks at National Menorah...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/WhiteHouse_GoStream_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"SOON: VP Biden Delivers Remarks at National Menorah Lighting","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/WhiteHouse_GoStream_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"Coming Up: Pennsylvania Officials Give Update on...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Coming Up: Pennsylvania Officials Give Update on Body Found in Hunt for Shooting Suspect","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Inside the Orion Space Capsuleinside the orion space capsule
Sony to name N. Korea as hack source: Reportsony to name n. korea as hack source: report
Here are the government agencies that get sworn at the mostBy Philip Bump December 3 Follow @pbump
It's really a remarkable moment for people who like data. The Internet, with all of its numbers and whatnot, allows us to examine things in bulk that once were nearly impossible to unearth. Like, for example, people who offer public comments on proposed federal regulations that include some of our more popular/extreme swear words.
The catchily named Regulations.gov offers an online database of precisely that. When a government agency proposes a new regulation, it goes through a period in which anyone can write in and advocate for/complain about the idea. (More the latter, usually.) Regulations.gov has a breadth of information related to the regulatory process, but the most colorful language comes once the public gets involved.
An important note. There were two words that we focused on in our analysis, one of which starts with an F and one of which starts with an S. Other words didn't come up as often, or were also commonly used nicknames for men named Richard, or what have you. So we focused on F and S, which have been replaced below with the words "FUDGE" and "SHOOT." Not because we're prudes, but because that is funnier.
An example: Here is a comment submitted by a gentleman in Arizona.
You Crazy FUDGErs Are Out Of Your Minds . What the FUDGE Is Wrong With You Cretinous SHOOT-Heads ? S T O P Your INSANE , G R E E D Y BEHAVIOR N O W .
The recipient of that well-considered argument? The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, which you may not have ever heard of.
Many of the comments including our Magic Words were directed at agencies that have a lower profile than you might expect. We looked at every instance of those two words in the comments themselves (not, for example, in the user's submitted name) since President Obama's second inauguration, and sorted them by how often each agency was targeted.
The first-place winner will not surprise you.
Many of the comments targeting the IRS were elegant in their simplicity: "FUDGE THOSE THUGS" or "YOU SUCK, FUDGE THE IRS" or "FUDGE OBAMA" (popular in many iterations) or "WHAT THE FUDGE IS THIS? FUDGE THIS SHOOT." Others, responding to the IRS's proposal to change its rules around nonprofits, were more complex : "time to quit your lies boys and tell the truth right to be a slave is right to work FUDGE the corporations let them eat SHOOT and FUDGing die along with the chamber of communist and other anti worker pos." The IRS. Gotta love 'em!
Second place might surprise you. The main attention-getter was a Fish and Wildlife proposal to remove the gray wolf from the endangered species list. "The fact that you encourage trophy hunting and needless killing makes you all complete jerks and [a word starting with A]," one person wrote . "FUDGE you and all you stand for." No one was more energetic about this issue than the person who submitted a version of the same comment more than 30 times. (The key line: "We farmers are SHOOT on once again.") This is why the tail end of the FWS bar above is light yellow -- consider it an asterisk in the Sweary Comment Hall of Fame.
That the EPA comes near the top almost certainly didn't surprise you. (In fact, it was tweeted examples of EPA comments that inspired us to look at this phenomenon.) This is the point at which we acknowledge a flaw in the methodology. For highly controversial proposals, advocacy organizations submit comments in bulk. Often, swear words are buried inside the large PDFs.
It's almost certainly the case that the number of comments buried in this way would vault the EPA into (at least) second place, but we decided to reward those who took it upon themselves to submit comments directly. Comments such as "This is the DUMBEST SHOOT you bureaucratic morons have come up with to date!" and "The EPA don't give a FUDGE about Americans" and one suggesting that the EPA is "an EVIL corporation" poised to fudge the planet. (Fact check: The EPA is not a corporation.)
The TSA got some complaints ("Having my nasties ogled by some random government employee creeps me the FUDGE out") as did the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ("A MEGA-SHOOT-STORM IS ON THE HORIZON AND HUMANITY IS BRINGING IT ON OURSELVES") and the Department of Transportation, as it considered allowing phone calls on planes ("Listen to that SHOOT for hours on a plane no thank you"). Weirdly, some comments containing profanity were deleted, as the screen shot below shows.
Which brings us to the best, most comprehensive comment that came up in our search. It was to the IRS, of course, and neatly wraps up the entire exercise .
I urge the federal government to FUDGE-off
For that one, maybe it was worth maintaining the swear word.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

World Bank announces $160m for Ebola-hit Sierra LeoneWorld Bank announces $160m for Ebola-hit Sierra Leone
Next trigger will be stake sell deal in dec endCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sslt to short lagta hai 200 todega shayad13274 Followers
Reposted about 13 days 9 hrs 39 min 34 sec ago by raj2099
Undoubtedly the stock of the day. `hope you were on board & minted the max. in Jspl. Anyways, thanx my friend for being good to me always.

Will hit 23 before friday.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Bakshi gets stay on CLB order in McDonald s from Delhi HCBakshi gets stay on CLB order in McDonald's from Delhi HC
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 12:16 AM IST
Vikram Bakshi, the estranged partner of McDonald’s in India, received a stay from the Delhi High Court on Wednesday against a Company Law Board (CLB) order transferring the litigation between the US fast-food giant and Bakshi over the ownership of their joint venture Connaught Plaza Restaurants to the Chennai bench of CLB.
Bakshi’s lawyers had moved the Delhi High Court after CLB member B S V Prakash Kumar recused himself from hearing the matter on November 27 and the CLB chairman Justice DR Deshmukh transferred the case to the Chennai bench.
On Wednesday, Justice Sanjay Sachdeva heard the appeal filed by Bakshi’s legal counsels and gave the stay. Sachdeva will again hear the matter on January 15, 2015 to decide if the case would be transferred to Chennai bench of CLB or not.
On November 7, Bakshi had offered to sell his stake in the joint venture, which operates fast-food restaurants in the north and east of India, for Rs 1,800 crore. While McDonald’s rejected the offer, it failed to present a counter offer in the next hearing. The development came after Bakshi rejected McDonald’s previous offer of Rs 48-50 crore to buy his stake. The offer was based on a complicated formula, which Bakshi did not accept, asking for an independent valuer to determine the right valuation.
Bakshi had valued his stake at Rs 2,500 crore while offering to sell it during discussions with McDonald’s executives in April this year, which was later brought down to Rs 1,800 crore. At that time, there were questions about the number of outlets belonging to Bakshi under the joint venture, 163. In comparison, Hardcastle Restaurants, which runs McDonald’s operations in western and southern parts of the country, has 193 outlets.
Bakshi had informed the CLB in the previous hearing that McDonald’s offer went against the Foreign Exchange Management Act because it only provided for return on equity. His counsel argued the valuation did not capture Bakshi’s work over 18 years in building McDonald’s as a leading brand in India, sources said.
Prior to this, Bakshi had offered to buy McDonald’s stake in Connaught Plaza Restaurants at net asset value, around Rs 150 crore at the time. He had said he was not keen on retaining the brand and would prefer to start his own food and beverage venture. In 2008, McDonald’s had proposed Bakshi sell his stake for $5 million. It later raised the offer to $7 million. Bakshi refused to sell at such a valuation. Grant Thornton had valued the business at $331 million.
Bakshi approached the CLB after McDonald’s said in a public notice on August 30, 2013 that he had “ceased to be the managing director of Connaught Plaza Restaurants”. Bakshi has asked McDonald’s to return all the properties it had leased from him for running its restaurants.

Almost $8bn in deals in a week shows appetite for regions growing consumer marketsM&A activity hots up in Africa as investors bet on growth
Javier Blas in London and Andrew England in Johannesburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47dee88a-795c-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Monitoring the situation in ChhattisgarhUpdated: December 3, 2014 09:12 IST
Monitoring the situation in Chhattisgarh
Rahul Pandita
guerrilla activity
Security personnel deployed in the Red Corridor are not dying in Maoist attacks. They are dying because the state does not care about them
“I can only think of a holiday.” The soldier of the Central Reserve Police Force’s 223 Battalion said this to one of his colleagues as they stepped out of their camp on December 1 in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma district. The soldier died at 3 a.m. on Tuesday, 16 hours after getting injured in a Maoist ambush that killed 13 of his colleagues. The injured were brought back to the camp where they spent the night and the next morning struggling between life and death. The soldier who had holiday on his mind could not make it. The rest of the injured were evacuated the next afternoon, 24 hours after the ambush. “At least three more will die,” said a CRPF soldier to me. “Their organs are damaged and they just waited and waited, hoping to hear the sound of the chopper.”
It is safe to guess that most of the CRPF jawans who had been patrolling the same area of about 10-kilometre radius in the last 15 days had holiday on their mind. As a CRPF officer who is posted in the area, says, “Every morning, the soldier puts the coordinates in his GPS, and then he just wants to somehow be done with it.” The CRPF personnel who were caught in the ambush followed the same pattern every day. It is not clear what they were asked to achieve. The Maoist guerrillas had been waiting for them in an area where there are hillocks in a U-shape formation. They could only exit from the point they entered. The Maoists knew this and had set up their ambush accordingly.
After the kill, they took away a huge cache of weapons : 10 AK-47 rifles and 30 magazines, three Underbarrel Grenade Launchers and 30 grenade rounds, one Light Machine Gun and 300 rounds, four bulletproof jackets, GPS and night-vision devices, and a high-frequency VHF Manpack radio. They left nothing or no one of their own behind.
No memory of the living
Remembering the dead — the newly dead — is a performance art in India. There is a classical conditioning to it, especially when it comes to remembering those who die of the state’s own weaknesses, of its inadequacies. Right after the ambush, Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted that his thoughts were with the families of those who lost their loved ones. These thoughts will remain till he wears some other traditional headgear at his next public event, which would have happened by the time you read this. A few days ago, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh spoke about setting up a national police memorial at a cost of Rs. 50 crore. Like all his predecessors, the memory of the befallen concerns him in a way those who may be prevented from falling never will. If it did, he would not have been required to pay a non-consequential visit to Chhattisgarh, later tweeting with the same inertia that he had asked the state authorities to “monitor the situation.”
How does one “monitor the situation?” How does a state fighting a war against what it calls “India’s biggest internal security threat” not ensure that there are a couple of helipads with waiting helicopters in an area like Sukma so that injured soldiers are evacuated immediately? A few months ago, a soldier from the CRPF’s 150 Battalion was hit by a bullet on his hand as he stood inside his camp in Chintagufa. He could have easily been saved. But the injury opened up one of his arteries and he died of excessive bleeding. “Imagine, it was just a matter of clamping an artery,” says one of his colleagues.
“How does a state fighting a war against what it calls 'India’s biggest internal security threat' not ensure that there are helicopters in an area like Sukma to evacuate injured soldiers?”
There is a camp of the CRPF’s elite anti-Naxal CoBRA force in Darbha where, last year, the Maoists wiped out almost the entire Congress leadership of the Chhattisgarh State. A commando living there tells me there are five toilets for 150 personnel there. “I am so sick of eating potatoes, soybean nuggets and one type of dal,” he said. “How am I supposed to fight for a state that cannot even ensure a supply of vegetables for me?” Such supply, he says, is dependent on civilian transport. More than often, the driver arrives without supplies, claiming the Naxals waylaid him and looted it away. More than often, he is lying. “But what can we do!” the commando says. Every fortnight, his men offer liquor to bus drivers as bribe, hoping to get their supply of vegetables and eggs. But there is no guarantee, the commando says.
Malaria is rampant. Hundreds of CRPF and other police personnel on active anti-Naxal duty suffer from it. A few have died. “The soldiers fighting in the Second World War would have had better medicines than us,” a CRPF officer says. He says most of his men suffer from various skin diseases. “The sanitary conditions are so pathetic that half of my men can be seen holding their stomachs.”
Justice unlikely
On November 5, 2014, CoBRA commando Sujoy Mandal sent a registered letter to the Home Minister, among others. He is currently attached to his battalion headquarters in Bhandara, Maharashtra, cursing the day he joined the CRPF. His officers have put him under suspension for putting up a brave fight against Maoists and for raising a flag against his superior who did not and who also violated several standard operating procedures. His wife, Tithi, has been running around, showing documents, showing pictures of her husband with President Pranab Mukherjee after he won a Karate championship. She has kept all the receipts of the registered posts her husband has sent, explaining what went wrong in an operation, how he fought bravely and how the CRPF did not pay a penny for treatment of his injuries incurred during the Naxal attack.
In October, a CRPF commandant is believed to have thrashed one of his commandos in Gadchiroli, Maharashtra, after he refused to accept a petty order from his wife. Last month, the commando was summoned to the CRPF headquarters. It is very unlikely that he will get justice.
“The salute is done; the cameras are gone,” the CoBRA commando tells me. He has climbed on a hillock, on a small patch, where his cell phone catches a little signal. “It is tough to ask my men to fight,” he says. “They want to go on a holiday.” The signal is faltering. “I want to go home, too,” he says. And the signal is lost.
rahul.p@thehindu.co.in

Brazil: Struggling with the transitionBrazil struggling with the transition
Joe Leahy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b7fa9b96-74a2-11e4-8321-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The end of the commodities supercycle is bringing challenges to the Latin American nationBrazil struggling with the transition
Joe Leahy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b7fa9b96-74a2-11e4-8321-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kaiser Mental Health Clinicians Call for Board Member s Resignationreddit
Kaiser Permanente's 2,500 California mental health clinicians are calling for the resignation of Kaiser board member Cynthia Telles and vowing to strike if Kaiser does not immediately fix the problems plaguing its psychiatric services.
As the only member of the Kaiser Permanente Board of Directors with a background in mental health, Telles, a psychologist, is Kaiser's designated leader and spokesperson for mental health issues. Indeed, she was appointed, with great fanfare, for that very purpose in 2003 and is paid $200,000 a year to fill that role. But Telles hasn't used her high profile or her expertise on behalf of Kaiser mental health patients. For four years, she has failed to even acknowledge much less resolve a crisis in Kaiser's psychiatric services that is nearly identical to the scandal that engulfed the Veterans Affairs Administration earlier this year.
In 2013, state regulators fined Kaiser $4 million for its systemic understaffing of psychologists, therapists, and social workers, which forces patients in dire need of psychiatric services to wait weeks, even months for appointments. These ongoing delays in care, which far exceed the legal limit of ten days, have sometimes led to tragic outcomes, even suicides.
Why the understaffing? Why would Kaiser, the state's largest nonprofit health provider and a self-proclaimed model of integrated care, deliberately short change its mental health patients?
The problem isn't funding. "Nonprofit" Kaiser's 2014 profits are on pace to double last year's record haul of $2.1 billion, and the corporation has raked in more than $14.5 billion since 2009.
The problem isn't ignorance. Kaiser is well aware of the situation, having faced scrutiny from regulators and journalists, lawsuits from patients and families, and strikes from concerned psychiatric workers.
The problem is a lack of leadership. Telles and Kaiser's other top executives have buried their heads in the sand and refused to heed the warnings of their mental health clinicians. They have failed to address concerns expressed through the chain of command, through the collective bargaining process, and in the media, and they have fought the California Department of Managed Health Care's efforts to hold the HMO accountable.
Mental health professionals have a code of ethics that includes an essential and hallowed principle: to serve others above self-interest and to promote ethical practices on the part of the organizations with which they are affiliated. This is the guiding principle behind the decision by Kaiser's mental health clinicians to strike if Kaiser does not agree to much-needed reforms in bargaining sessions scheduled for early December.
As a psychologist, Telles is bound by this same ethical code to protect the interests of a highly vulnerable population seeking care from Kaiser. But Telles has utterly failed to live up to that obligation. Telles refused to meet with her mental health peers working inside Kaiser clinics when they first sounded the alarm. She did not speak up when Kaiser patients took their own lives. She did not speak up when lawsuits were filed. She did not speak up when journalists took up the story. She did not speak up when the reputation of Kaiser's psychiatric services plummeted. She did not reply to scores of signed letters written by Kaiser clinicians , imploring her to intervene and correct these problems.
Telles' only communiqué on Kaiser's mental health care crisis was a reply to a letter from three Kaiser psychologists who implored her to take action. In her response , Telles, despite ample evidence to the contrary, dismissed the psychologists' concerns as "bargaining tactics" and offered merely to forward their letter to the same regional managers who have ignored their concerns for years. Elsewhere Kaiser made it clear that any future attempts to communicate with Telles should be directed to Kaiser's attorneys.
This is the state of Kaiser Permanente mental health services: leaders hiding in the corporate bunker, hoping the crisis will just go away. Unwilling to take action or to admit mistakes, Cynthia Telles and the rest of Kaiser's executives have hunkered down and lawyered up.
This hypocrisy has lost Telles the faith and confidence of Kaiser mental health clinicians. We call on Cynthia Telles to resign in hopes that Kaiser will replace her with a true advocate for its psychiatric patients.
Click here to read the letter Kaiser's mental health clinicians sent to Cynthia Telles urging her to step down.
Click here to read clinicians' report on Kaiser's ongoing violations.
Sal Rosselli is president of the National Union of Healthcare Workers (NUHW), a member-led movement for democracy, quality patient care, and a stronger voice in the workplace. NUHW represents more than 10,000 workers throughout California, including 2,500 Kaiser psychologists, therapists, and social workers. NUHW.org .
Follow Sal Rosselli on Twitter: www.twitter.com/NUHW
More:

Stephen Hawking hails  life changing  speech upgrade0
“My old system was more than 20 years' old and I was finding it very difficult to continue to communicate effectively and to do the things I love to do,” he told reporters on Wednesday.
“With the improvements made I am now able to write much faster and it means I can continue to give lectures, write papers and books, and meet with my family and friends more easily.
”This new system is life-changing for me and I hope it will serve me well for the next 20 years.“
Intel said it had been working on the new platform, called ACAT (Assistive Context Aware Toolkit), in collaboration with Hawking for three years.
The new system, which is controlled by an infrared switch mounted on Hawking's glasses, has doubled his speech rates and sped up common tasks, such as finding a computer file, by about 10 times, Intel Labs engineer Lama Nachman said.
It uses predictive text algorithms developed with six-year-old British software company SwiftKey, similar to those found on smartphones, to select words after inputting just 10-15 percent of letters, significantly reducing the effort and time required.
The software will be made public early next year so it can be used to help other people with motor neuron diseases, quadriplegia and other disabilities.
”By making this technology freely available it has the potential to greatly improve the lives of disabled people all over the world,“ Hawking said.
One element has not been updated, however. Hawking, who has spent much of his career at Cambridge University, specified that his distinctive computerized voice, complete with North American accent, should not be changed.

Cutting Red Tape in Trade Supports Developmentreddit
In Geneva on Thursday the world clinched a landmark deal on trade.
World Trade Organization (WTO) members have opened the way for implementation of the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement, following a welcome breakthrough between India and the United States. The Agreement aims at removing bottlenecks and cutting red tape for international trade so that goods cross borders more quickly and at lower cost. It was among the decisions taken at the WTO Ministerial in Bali in December 2013, bringing to end more than a decade of negotiations on the issue.
The Trade Facilitation Agreement may be new, but at the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), we have promoted trade facilitation as an integral part of trade and development policies for half a century. It is in everyone's interest to cut red tape, in particular in developing and least developed countries. Nonetheless, UNCTAD research reveals that trade facilitation reforms are more difficult to implement, yet also more important, for developing and least developed countries as compared to advanced economies.
Cross-border trade offers many opportunities, but also gives rise to challenges in the social, economic and environmental fields. Simplifying the international trade environment can help developing countries harness the benefits of globalization, while mitigating its costs.
One of the challenges to global trade is inefficient import and export procedures. In developing and least developed countries, the extra costs of delays, red tape, inefficiency and in some cases corruption can add as much as 15 per cent to the price of goods. This undermines the competitiveness of goods from these countries, particularly as the relatively low value of such products makes them more sensitive to additional trade transaction costs. Barriers to trade become barriers to development.
Trade facilitation contributes to creating the fast and reliable trade and transport services needed for developing and least developed countries to integrate into global logistics networks and participate in global value chains.
It is a common misconception that trade facilitation equates to less control for public authorities in overseeing trade. On the contrary, many specific trade facilitation reforms lead to more efficient and better-targeted controls, in a transparent trading environment. Such changes assist customs authorities in securing revenue collection, and veterinary and health authorities in monitoring food products. These controls are increasingly essential in our globalized marketplace, and are part of building strong national institutions.
The example of UNCTAD's ASYCUDA customs automation programme, implemented in more than 90 countries around the world, is illustrative. After automating and modernizing customs procedures, both revenue collection increases and controls improve. Traders see a reduction in the cost of trade, and trade flows increase. More trade generates more revenue for the government, which in turn can help improve public services, such as education and health care.
There are many other development benefits from trade facilitation -- especially for developing and least developed countries -- that are difficult to quantify. Trade facilitation helps integrate informal trade into the formal economy by lowering barriers for small- and medium-sized traders. It strengthens institutions and inter-institutional cooperation, which contributes to good governance, transparency and reduced corruption. Trade facilitation also encourages private sector and inward investment by providing a clear and predictable trade environment. This, in turn, may lead to better quality employment. Trade facilitation also provides incentives for closer regional integration and for greater investment in transport infrastructure and services linking neighboring countries.
Naturally, developing and least developed countries will have to make investments to achieve the targets of the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement. UNCTAD estimates that meeting obligations under the Agreement will cost most countries US$5 million to US$15 million, depending on their individual situation. This highlights one of the crucial elements of the WTO Agreement. Developed countries have committed to helping developing and least developed countries implement the Agreement through technical and financial assistance. In this respect, the Agreement contains a real and novel development perspective.
It is now important that recent statements of good intention by WTO Members are translated into action and commitments. That way the Trade Facilitation Agreement can play a part in boosting global trade, particularly for the benefit of developing and least developed countries.
UNCTAD has longstanding experience as a partner in trade facilitation, for developing and least developed countries as well as for donor countries. Our focus is on trade facilitation as part of the wider drive to improve countries' development prospects and build sustainable and responsible globalization. As the international community comes together to agree on an ambitious, universal development agenda for the post-2015 period, implementing the Trade Facilitation Agenda is an important first step in reinvigorating an international trading system that is economically, socially and environmentally sustainable.
Mukhisa Kituyi, a former trade and industry minister of Kenya and academic, has been UNCTAD Secretary-General since September 2013.
Follow Mukhisa Kituyi on Twitter: www.twitter.com/UNCTADKituyi
More:

5 Career Stalling Mistakes You May Not Know You Are MakingWhether you catch yourself saying it, or overhear it from colleagues in the office, be aware that negative comments will affect your professional image in the workplace.
Do any of these sound familiar?
"My boss just doesn't like me."
"I can't believe they gave her that promotion -- she doesn't deserve it."
"I hate this job!"
If so, it may be time to change your perspective or change your job. Take an honest inventory of five career stalling workplace habits:
You don't seem happy. If your natural resting face involves a scowl and turned down lips, you are sending the message you are unhappy and would rather be elsewhere. A bad attitude and negative frame of mind is contagious. Invest some effort into improving your outlook and your life. Your livelihood, and your personal life, is dependent on it.
You are never fully present. Whether you are always on your cell phone or your mind is constantly on your "to do" list when others are talking to you, it is a professional mistake to not give your full attention to the people around you. Your success in business is largely dependent on the quality of your relationships and when your focus is elsewhere, you are sending a clear message that you are not totally engaged.
Your default reaction is generally "no". When someone suggests a different way to do something or a new business strategy, do you find yourself immediately searching for reasons why it will not work? If so, you owe it to your colleagues, employer and yourself, to thoughtfully consider new ideas before shooting theirs down.
Your time management skills are lacking. When you get the job done you do excellent work, but your projects are seldom completed by deadline. If you have difficulty keeping up with multiple demands, you are probably not the first choice for a promotion. Success comes from prioritizing your work and staying focused despite the inevitable distractions. If your boss keeps piling on new work,  make sure to discuss priorities and timelines. If a due date is unreasonable and cannot be met, then determine what is reasonable and plan accordingly.
You are not interested in growing your skills. Unless you have the desire to improve your talents, expand your knowledge in your field and show a genuine interest in your job, your career will likely remain at a standstill until one of two scenarios takes place -- you leave, or you are asked to leave. We make progress in the workplace when competence is accompanied by a drive to do more, try new things and take on more responsibility. Growth comes when you step out of your comfort zone. You lack the motivation to be nice.
According to a study done by Harvard, Stanford and The Carnegie Foundation, 85 percent of one's job success is based upon their "social skills," translated their ability to interact with others in a cordial and relatable manner. It should be no surprise that small courtesies and genuine interest in another person will warrant large results.
If you saw a lot of yourself in the habits mentioned above, it may be time to evaluate the primary source of your frustration.  If you are feeling overwhelmed, you may find the tips shared in my " How to Stay Composed Under Pressure " helpful.  I also recently shared " Ten Tips for Staying Motivated at a Job You Dislike ".
For more of Diane's etiquette tips, visit her blog , connect with her here on The Huffington Post, follow her on Pinterest and Instagram and "like" The Protocol School of Texas on Facebook.
Follow Diane Gottsman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dianegottsman
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Daimler readies phase-II for IndiaDaimler readies phase-II for India
Swaraj Baggonkar | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 12:46 AM IST
Tucked in an industrial corridor of Tamil Nadu, the buzzing truck and bus manufacturing factory of Daimler India Commercial Vehicles (DICV) is readying the next chapter of its India story.
Having broken into the list of India’s top three heavy duty truck manufacturers just three years after starting production and sales operations here, DICV is eager to launch its next series of trucks, even as it prepares to make a foray into the bus segment.
DICV, which does not share sales data with the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers unlike its competition, claims to have a market share of seven per cent in the 9-49 tonne category. The company says it has 16,000 trucks running on Indian roads.
Erich Nesselhauf, managing director & chief executive officer of Daimler India Commerical Vehicles, said that despite the unfavourable market conditions, the company managed to grab market share. “The reason behind this is because we have added new products and new dealers.”
After a gradual expansion of dealerships across the south and west of the country, the company is targeting the north. On the product front, Daimler will unveil a new heavy duty truck next year and also announce its entry into the bus segment.
The company, which sells its products under the Bharat Benz brand, will cater to the city bus segment while its elder sibling Mercedes-Benz will continue in the luxury inter-city segment. A new Rs 425 crore bus plant, built within the premises of the truck making plant, will commence operations in the second quarter of next year.
Buses will be offered in the nine tonne and above categories having front and rear engine configurations. The plant has an installed capacity of 1,500 units per annum in the first phase and can be expanded to 4,000 units per annum.
The company says it has doubled its volumes in the past two years and aims to double it again next year. In the medium term, it targets to triple its market share to 20 per cent. It wants to fully utilise its initial installed capacity of 36,000 in two years.
“There are bigger plans ahead,” adds Nesselhauf.

Make Tibetan Thukpa with Chef VikasPrint
'Yahoo brings Vikas @ Home' is a brand new 52-week video series from Yahoo Lifestyle Cuisine. Every week, Masterchef Vikas Khanna will bring you one dish that has made a difference in his life; as he shares the recipe, he will also share his experiences and stories behind that recipe. Stay tuned for an exciting 52-week journey with Chef Vikas.
 
EPISODE SEVEN - THUKPA
Chef Vikas Khanna shows you his very own version of Kopan masala, a staple of Tibetan cuisine, in a hearty soup that you can have with seasonal vegetables, fruits, and even with meats and sea food. 
 
Photo by: Michael Swamy
 
Make this dish at home and let us know how it turned out. Do keep in touch with us by sending in your comments/feedback in the comments space below. See you next week!
 
Yahoo presents Vikas@Home is a brand new 52-week series hosted by International Masterchef Vikas Khanna. Stayed tuned for latest episodes, every Wednesday at 11 am, only on Yahoo India Lifestyle Cuisine

Sports car of 14: Subaru WRX STIItaly's most dangerous spider
Truth is, Subaru’s winged beast owes its place on this list to a stupefying in-car video released in June, in which driver Mark Higgins pilots a mostly stock STI around Britain’s Isle of Man – a torturous 37-mile loop – in a scant 19 minutes, 26 seconds, at speeds in excess of 160mph. He manages to obliterate the standing record in the process – a record held by himself, set behind the wheel of the previous-generation STI.
The new STI’s turbocharged 2.5-litre horizontally opposed four-cylinder engine is unchanged from last year, but the car around it is new – dramatically stiffer and better balanced (better looking, too, if we’re being honest). The flat four produces a noisy 305 horsepower and 290 pound-feet of torque, delivered to all four wheels through a six-speed manual transmission – no automatic is available. The suspension, too, is thoroughly revised and properly punishing, as a thoroughbred sports car should be.
The STI has few real rivals – cars that can charge as hard and corner as tenaciously and carry a child seat, a mother-in-law and a week’s worth of luggage. Sports car or sporting sedan – quibble among yourselves. The WRX STI is still the sharpest multi-tool in the shed.
Second Opinion: 2015 Jaguar F-type Coupe
(Jaguar Cars)
There’s a reason why the black side skirts on the top-spec Jaguar F-type R Coupe seem a bit de trop. The fundamental shape of Coventry’s first proper sports car in decades is so alluring that any adornment reads like lipstick on the Venus de Milo. Whether in V6 or V8 guise, the coupe also moves like a welterweight, shifts like a metronome and bleats bloody murder at the merest throttle tap. Tomorrow's Jaguar scholars risk forgetting the letter in the alphabet immediately preceding “F”. – Jonathan Schultz
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
Fascinating Cars of 2014
Editor Matthew Phenix and deputy editor Jonathan Schultz revisited the most fascinating cars of the year. Click here in coming weeks for more honorees.

How viral videos became the way veterans combat stolen valorBy Dan Lamothe December 3 Follow @danlamothe
A viral video exploded on the Internet in the last few days, starring a man in an Army uniform who is confronted by a veteran in a shopping mall on Black Friday. The man in camouflage says he served in Afghanistan and Iraq and is a member of the elite Army Rangers, but seems confused about a variety of Army rules, regulations and units.
This YouTube screen grab shows a man allegedly faking military service in a shopping mall on Friday. (YouTube screen grab)
The veteran  — a former infantryman with the 101st Airborne Division — lobs a series of questions at the heavyset man in uniform while at Oxford Valley Mall near Philadelphia. He appears confused when asked why is wearing more than one Combat Infantry Badge, an award for those who have personally been in combat, and a U.S. flag on the wrong part of his sleeve.
“You got me on that one, buddy,” the man in uniform says, moving the flag higher on his shoulder at the direction of the veteran.
The situation escalates, with the veteran cursing at the man in uniform and calling him a liar.
“Why don’t you just admit you’re a phony?” the veteran says. “You know that’s illegal, right?”
DISCLAIMER: The videos in this blog post include profanity.
The clip has been viewed more than 2 million times since it was posted Black Friday. But it’s hardly the only one like it. It illustrates a broader trend in which veterans and active-duty troops spot people they believe are faking military service, confront them on video and then post the results on social media.
“I watched this guy talk to this little kid for like 10, 15 minutes. I heard him say he was Special Forces,” the veteran in the video, Ryan Beck, told Army Times . “Nothing added up with this dude.”
U.S. troops and veterans have long loathed those who fake military service. But in an era of social media and cell phone cameras, they now expose them rapidly, with the videos distributed widely with scorn because of the sales discounts, free drinks and other perks faking military service can yield.
But the practice also has a dark side. The fiancee of the man in the video, told Army Times that they have faced fierce cyber bullying, with contact information and family photographs posted online. Beck told the newspaper that was never his intention.
“That’s a shame,” Berk said. “His kids obviously have nothing to do with it. That’s wrong. That wasn’t my intention. My intention was to have this guy put on blast so he stops doing it.”
The video was first posted by the Guardian of Valor website , which has a “Hall of Shame” for those caught faking. Army Staff Sgt. Anthony Anderson, an infantryman and website administrator, said he thinks the clip went viral because civilians don’t understand why faking military service is looked at so negatively by the troops and veterans.
“They don’t understand the anger he felt because he had lost friends wearing that uniform, had friends wounded in combat,” Anderson said. “So they want to watch because they are trying to figure out why it makes Veterans so angry.”
In another video example, a female veteran calls out a man claiming to be an Army major, despite saying he is only 21 years old. Earning that rank typically takes about eight to 12 years.
Another video distributed widely this year shows Marines confronting a man wearing an Army dress uniform with a dubious stack of medals on it. The man is wearing the uniform of a sergeant major — an enlisted soldier — but tells the Marines he is an officer.
The troops who confront the alleged fakers in these videos aren’t wrong about fraudulently wearing a military uniform being a crime, although there is some nuance to it. The Stolen Valor Act of 2013 says it is illegal for someone to wear military awards like the Medal of Honor, Navy Cross or Purple Heart  “to obtain money, property, or other tangible benefit.”
An earlier version of the Stolen Valor Act was passed in 2005, but tossed out by the Supreme Court in 2012 for infringing on the First Amendment. The newer version of the law doesn’t make it a crime to lie about military service, but says that anyone found guilty of attempting to profit from it is subject to a fine, imprisonment for up to one year, or both.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Google My Business  app launched to help SMBs succeed online'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Google today announced the launch of an interface ‘Google My Business’ here to help Indian small and medium businesses (SMBs) succeed online.
Google said the new product, designed to work across both desktop and mobile devices (tablets and smart phones), will help small and medium businesses to create and update their business info on Google Search, Maps and Google+ from one place for free in both Hindi and English.
‘Google My Business’ makes it easier for business to create their online presence even when they don’t have a website and manage it from their smartphones, making it easier for customers to get in touch with local businesses when they search for them online, Google said.
“India is strategic market for Google and we are committed to invest in solutions that cater to the needs of SMBs in India,” Google Head of Small and Medium Business Sales Suryanarayana Kodukulla told reporters here.
He said “Globally over 2 million businesses use Google’s advertising platform to find potential buyers on internet. We have very ambitious plan of bringing down the barriers that inhibits SMBs in India from embracing the internet.”
Stating that Google is also investing in extending deeper support services through a local partner network and local language call centers, he said that “in addition to this to tackle the challenge of lack of awareness around the benefits of internet we are partnering with CII to help create awareness amongst SMBs to accelerate the adoption of internet”.
Speaking about the growth of internet in India, Kodukulla said, “India is now the third largest internet market…to get the first hundred million internet users it took ten years, but the second hundred million came in the span of two years that was pretty fast, more interesting thing is in the next one one-and-half years we will get the next hundred million users.”
Kodukulla said, “This means in the next year we will possibly be the second largest internet market after China, even overtaking the US. That’s really fast…”
Google also announced the shortlisted five finalists of Google SME Heroes-Bangalore that includes Simplilearn CEO Krishna Kumar, Portea Co-founders Ganesh Krishnan and Meena Ganesh, Zoffio Founder Abhishek Kamani, HiFives Founder Sagar Chaudhuri and Savaari Founder Gaurav Agarwal.
This initiative aims to showcase and celebrate local small medium businesses that have embraced the internet to grow their business. As a national campaign five finalists in each major city of India will be shortlisted who will then be invited to the national capital for a mega SMB event where four regional and one national winner will be announced, Google said.
TAGS: Google India
More from industry

Torn between identitiesUpdated: December 3, 2014 20:15 IST
Torn between identities
Ratan Kaul at the launch
TOPICS
authors and poets
National identity is the cornerstone of Ratan Kaul’s recently published romantic novel, “Wings of Freedom”
Inter-religious love affairs often surface. Yet they are much frenzied about and seldom accepted by society. Such is the hype that it often leads to crises of identities, between two people in love. Recently, attending the launch of “Wings of Freedom”, a 270-odd page work of fiction, one realised how many layers exist in our diverse society for a simple emotion like love.
Seldom inter-religious love affairs are mired in linearity. Because, often, there lie multi-dimensional complexities like religion, culture, societal status, values and customs. In the book, the protagonist Raju and his beloved Eileen hail from different religions and nationalities, different races and cultures. Yet the love affair takes off. But what makes it different from the usual is that religion isn’t the cornerstone here. Instead, it is the national identity that stirs up a dilemma.
The story opens in the year 1911 when Delhi became the Capital city. Raju, a college student, is an Indian and Eileen, a teenager, is a British. The backdrop depicts the scenic tapestry of the city of Delhi as it existed a century ago. It takes you through the freedom movement and blends with it a bit of suspense and adventures.
“It offers an Indian perspective to the colonial days,” points Ratan Kaul, the author of the novel. “There have been many books on the days of British Raj. But almost all of them have been written from the British point of view. Novels like E.M. Forster’s ‘A Passage to India’, Paul Scott’s ‘The Jewel in the Crown’ are quite popular. But, they don’t capture the India story.”
Does it then mean that history changes with the change of pen? “Well, history besides being facts is also about interpretation. So, it is how we interpret it,” points out Kaul who has had a career in corporate management.
Does the love affair survive the societal pressures, the cultural divide and the political turmoil? Or does it get lost in the multiple identities? To know more, you need to know the story of Raj who is in an inner conflict. He is torn between the love of his life and the love for his country. But, just as one said, there are several complexities. Who knows you could get lost in the religion versus love or culture versus love debate. And for that, the “Wings of Freedom” author suggests, “You should just enjoy. Live free and love.”

Narendra Modi must apologise to people of Kashmir: Omar Abdullah13
0
Nagrota: In the wake of the controversy over the hate speech by Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Wednesday said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi must apologise to the residents of Kashmir.
"Kashmir is a Muslim majority state and the Prime Minister who will hold a rally in Srinagar must apologise to the people of Kashmir as his cabinet colleague has used abusive language for people like us," Omar told reporters on the sidelines of an election rally in Nagrota.
Asking BJP as how the party now expects votes from the people of Kashmir when such derogatory words have been used for the people, he said "Modi should explain why no action was taken against the minister... and apologise."
n the wake of the controversy over the hate speech by Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Wednesday said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi must apologise to the residents of Kashmir.
#sadhvi niranjan jyoti #omar abdullah #hate speech #narendra modi
Reacting to a question on the Prime Minister's upcoming election rally in Kashmir in which BJP has claimed that it expects the participation of more than one lakh people, Omar said, "BJP has no dearth of money and they can offer food and arrange vehicles so it would not be a big deal to gather one lakh people from the entire Kashmir valley."
He said even separatist-turned-politician Sajad Lone can alone bring more than 20 to 30 thousand people to attend Modi's rally.
3

Falling oil prices  more peaceComments
By Cullen S. Hendrix December 3
Smoke rises from the Beiji oil refinery during clashes between the Islamic State and Iraqi government forces in Beiji, northern Iraq, on July 30, 2014. (STR/EPA/Landov).
The fall of 2008 was a banner time for oil-exporting countries to flex their muscles. Russia invaded neighboring Georgia. Venezuela’s Hugo Chávez expelled the U.S. ambassador and threatened to cut exports to the United States. With Iranian backing, Hamas launched rocket attacks on Israel. Khaled Mashaal, the chairman of the Hamas Political Bureau, would later say that Iran had played a “ big role ,” providing money and moral support. Perhaps not coincidentally, oil was trading at over $100 per barrel, the highest prices seen in over two decades.
Fast forward to 2014: Russia is headed into recession and the target of Western sanctions, Venezuela is experiencing urban unrest and shortages of basic goods , and observers are starting to question Iran’s resolve in ongoing nuclear talks . Perhaps not coincidentally, oil is trading at below $70 per barrel, the lowest prices seen in four years. Some observers believe $50 per barrel oil is in sight . Consumers are rejoicing, producers are getting nervous, and financiers are revving up their forecasting divisions to determine just how bad budget shortfalls (and demand for credit) in exporting countries will be.
Do high oil prices embolden aggressive behavior by exporting states? Thomas Friedman’s First Law of Petropolitics holds that high oil prices embolden producing countries to adopt more confrontational foreign policies. In a recent working paper , I put this conjecture to the test. The results are clear: high prices are associated with more frequent militarized disputes in oil-exporting states, but have no systematic effects in non-exporting states. If past trends hold, a low-price future will be one of less aggressive behavior on the part of exporters. However, a low-price future may also be one of growing domestic unrest in oil-exporting states, where oil revenues are key pillars of social stability.
Why would high prices lead to more aggressive behavior in oil-exporting states? Oil is a contestable resource: because it’s fixed geographically, anyone who can control oil-rich territory can exploit its riches. Thus, oil-rich countries may be attractive targets for conquest, as Kuwait learned the hard way.
Oil exporters tend to have large, technologically sophisticated militaries (and police forces ), which may be perceived as more threatening by their neighbors and major powers. Oil exporters may be more conflict-prone because their pursuit of security provokes security dilemma dynamics – or just a powerful position from which to bully neighboring countries.
Alternately, oil producers may be more conflict-prone because they expect to face less grave consequences for saber-rattling behavior. Precisely because oil is a strategic resource, major powers respond harshly to activities that roil international markets: the U.S.-led response to Iraq’s invasion of neighboring Kuwait was executed under the auspices of a U.N. Security Council binding resolution. Perhaps leaders in oil-exporting states view this implicit security guarantee as a form of insurance against retribution, and thus become more casual about the use of force to resolve their disputes. This is a form of moral hazard – the idea that insurance against bad behavior paradoxically makes that bad behavior more likely.
These dynamics – outsized militaries, implicit security guarantees – may be more empowering to some leaders than others. Jeff Colgan’s work on oil and conflict demonstrates that oil-exporting states led by revolutionary leaders – like Chavez – are particularly aggressive.
Less is known about price effects.
All of the mechanisms outlined previously should be amplified by high prices. High prices increase value of ownership of these resources, potentially making oil-rich countries more attractive targets. The moral hazard dynamics engendered by major powers’ import dependence should be greater. Military expenditures and state coffers will be more bloated. For these reasons, higher prices should be associated with more conflictual behavior, which is precisely what I find: oil-exporting countries are 30 percent more likely to be involved in militarized disputes – military actions short of actual war – when oil is trading at where it is now (~$67 per barrel) than when oil trading at roughly $24 per barrel (as it was in 1994). Thomas Friedman’s First Law of Petropolitics finds considerable support.
I also find the relative bellicosity of oil-exporting to non-oil-exporting countries is price-contingent: above $77 per barrel, oil-exporting states are significantly more dispute-prone than non-oil countries. Below $33 per barrel, oil-exporting countries are less dispute- prone than non-exporting countries, though this lower-end finding is not statistically significant. Moreover, I find strong (though circumstantial) evidence to suggest this relationship is not due to conflict behavior driving up prices.
What about the effects for non-oil exporters? The theoretical effects are ambiguous: Low oil prices translate to lower mobilization costs. Modern armies are incredibly energy-intensive: the U.S. Army, for instance, consumed an average of 47.7 million liters of fuel per day in 2006, roughly equal to the daily consumption of Sweden . All things held constant, low fuel costs translate to lower costs of engaging in conflict. High fuel costs, however, raise the present discounted value of control of oil supplies, thus increasing the attractiveness of oil exporters as targets. Per the moral hazard logic, high prices should also increase the incentives for major powers to act preemptively to deter military action against oil producers. Theoretically, the effects should cancel one another out. Empirically, there is no relationship.
It’s tempting to interpret these findings as suggesting a future of lower oil prices will be one of greater international peace and cooperation, with Russia abandoning its ambitions in Ukraine, Venezuela normalizing relations with the United States and Iran coming to the bargaining table in a more credible fashion.
Weighing against this beneficial effect is the fact that in many exporting states, oil revenues constitute the central pillar of government spending that has placated (or repressed) the citizenry. The differential outcomes of Arab Spring protests across the Middle East and North Africa ( resource-poor Egyptian and Tunisian governments toppled while resource-rich governments weathered the storm ) highlight this. Low prices, therefore, can imperil domestic political stability in exporting states and create spillovers, such as the vacuum that is currently empowering the Islamic State.
Is it too much to ask for a happy medium?
Cullen Hendrix is assistant professor at the Josef Korbel School of International Studies at the University of Denver and nonresident senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. With Marcus Noland, he is the author “ Confronting the Curse: The Economics and Geopolitics of Natural Resource Governance .”

Kraft raising prices on its K-Cup coffeesRead the story
This comes after the large U.S. roaster raised prices on its Maxwell House and Yuban roast and ground coffee brands by about 10 percent in June, its first increase in three years. It raised prices for its premium Gevalia brand by about 7 percent the following month.
Other major U.S. roasters also raised their roast and ground prices around that time, but single-serve was excluded.
On Nov. 3, Keurig, the maker of single-serve K-Cups, raised its portion pack prices.
Single-serve coffee pods carry significantly larger profit margins than roast and ground coffee.

M&M in race to buy Saab Auto s holding firm: reportsM&M in race to buy Saab Auto's holding firm: reports
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 12:08 AM IST
 
National Electric Vehicle Sweden AB, the holding company that purchased assets of Saab Automobile two years ago, has said that it is in talks with two Asian companies for a sell-out, one of which, news reports say, could be Mahindra & Mahindra.
The struggling Swedish company further stated that a letter of intent has been signed with one of the two companies which has agreed to become the majority owner in NEVS. Reports in European media state that Mumbai-based M&M is amongst the prospective buyers, however, M&M has declined to comment.
“As a matter of policy we do not comment on speculation”, a spokesperson at Mahindra & Mahindra said when responding to a questionnaire sent its response on if the company had shown interest in NEVS.
The term sheet stipulates the form for further negotiations, commercial terms for an expected final deal, as well as funding to be paid by the OEM, both through a direct investment in NEVS and during the continuation of the negotiation phase until the deal is closed, NEVS said. 
"I cannot comment on the parties we are negotiating with, due to the present non-disclosure agreements", said a spokesperson of NEVS. The Swedish company which is owned by National Modern Energy Holdings, an Chinese-Japanese energy company having its headquarters in Hong Kong, filed for bankruptcy in August this year.
If a positive decision is given by the board of directors, the OEM player has agreed to provide bridge loans to NEVS with Euro 5 million per month to cover the running costs for a continued organisation until the negotiations have been concluded, NEVS added.
NEVS, which makes cars running on electric motors and internal combustion engines has a licensing agreement with Saab AB allowing it to use the Saab brand name for its future vehicles.

Supreme Court asks SIT to consider sharing with Jethmalani reports of probe into black moneyDec 04, 2014 at  12:33am IST
SC asks Centre to ensure completion of Income Tax probe into black money case by March 31
9
0
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Wednesday asked the Centre to ensure that the ongoing Income Tax probe for suspected black money concerning 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC bank, Geneva, be completed by March next year.
The apex court directed the Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the black money case to consider providing the copies of the reports of its probe to eminent jurist Ram Jethmalani, who is one of the petitioners in the matter.
The court asked the Centre to ensure that the probe for suspected black money does not get time-barred and be completed by March next year. The court also said that if for any reasons the probe remains inconclusive, the Centre will take appropriate decision to extend the deadline of March 31, 2015. The next hearing of the case will be on the January 20.
The court asked the Centre to ensure that the ongoing I-T probe for suspected black money concerning 627 Indians be completed by March next year.
#black money #sit #ram jethmalani #supreme court
The Bench headed by chief justice H L Dattu also asked the apex court-appointed SIT to probe the cases of black money to consider the plea for furnishing certain information and correspondences received by it to the petitioners without "blackening" the contents.
Jethmalani submitted that the then Solicitor General in the previous UPA government Mohan Parasaran, had supplied some letters and documents after masking certain portions. The Bench, also comprising Justices MB Lokur and AK Sikri, accepted another plea of Jethmalani's counsel Anil Divan that the SIT headed by Justice MB Shah, should consider providing the copies of the reports of its probe to the eminent lawyer. "We are aware of it and there would not be any problem as now the prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years of commission of the offence," he said.
The Bench, in its order, said, "We are confident that the proceedings before the Income Tax department will be completed by March 31, 2015 and if for any reasons it is not completed, we are confident that appropriate decision will be taken." Rohatgi said he was not aware as to why certain portions of documents supplied to previous UPA regime were "blackened".
While the issue of masking certain portions of documents was being deliberated, the Bench said, "the dates and designation of officers are there and if you will try you can make out everything". The Bench, which posted the next hearing for January 20, said for all his grievances, Jethmalani can make representation before the SIT which will consider the plea.
At the end of the hearing, activist advocate Prashant Bhushan raised the issue of disclosing names of 250 people who admitted to holding accounts in foreign banks but let off after tax proceedings. However, after the Attorney General said his intervention application has not been allowed as yet, the Bench said his plea cannot be addressed by it.
Jethmalani said, "see the tragedy of a person trying to recover the black money for the country. I am sitting in opposition. This is the tragedy of the country". Rohatgi said the court was not the proper forum for raising such issue.
The Centre on October 29 had given to the apex court a list of 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC bank, Geneva, in which tax probe for suspected black money has to be completed by March next year. The documents containing correspondence with French authorities, names of the account holders and the status report of the probe conducted so far in black money cases were submitted in separate sealed covers by the Attorney General which the apex court had not opened.
Instead, the court had said the envelopes would be opened by Chairman M B Shah and Vice Chairman Arijit Pasayat, both former judges of the Supreme Court, who are part of the court-appointed SIT, and decide on future course of action. It had asked the SIT to conduct a probe against the account holders and submit its status report of its probe as expeditiously as possible.
The Centre had submitted that almost half of the account holders are resident Indians who could be prosecuted under the Income Tax laws and rest of them are NRIs. Rohatgi had said some of the account holders have already admitted to having accounts and having paid taxes.
Rohatgi had said details of account holders are of 2006 which were supplied by the French government to the Centre in 2011. Most transactions in those accounts took place during 1999 and 2000 and the last date for completion and assessment in all these cases is March 31, 2015.
He had said the IT Act has been amended. Instead of six years, now the prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years of commission of the offence, he had said.
9

Five areas to monitor while prepping for RamsBy Mike Jones December 3 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Colts defensive end Arthur Jones, left, pats Washington Redskins wide receiver DeSean Jackson on the back as he is walked off the field by training staff and team doctors during Sunday’s third quarter. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
The Washington Redskins this Sunday return to FedEx Field for their first home game in three weeks. Last time they played at home, the players and coaches got booed off the field after every failed offensive series, after each quarter ended and at the completion of the game.
The Redskins will try to give their fans a better result this time around, but they have some work to do.
Here are five areas to monitor as the players return from their off day and hit the practice fields today:
1. DeSean Jackson’s health: Jackson, the team’s top offensive threat, left Sunday’s game with a lower leg contusion and was still limping pretty badly on Monday. The team doesn’t have long-term concern, but does not yet know if he will be available this weekend. Considering that Jackson has nearly twice as many yards as the second-leading receiver, and a team-high five touchdowns, his absence could really hurt.
2. Ever-thinning secondary: The cornerbacks already were dropping like flies, but then on Sunday, Washington lost starting strong safety Brandon Meriweather to a sprained big toe. Like Jackson, the Redskins will have a better idea of his status today. But coach Jay Gruden said on Monday that it looked rather bleak for Meriweather . Meanwhile, Chase Minnifield will be monitored for a concussion, and E.J. Biggers, who missed the last game with a concussion, will see if he can return to action this week.
3. Trent Williams’s  health: The left tackle returned to action last week after missing much of the Tampa Bay game and all of the San Francisco matchup with a sprained medial collateral ligament in the same right knee that he partially dislocated earlier this year. But Williams wasn’t his usual effective self against the Colts. Despite his struggles, he and his coaches believe that he remains the best option. Williams hopes to see more improvement in his strength and mobility as he prepares for a matchup with the talented Robert Quinn.
4. McCoy’s progress: The quarterback on Sunday had his best game, throwing for 392 yards, three touchdowns and no interceptions. But a slow start proved costly as Washington missed a chance to jump up 14-0 on the Colts. McCoy will make his third start of the season on Sunday, but he and his coaches need to do some tinkering with his mind-set, approach, and the game plan to help him get off to better starts.
5. Team mind-set: Gruden expressed concern over the body language of his players and the lack of urgency they displayed between plays. He wants to see them move with a greater sense of purpose. He wants wide receivers and linemen hustling back to huddles and then back to the line and the same goes for his defensive players. The coach wants his players to have more of a Go-get-’em mind-set. It’s hard when you’re 3-9 , but these players have got to carry themselves as if they’re in the thick of a playoff hunt, Gruden says.
More from The Post:

Former body man Reggie Love has a new book coming outBy Helena Andrews December 3 Follow @helena_andrews
President Obama with his former personal aide Reggie Love. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
Former White House “chief of stuff,” Reggie Love, 33, has added author to his list of post-1600 Penn. achievements. Probably the best known presidential personal aide in recent memory (sorry guys, Gary Walsh does not count), Love’s “ Power Forward: My Presidential Education ” is out Feb. 3.
Love, who left the administration in 2011 to finish business school, has been the subject of many glowing profiles in the mainstream media. This is the guy who introduced President Obama to Jay-Z and the fist bump. He was the cool young staffer who was as comfortable in a business suit as he was in basketball shorts.
People Magazine even named Love one of its “ hottest bachelor s” in 2008. Love told the glossy that his best and worst move was the quintessential Washington introduction: “The point in the conversation where I say, ‘My name is Reggie Love.’ ” (Full disclosure: this reporter met Love socially around that same time, and yes, he introduced himself that way.)
Billed as a “professional coming of age story,” we doubt there will be any Aha! or gotcha moments in “Power Forward” that would embarrass Love’s former boss-slash-big bro. At this point everyone knows the president likes his MET-Rx protein bars in chocolate roasted-peanut and his Honest Tea in Black Forest Berry. What the book does promise is a fly-on-the-wall view of “the innumerable private moments” that forged Love and Obama’s bond.
So if you’re currently looking for a Valentine’s Day gift for your boss that isn’t totally inappropriate, Simon and Schuster has you covered.
Read more Reliable Source: 

Intermission: Best of the bestBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 3 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Year-end lists are everywhere and will continue to dominate culture coverage until New Year’s. I’ve turned in one to the nice folks at HitFix , and I’ll be working on some year-end roundups. But I want to ask you: What one piece of culture, be it a TV episode, book, graphic novel or movie, stuck with you most this year? You don’t have to make the case for it being the best. But I’d like to know why it stayed with you.
Boston Red Sox batter Nomar Garciaparra, left, Cleveland Indians catcher Sandy Alomar and umpire Dale Scott in Game 1 of the AL Division Series on Sept. 29, 1998. (Amy Sancetta/Associated Press)
• “ Baseball’s First Openly Gay Major Leaguer Is an Umpire ,” by Russell Berman: The newest pioneer in the overwhelmingly heterosexual world of sports turns out not to be a player, but a man who enforces the rules of baseball, and who has been quietly out for quite some time.
“Scott’s coming-out announcement was nothing like those of Jason Collins or Michael Sam, who went to Sports Illustrated and The New York Times as part of their bids to become the first openly-gay players in the NBA and NFL, respectively,” Berman explains. “Scott didn’t initially make any public statement at all: He simply sent a photo of Rausch and himself to Referee magazine to accompany a profile that the small-circulation trade publication ran in October. As he explained to Outsports, Scott knew exactly what he was doing. ‘It could be picked up, but it’s not Time magazine,’ he told Jim Buzinski. ‘I made that decision to go ahead and do it because I felt it was the right thing to do.’”
• “ Who Owns ‘Star Wars’ ?” by Scott Tobias: “Star Wars” legally changed hands when Disney paid $4 billion for the franchise, but Tobias takes a look at the sense of ownership many people feel about the universe that has engaged them so deeply.
“We’re some distance from that particular reading of ‘Star Wars,’ and some distance from ‘Star Wars’ itself—37 years, two sequels, three prequels, one holiday special, and countless action figures, side projects, special editions, novels, websites, conventions, histories, theories, costumes, references, memes, and other such flotsam and jetsam,” Tobias writes. “In many ways, ‘Star Wars’ was the Big Bang that created its own pop-culture universe, and as much as Lucas has tried to preside over it, including godlike tinkering with its mythology and special effects, he can’t be everywhere at once, much less answer every prayer from the faithful. The release of the ‘Star Wars: The Force Awakens’ trailer last weekend made tangible the separation of the franchise from its creator; it’s one thing to read news of Disney buying Lucasfilm for $4 billion and imagine a Star Wars without George Lucas, but another to see someone else’s vision* (*= Big Fat Asterisk) on display.”
• “ Comedian Chespirito’s work wasn’t just laughs, it was also about class ,” by Carolina A. Miranda: This meditation on the work of Roberto Gómez Bolaños explains how his work filtered into language and provided a tough look at the struggles of middle-class families.
“I grew up watching ‘El Chapulin Colorado’ and Gómez’s other beloved children’s show, ‘El Chavo del Ocho’ (‘The Kid at No. Eight’), as reruns here in the U.S. on Spanish-language networks and on South American TV during visits with family in Chile and Peru. One Halloween, I dressed up as Chilindrina, El Chavo’s boisterous, pig-tailed sidekick. To this day, if something has spilled or some other disaster has unfurled, I turn to the words of El Chavo: ‘Se me chispoteó,’ roughly, ‘I messed up.’ It’s not just me. The saying is now part of the language.”

Koch brothers slam House GOP bill to extend tax breaksBy Lori Montgomery December 3 Follow @loriamontgomery
David Koch (AP Photo/The Wichita Eagle, Travis Heying)
The conservative Koch brothers issued an unusually harsh and public condemnation of a package of tax breaks hours before the measure was set for consideration on the House floor Tuesday, urging lawmakers to vote against the array of "corporate subsidies."
In a letter to lawmakers "on behalf of Koch Industries," Philip Ellender, president of government and public affairs at Koch Companies Public Sector, was especially critical of the Wind Production Tax Credit, which provides $9.5 billion a year in subsidies to producers of wind energy at the expense of traditional energy producers such as .... the Koch brothers.
"First enacted in 1992. the PTC's initial Intent was for the federal government to foster and support a nascent wind energy industry. But over time, like all subsidies and mandates, good intentions have led to harmful unintended consequences, turning a hand-up to an industry in its infäncy into a $23 dollar-per-megawatt-hour hand-out for big companies looking to pad their bottom-line," the letter says. "At a time when our nation is facing monumental economic challenges, this is the antithesis of the path we should be pursuing toward a simpler and less burdensome and wasteful tax code."
But it's not just the wind credit that's in the Kochs' crosshairs, the letter says. "We oppose ALL subsidies, whether existing or proposed, including programs that benefit us, which are principally those that are embedded in our economy, such as mandates."
Ellender concludes: "Koch will continue to lobby for the repeal of subsidies and mandates, as we work to make people's lives better. We believe history has proven that this is the best course to foster job creation, opportunity and prosperity."
While the Koch brothers and other conservative groups have long opposed the wind credit, Republican tax aides said this was the first time they could remember the Kochs launching such a public lobbying campaign.
Despite the Koch's enormous financial influence on Republican politics, a House GOP aides said they did not expect the letter to derail the measure scheduled for a vote late Tuesday afternoon. That bill would revive more than 50 expired tax breaks, including the wind credit, for the 2014 tax year and let them expire again on Dec. 31.
The measure would then go to the Senate, where Senate Finance Committee chairman Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) still has hope of crafting a longer-term bill that would preserve the breaks, worth roughly $45 billion to millions of companies and individuals, through the 2015 tax year.
Lori Montgomery covers U.S. economic policy and the federal budget, focusing on efforts to tame the national debt.

A blitz of tiny asteroids might have obliterated Earths early atmosphereBy Rachel Feltman December 3 Follow @rachelfeltman
A little space rock can go a long way. (NASA)
Our planet's early gasses may have been knocked out of whack by a bombardment of tens of thousands of small space rocks, according to a new study published in the journal Icarus .
The Earth's first atmosphere wasn't like the one we have today: It's actually been destroyed and recreated at least twice in the past 4 billion years. But what went down when the atmosphere got the boot? Some have theorized that a single, massive impact might have done the trick. But now MIT researchers say that a large number of small impacts are more likely to have pushed the atmosphere out into space.
According to their mathematical analysis, the force of a single impact would have to be huge to displace Earth's atmosphere. The space body hurling into it would have to be nearly as large as the planet itself. In this scenario, a planet about the size of Mars could push a shock wave through Earth's interior, which would cause something like massive earthquakes all over the planet at the same time. The planet's violent jiggling would transfer out toward the atmosphere, and could push those gases into space.
But by working in tandem, little rocks may have had a more efficient go of it.
Much smaller space debris would cause explosions when they hit Earth, releasing plumes of gas. In some cases, these rocks might cause enough disturbance to push away the atmosphere directly above their impact site.
According to the research team's mathematical analysis, a real flurry of these small impacts -- tens of thousands of them during a short period of time -- could have completely ejected the atmosphere. And it's likely that Earth saw that kind of bombardment at the time the moon was formed, when many space rocks were colliding to form moons and planets.
“For sure, we did have all these smaller impactors back then,” study author Hilke Schlichting, an assistant professor in MIT’s Department of Earth, Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences, said in a statement . “One small impact cannot get rid of most of the atmosphere, but collectively, they’re much more efficient than giant impacts, and could easily eject all the Earth’s atmosphere.”
And those tiny space rocks may have also solved another mystery: How the planet got its atmosphere back after losing it. Many of these rocks would have melted upon impact, releasing their own molecules back into the planet's atmosphere.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Hike in excise duty to fund welfare schemes: GovtHike in excise duty to fund welfare schemes: Govt
Small steps for government  giant leaps for tradeOther measures to enhance impartiality, non-discrimination and transparency
Disciplines on fees and charges imposed on or in connection import and export
Release and clearance of goods
Movement of goods under customs control intended for import
Formalities connected with import, export and transit
Freedom of transit
Customs cooperation
The current animated pace of meetings between government and industry suggests that the National Democratic Alliance is taking up from where the UPA left off with firmer purpose. It has set its sights on breaking into the top 50 ranks of the World Bank's Doing Business index, and this includes a firm commitment to reduce, by May 2015, the volume of documentation required for export.
Given this significant progress, does signing the TFA really matter? Trade economist Biswajit Dhar pointed out it has added a degree of compulsion to trade reform. "Till now, what we have done is mostly voluntary and autonomous, which meant we choose out own time to implement reforms. TFA is of a binding nature so it sets out a road map and means we have to be very functional in our approach." Banerjee of Deutsche Post DHL added, "At least it sets the bar on any temptation to go back on reforms so things cannot get worse."
For things to get significantly better, however, India has some way to go (see table) . "With falling trade barriers and tariffs, bringing down tariffs has become less important. But making it easier for people to export and import is important because it has the same effect as tariffs in terms of transaction costs," said Anwarul Hoda, professor at the Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations.
So reform could involve incremental but significant improvements to procedure. Hoda highlighted three flaws that point to the direction of change. For instance, under the risk assessment system customs officials still physically inspect about 10 per cent of consignments and sometimes as much as 30 per cent. This compares poorly with the norm of 3 per cent in China, Malaysia and Thailand to take comparable countries in the region.
Second, the government offers an Accredited Clients Programme, a fast-track clearance system for traders with good track records. The problem, however, is that the eligibility criteria are extremely tough and the environment is such that it is easy for traders to lose this status, making the ACP almost a non-starter.
Third, although the introduction of the Electronic Data Interchange has reduced the need for face-to-face contact with customs officials, traders complain that the incidence of intervention by officers demanding paper copies and signature endorsements is still high.
All these point to endemic corruption within the system. In this context, the agreement could also go some way towards encouraging the government to streamline India's customs duty structure that is, Rajagopalan pointed out, "littered with exemptions" and non-tariff barriers in terms of the differential treatment of goods under various schemes and bilateral treaties. These deficiencies mean that dependence on the intervention and discretion of customs officers remains high, adding to the general climate of malpractice. As a trade expert requesting anonymity observed, "Avarice is the biggest impediment to trade reform."
Further, the TFA addresses procedural bottlenecks in countries' trading regimes. But in India, infrastructural bottlenecks at ports and airports are equally serious and proof of this can be seen in various comparative indices. India ranks 46 on the World Bank's Logistic Performance Index to China's 26, and 88 in UNCTAD's Liner Shipping Connectivity Index to China's 1. Though these issues are outside the purview of the TFA they too add to transaction costs - one estimate suggests that a week's extra time taken at the border is roughly equal to a 10 per cent tariff.
The other major related problem is manpower, given the continuing high levels of discretionary intervention. "Customs is very hard-pressed," said Banerjee of Deutsche Post DHL. In the past 10 years trading volumes have risen 13 to 14 times whereas the number of customs officials dealing has increased only 15 to 20 per cent, he said.
All of which, everyone agrees, point to the advantages of India setting a stringent timetable to comply with all the provisions of the TFA as quickly as possible.

BMS denies favours fromgovtBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:19 am
Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh, the trade union affiliated to the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, denied that the BJP-led government did it an undue favour by extending facilities of a recognised union to its wing in the postal sector.
“The government has not given the postal wing of the BMS anything undue. There was an order by the DoPT issued in 2011 to extend certain facilities to it. Due to political reasons, the UPA government did not implement it,” said Virjesh Upadhyay, general secretary of BMS.
M Krishnan, secretary general of Confederation of Central Government Employees and Workers had earlier said just after the BJP government took over, IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad granted BMS’s Bharatiya Postal Employees Federation (BPEF) and its affiliated unions facilities meant for recognised unions despite them not being eligible.
Upadhyay said the organisation had approached Prasad as “an injustice (was) done to it.” He said: “We just wanted the government to implement an existing order, it was nothing new.”
To another allegation that the BMS’s decision to abstain had forced central trade unions to defer the November 24 strike against the coal ordinance, Upadhyay said the other trade unions had not “kept BMS in the loop” at the local level when they planned the strike. “There is nothing new in the coal ordinance issued on October 21. All these provisions were there already and other unions had refused to strike against the same in 2013,” Upadhyay said.

http://usat.ly/1yNsttIFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Report: Live TV viewing continues decline, Net use rises
TV viewers continue to watch less live broadcasts and more time-shifted or Net-delivered content, a new Nielsen report says.
Post to Facebook
Report: Live TV viewing continues decline, Net use rises TV viewers continue to watch less live broadcasts and more time-shifted or Net-delivered content, a new Nielsen report says. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CFfzDd
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Report: Live TV viewing continues decline, Net use rises
Mike Snider , USA TODAY 1:13 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
A graphic from Nielsen shows adult time spent doing media-related activities.
(Photo: Nielsen)
10 CONNECT 39 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
TV viewers continue to watch less live TV and more time-shifted or Net-delivered content, a new Nielsen report says.
The average American's daily time spent watching live TV decreased by 12 minutes to 4 hours and 32 minutes during the July-September time frame, compared to  Nielsen reports today  in The Total Audience Report . That continues a trend in which live daily viewing dropped six minutes from 2013 to 2012, the research found.
Time spent with smartphones consumed that time and more, increasing by 23 minutes, from 70 minutes daily last year to 93 minutes this year.
Live TV remained the most popular activity, with the average consumer watching 141 hours and 19 minutes a month, nearly six hours fewer than last year.
But consumers watched an additional hour and 8 minutes of time-shifted video a month — on average, 14 hours and 20 minutes — compared to last year, and watched four more hours of Internet-delivered video — on average, 10 hours and 42 minutes — than last year.
Also on the rise: time spent playing video game consoles and watching video or using apps on smartphones.
"The growing penetration of new devices and the popularity of subscription-based streaming services, time-shifted and over-the-top viewing — as well as cord-cutting and cord shaving — are fundamentally changing the TV industry," Dounia Turrill, Nielsen's senior vice president of Insights, said in the report.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CFfzDd
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Report: Sony Will Name North Korea As Source Of HackSony Pictures will announce that North Korea was the source of the company's recent hack , Re/code reports. The announcement could come "as soon as today."
A representative for Sony told The Hollywood Reporter's Matthew Belloni that Re/code's story is wrong, and that the company will not be making a statement on the attack:
A Sony rep tells me the studio will not be making a statement on the source of the hack. A contrary report out there is wrong, they say.
— Matthew Belloni (@THRMattBelloni) December 3, 2014
Sony did not immediately respond to The Huffington Post's request for comment.
Sony was hacked last week, and the following five unreleased films were posted online:  "Annie," "Still Alice," "Mr. Turner," "To Write Love On Her Arms" and "Fury."
There has been a bit of speculation about North Korea's involvement in the hack since it first occurred, as the country's government has been vocal about its objection to the upcoming Sony film "The Interview." The film, starring Seth Rogen and James Franco, involves a fictional CIA plot to assassinate North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un. Last June, North Korea's ambassador to the U.N., Ja Song Nam, wrote a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon saying that the movie was an "act of war."
This story has been updated to include additional details and clarify that the date of the announcement is still unclear, according to Re/code.
More:

Merger on mind  Janata Parivar parties to meettodayWritten by Santosh Singh | Patna |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:45 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 2:30 pm
Merger of the Janata Parivar parties on top of their agenda, senior JD(U) leaders Nitish Kumar and Sharad Yadav, RJD chief Lalu Prasad, JD(S) leader H D Deve Gowda, INLD leader Dushyant Chautala and Samajwadi Janata Party leader Kamal Morarka would meet at SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav’s residence in New Delhi on Thursday. This will be their second meeting to discuss the merger of their parties to unitedly fight the “resurgent” BJP.
Sources said Lalu, who initially wanted to buy more time for the merger, may have been convinced. Nitish, Mulayam, Deve Gowda and Morarka had already given their consent for the merger in the last meeting. It was only INLD and RJD that had suggested floating of a front first before these parties merge.
Mulayam is being tipped as president of the new party, with least chances of opposition on his name by any leader. Lalu, who once stalled Mulayam’s chances to become PM, has been in his favour. With Lalu’s youngest daughter Raj Lakshmi set to get married to Mulayam’s grand nephew and Mainpur MP Tej Pratap Yadav, the ties between the two leaders from UP and Bihar would only get stronger.
JD(U) Rajya Sabha MP and national spokesperson K C Tyagi told The Indian Express: “Merger is definitely on our meeting agenda. Let us see how all leaders respond to the big idea and how soon it takes formal shape. Talks have been on with Laluji and hopefully the meeting will have some good outcome.”
Asked about opposition to the merger idea from a section of the RJD and JD(U) leaders, Tyagi said top leaders of both parties would take the final call after considering all aspects. He, however, said the majority opinion was for merger to have common goal to fight BJP.
Earlier, RJD vice-president and former Union minister Raghuvansh Prasad Singh said there had been no common meeting ground between JD(U) and RJD after the Assembly bypoll campaigns. Even Nitish had to clarify that there would be no merger. “With lot of flip-flop on the merger idea, tomorrow’s meeting will be very important in context of Bihar with Assembly polls just a year away,” said a senior JD(U) leader.

What Modi could learn fromDengWritten by Minxin Pei |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:42 am
Even the most casual observer of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s hectic schedule will be impressed by the renewed vigour he has brought to India’s diplomacy. Since taking office at the end of May, Modi has paid state visits to five countries (Nepal, Japan, the US, Australia and Fiji) and attended four summits (BRICS  East Asia, G-20 and Saarc). While some may reasonably question whether Modi should be spending so much time jetting around the world while his bold economic reform plan needs his laser-like focus, the undeniable fact remains that Modi apparently is aware that India has much catching-up to do in competing with China for diplomatic influence in the Asia-Pacific.
By all accounts, China continues to enjoy a huge lead, despite its more recent setbacks in the region. Beijing began its diplomatic charm offensive in the late 1990s, taking advantage of the East Asian financial crisis and leveraging its growing economic muscle to strengthen trade links with its neighbours. Beijing’s efforts were generally considered clever and successful until 2010, when, for reasons that continue to puzzle China watchers, Chinese leaders opted for a far more confrontational regional diplomatic strategy, asserting territorial claims and taking unprecedented aggressive measures to intimidate neighbours (such as by declaring an air defence identification zone in the East China Sea).
Such muscle-flexing has boomeranged on Beijing. Most of its neighbours grew alarmed and, contrary to Beijing’s wishes, moved closer to Washington, which seized the opportunity to announce a “pivot” — the redeployment of US military capabilities and refocusing of American diplomatic attention to Asia.
Facing a concerted push-back by the US and its regional allies, China seems to be readjusting its Asian strategy. At the recent Apec summit, Chinese President Xi Jinping met Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, a hardline nationalist leader vilified by China for the last two years. Although the meeting was awkward, it likely signified the beginning of a process of repairing badly damaged Sino-Japanese ties.
What is even more noticeable is Xi’s own energetic diplomatic offensive in Asia. Like Modi, Xi has also been burning a prodigious amount of aviation fuel. Indeed, he happened to be in the same neighbourhood this month as Modi — the south Pacific.
Judging by the trade and investment deals struck by Xi during his visit to Fiji and Australia two countries (China signed a free trade agreement with the latter), one may get the impression that it will be really difficult, if not impossible, for India to match Chinese influence in the region.
While this assessment is certainly true for the short term, it overlooks India’s enduring long-term advantages in raising its diplomatic profile in Asia. The most important and obvious factor in New Delhi’s favour is its strategic role as a regional counterweight to China and its good relations with nearly every country (except Pakistan). To be sure, most continued…

Assets complaint: ACB to seek state govt nod to investigateBhujbalWritten by Shalini Nair | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:26 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 12:32 am
THE Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) will on Thursday seek the state government’s approval to launch an open inquiry against senior NCP leader and former minister Chhagan Bhujbal in a complaint regarding alleged disproportionate assets worth Rs 2,653 crore owned by his family.
Additional Chief Secretary Amitabh Rajan confirmed that his department has received a letter from the ACB on the case. “We got the letter from the ACB a few days ago detailing allegations of disproportionate assets against Bhujbal. The ACB will on Thursday send us their formal proposal to which we will give our departmental sanction within 10 days,” Rajan told The Indian Express.
The ACB’s case is based on a recent complaint filed by Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Anjali Damania in which she alleged that Bhujbal, his son MLA Pankaj Bhujbal and nephew Sameer Bhujbal had misused their political office to amass disproportionate assets. Damania has detailed a list of assets allegedly belonging to the family whose total value adds up to Rs 2,520 crore. Her letter alleged that the family owned an additional Rs 133 crore of assets whose sources of income cannot be ascertained. She also alleged that the family has created over 20 companies to legitimise ill-gotten wealth.
Damania, who had filed the complaint with the ACB on November 20, said, “We have provided details of the family-owned coal mines in Indonesia, vineries in Nashik, sugar mills, the many construction and infrastructure firms, bungalows, land and offices. These are based on the affidavits filed by them during elections as also other documentary evidence available with us.” She filed a second complaint with the ACB on December 2, stating that she was now being coerced into withdrawing her complaint.
Bhujbal rubbished the charges. “All the allegations are false and I am least bothered about what she has to say,” he told The Indian Express.
Vishwas Nangre Patil, additional commissioner of police, said, “Damania approached us more than 10 days ago and we will combine this complaint with the previous case pending against Bhujbal. We have not filed an FIR in the matter as we need to first seek permission from the state home ministry for an open inquiry as Bhujbal is a public servant.”
 

Garden City needs a recycling parkUpdated: December 4, 2014 00:55 IST
Garden City needs a recycling park
K. V. Aditya Bharadwaj
environmental issues
Nearly 60 per cent of dry waste is sent out of the State to be recycled and processed
For all the initiatives that BBMP boasts of, a study conducted on extracting value from the city's waste has found that nearly 60 per cent of dry waste is sent out of the State to be recycled and processed because the city lacks adequate technology to do the needful.
For instance, the city has no technology to recycle metal waste. Most of the metal waste, which includes iron, tin, copper wire, bronze and aluminium, is sent to Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Delhi for processing. The city does not even recycle its newspaper waste, which is sold to recyclers in Tirunelveli, Coimbatore and Palani in Tamil Nadu.
The study was conducted by Social Venture Partners, Bengaluru, a group partnering with BBMP in dry waste processing. It has pointed out that lack of recycling facilities means loss of revenue. It has proposed a recycling park in the city with state-of-the-art recycling technology. It recommends setting up an exclusive recycling yard on the outskirts on the lines of a Special Economic Zone (SEZ).
BBMP Commissioner M Lakshminarayan said that such a yard is the need of the hour and that the civic body is willing to support the project.
Sources said BBMP is looking for a public-private-partnership (PPP) model. The civic body wants a private player to invest in the technology while BBMP is willing to provide land and other assistance.

http://usat.ly/1w27J3sTightrope: Stress-busting 101 for the holidays
Make these tips part of your entrepreneurial stress-busting repertoire
Post to Facebook
Tightrope: Stress-busting 101 for the holidays Make these tips part of your entrepreneurial stress-busting repertoire Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zPN7IK
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Tightrope: Stress-busting 101 for the holidays
Gladys Edmunds, for USA TODAY 8:10 a.m. EST December 3, 2014
Make these tips part of your entrepreneurial stress-busting repertoire.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
1 CONNECT 21 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
While having lunch with a long time friend and the owner of a floral shop we talked about the ups and downs of this time of the year. Her company sells plants and flowers but also does holiday decorating for both homes and businesses.  I said that this is my favorite time of the year; the bright lights, decorations, Christmas music, delicious foods and great parties.  I was going on and on about the wonders of the holiday season.
She listened intently and finally said that she appreciated my enthusiasm for the holidays. But her view was different.  She said that this is the time of year that sends her stress level over the top.  She talked about pushy, demanding and sometimes rude customers that she and many other retailers have to deal with.
I understand the many difficulties in dealing with tough customers.  But I also know that the purpose of a business is huge. We have to become a profitable contributor to society and the economy by employing people and on top of that make a living for ourselves. And the only way that this can happen is with customers.
In a nutshell, the customer is at the root of our business success. And we must be able to maintain our balance while dealing with customers.  I shared a few suggestions with my firend that we could all use to help keep it together during this busy time and beyond.
Pay attention to how you think. If we are not careful, this is an area that can get us in trouble.  I can remember my grandmother making a negative comment about one of the neighbors.  My grandfather told her not hold negative thoughts about the neighbor because soon she would be voicing her thoughts and the next thing to come is that she would begin to act out her thoughts, and in no time the neighbor would know how she felt.
So when you catch yourself thinking poorly of your customers try to find something in that person's behavior that can reverse your thought.  After all, we have no way of knowing what has happened in a person's life to make them misbehave.
Have a support system. Make certain you have a friend or two that you can call to help you escape the madness for a couple of hours.  Sometimes just a lunch break with fun friends or an after work beverage.  I have a friend who texts or emails funny jokes to me that puts a funny and positive spin on the busiest days.
Find a way to bring in balance. A healthy balance of mind, body and emotions is helpful and allows you to deal with stressful times better. Take out a few minutes a couple of times a day to do deep breathing or meditating or just power down and spend a little time in being quiet.
Exercise. Continue or establish an exercise routine.  I have found that when physical exercise is added to your daily routine it becomes a great stress buster.  I have heard many entrepreneurs say that they don't have time to exercise. During this time of the year we can't afford not to employ every technique possible to avoid stress.  If you can't go to the gym take a walk around the block.  I promise you it will make a difference.
Take a minute and review these few ideas to make sure that they are a part of your entrepreneurial stress-busting repertoire and give thanks and be grateful for the customers who are shopping in your business.  We can't survive in business without them!
Gladys Edmunds, founder of Edmunds Travel Consultants in Pittsburgh, is an author and coach/consultant in business development. Her column appears Wednesdays. E-mail her at gladys@gladysedmunds.com . An archive of her columns is here . Her website is gladysedmunds.com .
1 CONNECT 21 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zPN7IK

http://usat.ly/1CFQ1pwCadillac: Good cars, bad sales; what's the fix?
James R. Healey , USA TODAY 5:21 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
The CTS a full remake for 2014, was intended to match the BMW 5-series and its ilk. 
(Photo: GM)
CTS doesn't offer much rear leg room becuase, Cadillac says, that's unimportant to buyers in it's segment. 
(Photo: GM)
Crisp edges on headlights, taillights help distinbuish the Cadillac CTS midsize sedan. 
(Photo: GM)
The interior’s classy enough for almost anybody’s discriminating taste, boasting real wood or aluminum or carbon fiber trim (for as much as $1,140 extra, depending on which you want). 
(Photo: GM)
Cadillac’s full remake of the CTS midsize, four-door is a pleasant to drive. 
(Photo: GM)
The 2013 Cadillac ATS was supposed to open the door to new, younger U.S. buyers. Started fast, but sales now are slumping. 
(Photo: GM, Wieck)
Cadillac's new-to-the line ATS small car zips around a race track, where it's very much at home.  Sales haven't met expectations. 
(Photo: GM, Wieck)
The Cadillac ATS-V sedan arrives track-capable from the factory in spring 2015. Power is from a twin-turbocharged V-6 engine rated 455 hp, good for a track top speed of more than 185 mph. Should help the brand's image, execs say. 
(Photo: JBL)
The XTS replaced the traditional DTS big sedan in the Cadillac lineup and hasn't met sales forecasts. 
(Photo: GM, Wieck)
XTS was supposed to hold onto traditional Cadillac buyers while attracting new ones. Hasn't done enough of either to hit the sales forecasts. 
(Photo: Cadillac)
Fullscreen
Now-disctontinued Cadillac DTS, which replaced the Deville, was the industray's most dependable car in 2010, accordiing to a J.D. Power and Associates survey. A 2010 DTS Platinum. is shown. Today's XTS was supposed to retain DTS owners while attracting new ones, but hasn't done as well as the brand forecast. 
(Photo: GM, Wieck)
Seems quaint now, but the big Cadillac DTS sported quad exhaust pipes, very stylish at the time for a big Detroit sedan.  A 2010 DTS Premium is shown. 
(Photo: GM, Wieck)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
Cadillac President Johan de Nysschen unveils the 2016 ATS-V sedan, right, and coupe at the Los Angeles Auto Show Wednesday, Nov. 19, 2014, in Los Angeles.
(Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP)
63 CONNECT 22 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Cadillac's fresh car line is considered high-class, high-quality, high-performance. But sales of the new-design sedans is definitely a low-performance matter.
In fact, the November sales report shows that General Motors' Cadillac cars in the U.S. drove off a cliff.
Within two days of the November sales tally, Cadillac fired its ad agency, Detroit-based Lowe Campbell Ewald, and hired Publicis Worldwide, headquartered in Paris with offices in New York. Cadillac said Publicis has "undisputed expertise in luxury-brand building" and "will further our progress globally."
Cadillac's XTS, a big sedan that was supposed to edge the brand closer to its German rivals, withered 50.3% in November.  ATS, small, entry sedan intended to match the BMW 3-series, was off 33.7%.
And the newest car model, the recently redesigned CTS midsize, was down 7.5%.
Even booming SUV sales at Cadillac, as it follows the overall industry trend back to SUVs, haven't been able to compensate for the decline in Cadillac's car sales. Latest data from GM and Cars.com show that the big, truck-based Escalade SUV had sales up 75% in November and is taking just 14 days to sell after it arrives at the dealership. Among the slowest sellers: A coupe version of the ATS takes 132 days. It's sales were down
Only the Jaguar XK coupe and Audi TTS coupe take longer to find buyers.  Both are being discontinued -- the Jag because it doesn' fit the brand's lineup and the Audi because a new version is replacing it.
Part of the reason for Cadillac's slow car sales is obvious. The new car models carry higher prices.
The 2014 CTS midsize sedan, for example starts at about $46,000, vs. about $40,000 for the car it replaces.
"You're putting the brand at a different price point than the traditional Cadillac customers are used to," says Cadillac's new president, Johan de Nysschen, who took the job July 1 -- the brand's third boss in two years.
A new group of buyers that Cadillac has targeted -- the BMW and Audi types --  "can afford it, but don't have it on their priority lists," he says.
The ATS small sedan, aimed at the younger, wealthier buyers Cadillac is courting, had a brisk launch in 2012, but ATS sales began to stumble the second half last year and haven't rebounded.
"They increased the price and had high (sales) volume expectations. You can't do that unless you're a brand with the right reputation," says Michelle Krebs, AutoTrader.com senior industry analyst.
Such as, for example, rival BMW and Audi.
The new-design Cadillac cars are "certainly excellent cars, but he (de Nysschen) has to get people to notice," says Mark Reuss, General Motors executive vice president in charge of global product development.
De Nysschen has several arrows in his quiver:
•He's moving a team of marketers to the SoHo area of Manhattan to "eat, drink, sleep, live premium" and absorb "the trends and attitudes and openness  shaped" on the U.S. coasts. He says that should make it intuitive to market the brand in way that appeal to the buyers it wants, rather than trying to recycle Cadillac traditionalists.
About 30 people will move from Detroit next spring, another 100 will be hired locally and eventually 275 to 300 people will be in the NYC office, he said.
•He'll use a big new Cadillac sedan, called CT6 and coming soon, as a stepping stone rather than a destination. "We will put Cadillac in the segment of $100,000" models, he said. That means even more premium models that'd top the CT6 and aim to show that Cadillac is a serious prestige player.
•He'll report Cadillac profits and losses separately from parent General Motors, as a statement of independence from the large, bureaucratic automaker. It will also allow the brand more freedom to allocate its resources as it sees fit.
The inability to keep up an accelerated sale pace as the "new" wears off the latest models is especially frustrating to Reuss. He was heavily involved in the creation of the ATS, the Cadillac brand's small four-door, meant to rival the BMW 3-series.
Reuss, head of global product development now and head of U.S. product development at the time, demanded an entirely new chassis, purpose-built for the ATS, using the latest thinking on lightweight materials and top-notch handling. Nothing off the shelf, in use by other GM products, he insisted.
Even that will change soon. The next-generation Chevrolet Camaro will migrate onto a version of the ATS chassis next year.
The oldest of the current lineup -- more a hint of the new Cadillac than a defining model -- is the front-drive XTS, which went on sale in June 2012 as a 2013 model. At the time it was introduced, Cadillac forecast 40,000 sales annually.
Instead, it hit about 33,000 in 2013, its first full year, and now is running at an annual pace of about 25,000. The rival Audi A6 is on target to hit about 22,000 -- but it's growing as XTS slides.
XTS replaced the old-school DTS in the lineup as the big Caddy. It was supposed to keep traditional DTS buyers and draw younger new buyers. It hasn't attracted enough of either.
Newest of the new is the overhauled CTS midsize sedan. It's been on sale just since October, but isn't outselling the older version it replaced.
Cadillac's ELR, an extended-range electric based on the GM's Chevrolet Volt, went on sale earlier this year with edgy ads, a sexy silhouette, and not many takers -- 200 sales would be a good month.
Cadillac's cars, in addition to other factors, are battling a trend.
"In a world fixated on SUVs it's easy for superb luxury cars like Cadillac's ATS to get lost," says Karl Brauer, senior analyst at Kelley Blue Book's KBB.com:

Google Buys 12 Acres in Los AngelesIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

One FedEx package s journey to CNBCone fedex package s journey to cnbc
Ben Carson on his 2016 moves: No question were putting together an infrastructureBy Colby Itkowitz December 3 Follow @colbyitkowitz
In this March 8 2014 file photo, Dr. Ben Carson, professor emeritus at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, speaks in National Harbor, Md. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
Republican Ben Carson called being the president of the United States a "horrible, stressful situation" he never wanted for himself, but said he was in the process of assembling a 2016 campaign team anyway.
"No question we're putting together an infrastructure, but that's a byproduct of who I am ... always prepared," Carson told CNN's Wolf Blitzer Wednesday.
Carson said again that he would make his decision before May 1 whether to seek the GOP nomination, amid reports he is actively interviewing candidates this week to staff a potential White House bid.
A CNN/ORC poll on GOP presidential contenders released Tuesday showed Carson with support from 10 percent of Republican voters, second behind Mitt Romney's 20 percent.
Carson sidestepped questions about controversial comments he'd made comparing America to Nazi Germany and saying Obamacare was the worst thing to happen to the country since slavery. The focus on those comments, he said, missed his broader point that Americans don't feel free.
"I think [Obama] is a man who some people say is stupid, inexperienced and doesn't know what he is doing," Carson said. But Carson said he disagreed, and believes Obama knows exactly what he's doing: pushing "an agenda very different from that of many Americans."
Earlier in the interview, Carson weighed in on the situation in Ferguson. Asked about Obama's handling of it, Carson said, “I probably, had I been him, would not have gotten involved in the first place."
Colby Itkowitz is a national reporter for In The Loop.

VA whistleblowers honoredFederal employee whistleblowers, too often an harassed segment of the workforce, were praised Wednesday by the agency responsible for protecting them.
The Department of Veterans Affairs hospital in Nashville, Tenn.  (George Walker IV/The Tennessean via AP)
The Office of Special Counsel (OSC) honored three Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) whistleblowers Wednesday, all physicians who had key roles in uncovering major issues at VA facilities.
Because they and other whistleblowers came forward, problems such as the cover-up of long wait times for veterans seeking medical care were exposed.  The wait-time scandal led to the resignation of the VA secretary and legislation providing the department with additional resources to meet patient needs.
The whistleblowers honored with OSC’s Public Servant of the Year Award were:
Katherine Mitchell, who “disclosed critical understaffing and inadequate triage training in the Phoenix VA medical center’s emergency room,” according to an OSC statement.
Phyllis Hollenbeck, who “blew the whistle on chronic understaffing at the Jackson (Miss.) VA medical center [and] problems with the supervision of nurse practitioners.”
Charles Sherwood, who “brought forward concerns [about] improper practices in the Jackson VA medical center’s radiology department.”
Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner said the three honorees “turned the public spotlight on serious threats to patient health and safety at the Phoenix and Jackson, Mississippi VA Medical Centers. Because of their efforts, veterans are now far more likely to receive the treatment they deserve.”
“They are part of a much larger group of whistleblowers,” she added, “who have contributed to much-needed reforms at the Veterans Health Administration.”
Joe Davidson writes the Federal Diary, a column about the federal workplace that celebrated its 80th birthday in November 2012.

Mike Green traveling  but will miss fourth straightBy Alex Prewitt December 3 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
Injured defenseman Mike Green will travel with the Washington Capitals on their short road trip to Carolina and New Jersey, but will miss his fifth straight game with an upper-body issue, Coach Barry Trotz said Wednesday.
Green had hoped to resume workouts with the Capitals by then, he said Tuesday while watching practice in street clothes, but instead skated alone Wednesday morning, hours before the Capitals flew to Raleigh, N.C., to face the Hurricanes. Green suffered the injury in a Nov. 22 loss to the Buffalo Sabres  during the first period, he said, and tried to play during the second period before missing the third.
Trotz shared hope Green could skate with the Capitals on Thursday morning at PNC Arena and play Saturday against the Devils in Newark, N.J.
“Mike will be making the trip,” Trotz said. “He didn’t skate today with us. Hopefully tomorrow. Sounds like he’ll jump in the group for a little bit and go from there. He won’t play tomorrow for sure, but maybe later in the week.”
Forward Liam O’Brien, who has played just once since Nov. 11 after battling a lower-body issue and later getting scratched, will also make the trip, despite hints from Trotz that a reassignment to Hershey may soon come.
The 20-year-old forward, signed during training camp as an undrafted free agent, is exempt from clearing waivers to report to the American Hockey League, so with the Capitals already carrying 13 healthy forwards besides him, Trotz wanted O’Brien to receive work rather than watch from the press box on a nightly basis.
“He’s coming on the trip,” Trotz said. “But as I say, we’ll determine. If I’m not getting him enough ice time in games and stuff, then we’ll make that determination. He keeps working at his game. You can see, I watch him, he’s not playing but he actually looks like a different player than he was at development camp. But we’re going to lose his game skills, so we’re going to have to get him in some games here or make that decision.”
The lines at Wednesday’s pre-flight practice looked exactly the same as they did during Tuesday’s 4-3 home loss to Vancouver :
Forwards
Alex Ovechkin–Nicklas Backstrom–Tom Wilson
Marcus Johansson–Evgeny Kuznetsov–Troy Brouwer
Brooks Laich–Eric Fehr–Joel Ward
Jason Chimera–Andre Burakovsky–Jay Beagle
Defensemen
Karl Alzner–Matt Niskanen
Nate Schmidt–Jack Hillen

US drone strike kills 25 Taliban militants in AfghanistanUS drone strike kills 25 Taliban militants in Afghanistan
Google launches new application for SMBsGoogle launches new application for SMBs
SAIL disinvestment on Nov 5  govt to get Rs 1 700 crHi Guest
SAIL disinvestment on Nov 5, govt to get Rs 1,700 cr
Kicking off its disinvestment drive, the government will sell 5 per cent of its stake in steel major SAIL on Friday, which could fetch Rs 1,700 crore (Rs 17 billion) to the exchequer. The government will decide on the floor price for the issue on Thursday, SAIL said in a regulatory filing. The sale of 5 per cent stake or about 20.65 crore shares of Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) at the current market price of around Rs 85.65 apiece would fetch the exchequer over Rs 1,700 crore. Shares of ...

United Cycles looking at four-fold revenue growthUnited Cycles looking at four-fold revenue growth
Japanese firm to buy 74% stake in Hyderabad ChemicalsJapanese firm to buy 74% stake in Hyderabad Chemicals
Opposition insists on minister s removal over abusive remark (Roundup)Opposition insists on minister s removal over abusive remark (Roundup)
Do you see light at the end of tunnel  why your buy calls are fail...Gold Member
65 Followers
Dear friend, you have figured him out correctly. There are more than a dozen people who are positive in this counter and mislead the poor investors. Any one can say their views only. No one can vouch on behalf this fraud company. I can say this much only.
In reply to : noname2002 message
10.05 AM Dec 4th

Opportunity cost is "the loss of potential gain from other alternative...Gold Member
14 Followers
`Opportunity cost` is not a theoretical jargon, its a time-tested established concept in investment analysis (not just stock market investment).
Anyway, we will come to that later. Let me address the two points you made:
1. 4 cr I have obtained can become 1 or 2 in next 2 years - whats the scenario in which that will happen ? A full blown recession. And how would Spicejet fare in a full blown recession ?
2. Spicejet can go up 2,4,8,10 or even more from here - some facts : Current Macap : 1144 Cr, Rev : 6000 Cr. Now assuming Spicejet is able to post profits in FY17 (Optimistic case), my numbers are
9000 Cr revenue and 300 Cr profits( at 3% Net Margin which is what has been the highest profit posted by SJ till date - Fy11).
At 300 Cr profit, assuming market gives a trailing P/E multiple of 12 (Again optimistic), valuation comes to 3600 Cr which is a 100% CAGR from today`s price. Sounds good, right ? Here is the catch.
To even wipe out the negative networth, SJ needs a fund infusion of 1500 Cr into the company. Assuming this comes at a 30% stake sale, adjusted for equity dilution the MCap at 300 Cr suddenly becomes
2600 Cr. That implies a 50% CAGR from today. Taking the EPS route, SJ today has 58 cr shares outstanding. 30% dilution means issue of 25 Cr new shares. So total EPS of 300 Cr on a equity base of
83 cr comes to 3.6. A multiple of 12 times takes the stock price to 43.2 which is 50% CAGR. Please note that I am calculating basis P/E multiple only for ease of use. For a capital heavy business such
as this, a better metric would be to use EV/EBITDA in which case the multiples will be much lower.
For SJ to go up 4 times from here means a target price of 76, translating into profits of 525 Cr (P/E of 12, EPS of 6.33, equity base of 83 cr shares) . How much time do you think is needed for SJ to post that type of a PAT number ? How much capacity expansion is needed to achieve revenues that can enable SJ to post that kind of profit ? Will more equity dilution be needed ? Would that depress equity returns further ?
Now what are the risks being faced today : 1. No details on stake sale - quantum of funds, extent of dilution. 2. Hypercompetitive business, no significant pricing power. 3. Future direction of Oil prices.
4. To increase market share, capacity needs to be added - funds for capacity expansion will be through equity/debt ? Debt will reduce profitability, equity will dilute returns.
What is the opportunity today : 1. Hugely untapped market (domestic and international). 2. Regulatory and tax regime may become easier.
However, both the opportunities will apply equally to all players. In fact, an easier business environment will attract more players putting more pressure on pricing, which will in turn affect profitability.
The above is just a snapshot of pros and cons of investing in Spicejet today.
My only submission is that given the uncertainties, both on standalone business as well industry as whole, the risk reward equation for SJ is not favourable compared to other avenues in the market.
I am being practical and looking at the opportunity, but this isnt the only opportunity in the market. Yes, investing is about Conviction but the conviction has to be developed basis facts, numbers and judgement. Conviction without underlying support is shooting in the dark. In my opinion, sure SJ may seem short term bounces if and when the fund infusion happens, but there isnt enough conviction to invest for the long term. There are other opportunities which offer similar, if not higher risk adjusted returns. I am very particular about my Opportunity cost you see :).
To each his own !!

I see lot of bearish calls on the board and to be fair   everyone is e...Platinum Member
55 Followers
I see lot of bearish calls on the board and to be fair , everyone is entitled to their views but it would be better if they substantiate it with good reason/logic rather than just give fancy targets be it on the upside or downside..Whether anyone agrees or not, the fact is that whenever Infosys has issues bonus shares, the stock has given good returns both short term as well as long term..People were just cribbing as to what does bonus really do..You can see for the last 2 days that the volumes have picked up to 3 million   and the delivery is over 70%..Whenever an adjustment of share price happens , be it split/bonus the stock generally goes into a choppy mode and thats what exactly happened with Infosys as it lose close to 3% yesterday and recovered well today to close flat..Although some of the guys might be selling stock to book losses for their tax management, its very premature to do it right now as you have the results due in a month and financial year ending is 4 months away from atleast India perspective..Even if you want to book losses why would you want it to do now as there is quite a good chance for the stock to reach new 52 week high as we get into the earnings season soon..Everybody is going gung ho about banks and financials...No doubt that they will be giving huge returns whenever the growth starts to pickup which wont happen until March/April (expect a rate cut to happen)..Infosys has been a laggard in the IT sector for the past few years and we saw initial signs of that coming to an end as the company tries to script its own charter under the new CEO Vishal Sikka..Yes, the stock has run up a lot in the past few months but that isn`t good reason for you to sell the stock...Very important to note is that despite this run up the company is fairly valued and in no wildest imagination overpriced..I see the stock go up to 2400(13% upside) on/before Q3 results day
12.46 AM Dec 4th  | Track

Just see its run to 260....wait and watch.....in this week onlyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

7 Great Tech Stocking StuffersIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Oil takes breather in AsiantradeSugar prices under pressure over Brazilian dumping
Crude prices fell in Asia today but losses were curbed as dealers took a breather after days of sharp sell-offs following OPEC’s decision to hold output levels despite global oversupply.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for January delivery was down 66 cents to USD 68.34 while Brent crude for January was down 61 cents to USD 71.93 in mid-morning trade.
Research house Capital Economics said “a degree of calm was returning to the markets” after a free-fall that saw both contracts plunge to five-year lows.
Daniel Ang, investment analyst at Phillip Futures in Singapore, said “prices remain volatile as the market adjusts after last week’s 10 per cent drop”.
WTI yesterday closed USD 2.85 up from Friday’s settle price, after initially sinking as low as USD 63.72, a level last seen in July 2009. In London, Brent gained USD 2.39 after earlier falling to an October 2009 low of USD 67.53.
Crude prices have tumbled since the 12-nation Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries on Thursday said it would to keep its collective output ceiling at 30 million barrels per day, where it has stood for three years.
OPEC’s powerful Gulf members, led by kingpin Saudi Arabia, resisted the calls for a cut from poorer members, including Venezuela and Ecuador, unless they are guaranteed market share, particularly in the United States where rising production of shale oil has contributed to the global glut.
“The frenetic activity at the end of last week — notably the apparent free-fall in oil prices — was almost certainly exaggerated by the thin trading conditions due to the extended US holidays,” Capital Economics said, referring to the Thanksgiving Holiday last week.
TAGS: Oil Prices
More from commodities
‘Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT William D Dar, director general of International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (Icrisat) which has its global headquarters in Hyderabad, has transformed the organisation into one of the best international agricultural research for development (AR4D) centres in terms of innovative and inclusive research programmes for better financial health and stability. In an interaction […]

Gold price dips after overnight surge  but holds above$1 200Sugar prices under pressure over Brazilian dumping
Gold slipped on Tuesday on worries a strong dollar and volatile oil markets could undermine an overnight rally that lifted the yellow metal sharply away from four-and-a-half-year lows.
Spot gold traded in a $80 range on Monday, first falling to $1,142.91 an ounce after Switzerland voted against a proposal to boost its gold reserves, and then rallying to $1,220.99 as oil prices recovered. “The market was overtly short but then the move higher also looks overdone,” said a precious metals trader in Hong Kong. The dollar outlook continues to be strong and oil prices could fall again, both hurting gold, the trader noted.
“I think gold is going to carry on being volatile for the rest of the year.”
Spot gold had dipped 0.5 percent to $1,204.49 an ounce by 0339 GMT, after gaining nearly 4 percent on Monday, its biggest one-day jump since September 2013.
U.S. gold futures fell 1 percent on Tuesday, while silver futures also gave back some gains after sharp moves higher in the previous session. Platinum and palladium were lower as well after choppy trade on Monday.
Bullion has fallen along with oil in recent sessions on expectations that weaker oil prices could mean less inflationary pressures. Gold is seen as a hedge against rising prices.
But crude oil jumped as much as 5 percent on Monday, rebounding from five-year lows with their biggest daily gain since 2012, boosting gold. It fell again on Tuesday.
Gold’s outlook will depend in the near term on the dollar and oil direction, according to an HSBC research note.
“The rally may have further to go near term but shorts exiting the market will provide only near term strength. The dollar still appears to be the favoured currency and may provide greater headwinds for gold going forward,” HSBC analysts said.
Physical demand from Asian buyers would also have to be strong for the rally to sustain.
In top consumer China, local prices were trading at a premium of less than $1 an ounce on Tuesday, lower than Monday’s $1-$2. Prices even slipped to a discount early on Monday, hinting at sluggish demand. India, the second biggest consumer, eased import curbs last week in a surprise move but trade sources said that overseas purchases may not be quick to emerge to due to adequate stocks in the country.
TAGS: Gold Price
More from commodities
‘Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT William D Dar, director general of International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (Icrisat) which has its global headquarters in Hyderabad, has transformed the organisation into one of the best international agricultural research for development (AR4D) centres in terms of innovative and inclusive research programmes for better financial health and stability. In an interaction […]

BSE Sensex falls after RBI keeps policy rateunchangedDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
After falling over 173 points in the early trade, the BSE Sensex today moved briefly into the positive terrain even as the RBI kept the key interest rate unchanged, but was again trading lower at noon.
The Sensex, which shed 173.16 points in early trade, bounced back to trade 16.77 points, or 0.05 per cent, higher at 28,576.39 at 1130 hours after the Reserve Bank announced its fifth bi-monthly policy review.
The gains in capital goods, metal, power, healthcare and banking stocks, had helped the key indices to trade in positive zone for a while.
However, the Sensex was trading in the red again at 28,411.62, 148 points or 0.52 per cent at noon.
Similarly, the wide-based National Stock Exchange index Nifty was trading at 8,518.20, down 0.44 per cent.
Brokers said the RBI decision to keep key interest rate unchanged was largely in line with investor expectations but its hint about lowering it early next year had improved the sentiment to some extent.
RBI left the short-term lending rate or repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent, and the cash reserve ratio static at 4 per cent. The statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) has also been retained at 22 per cent.
RBI also retained the growth projection for the current fiscal at 5.5 per cent.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Reserve Bank Of India
More from indianmarkets

EU rulers back the tortoise not the hareDecember 2, 2014 5:41 pm
The euro’s feckless rulers back the tortoise against the hare
Bill Emmott
The prevailing policy of muddle-through-while-slimming down has risks, writes Bill Emmott
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f85ad870-7a21-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The rise of Boko Haram in NigeriaThe rise of Boko Haram in Nigeria Dec 02, 2014 - 7:19 pm
Nigerian Islamist extremists have carried out a series of increasingly bold attacks against towns and villages in the north east of the country, which the government security forces have seemed powerless to prevent.  Fiona Symon talked to William Wallis in Lagos about the seemingly unstoppable rise of Boko Haram

Ebola: The economic damage is mountingSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

US woos Chinese via social media and frittersSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Two cheers for the sharp falls in oil pricesTwo cheers for the sharp falls in oil prices
Martin Wolf
Abundant supply threatens to make economies more carbon intensive and less energy efficient
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/18a2df62-7949-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

President Xis fortunes also at stake in HK© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a08313b8-7a14-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Privacy Is Overratedreddit
I am all in favor of privacy. As Americans, each of us has the right to our private lives.
We want privacy because we fear how others will use our private information against us. We fear discovery at work of our chronic illness might impede our chances for promotion. We fear friends might judge us if they knew we were struggling financially.
Privacy is important, but when facing a challenging situation, we also want a safe and supportive environment where we can talk openly and be vulnerable. When we can be vulnerable in a safe space, we forge our closest relationships. A safe, supportive environment allows us to learn about ourselves. Why? Because we self-discover as we self-disclose, and we won't self-disclose if we are fearful the listener will use the information against us.
When we face a crisis or a big opportunity, we all want the chance to talk it over with someone who will listen without judgment, with compassion, and whose advice will be focused on what is best for us. Those trusting relationships are built step by step, little by little, over time.
How many trusting caring relationships do you have? When the next crisis comes, will you have the chance to talk it over with a trusted caring friend, or will you have to keep it private and figure it out on your own?
David Geller is the author of Wealth & Happiness: Using Your Wealth to Create a Better Life . He is the CEO of Atlanta-based GV Financial Advisors and is available for professional speaking engagements.
Follow David Geller on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GVFinancial
More:

How QE can jam the financial plumbingDecember 3, 2014 5:13 am
How QE can jam the financial plumbing
By Manmohan Singh
Central bank asset purchases absorb ‘good’ collateral like Treasury bonds
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d40c5cc4-4e29-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Australia bids farewell to Phillip HughesUpdated: December 3, 2014 13:14 IST
Australia bids farewell to Phillip Hughes
Reuters
Tweet
Reuters
Pallbearers for Australian cricketer Phil Hughes (3rd L-R) his father Gregory Hughes, cricketer Aaron Finch, local friend Corey Ireland and cricketer Tom Cooper carry his coffin out of a funeral in his home town of Macksville on Wednesday.
AP
Mourners gather for a memorial service at the Sydney Cricket Ground and look at some of the 63 bats with inscriptions detailing the career of Phillip Hughes on Wednesday.
Reuters
Tribute to deceased Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes as his hometown prepares for his funeral in Macksville
SLIDESHOW
cricket
Australia bid an emotional farewell to cricketer Phillip Hughes at a funeral in his hometown on Wednesday with a live coast-to-coast broadcast allowing a nation to unite in celebration and remembrance of the life of a sportsman cut down in his prime.
Eight days after Hughes was struck by a ball to the back of the head, and six after he died of catastrophic injuries resulting from the freak incident, his family, friends and a host of cricketing greats gathered at Macksville High School.
From the eulogies given they learned of a beloved son, brother, cousin and friend whose passion for cricket was matched only by his enthusiasm for the Angus cattle he helped raise on the family farm.
Australia captain Michael Clarke broke down in tears for the second time in a few days as he paid public tribute to his former team mate and friend, who would have been 26 last Sunday.
"Phillip's spirit, which is now part of our game forever, will act as a custodian of the sport we all love. We must listen to it," he said, struggling to contain his emotions.
"We must cherish it. We must learn from it. We must dig in and get through to tea. And we must play on.
"So rest in peace my little brother. I will see you out in the middle."
Some 1,000 mourners, mostly locals with a smattering of luminaries, including Prime Minister Tony Abbott, dabbed away tears and perspiration in the baking heat of the school hall with thousands more watching on screens in the sunshine outside.
Australian greats of the game such as Shane Warne, Ricky Ponting and Glenn McGrath were in attendance, while Richard Hadlee, Brian Lara and India captain Virat Kohli represented the wider cricket world.
The service was broadcast live on international television news networks and shown on big screens in Australia's major cities, including at the Sydney Cricket Ground where Hughes suffered the fatal injury during a state match last Tuesday.
Bat tributes
Hughes was batting for a recall to the Australia side for the opening match in the Test series against India - since rescheduled - when he suffered the injury that killed him.
The number 63, the runs Hughes had accumulated when he was struck by the ball, has become inextricably linked with the tragedy, as has 408, a reference to him becoming the 408th man to play Test cricket for Australia in 2009.
Hughes's own bat stood up against the coffin throughout the service, which concluded with Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me, the song Elton John dedicated to Hughes when he played it in a concert in Munich last week.
Clarke and fellow cricketers Aaron Finch and Tom Cooper joined Hughes's father and brother among the pallbearers, who delivered the coffin to the hearse, which then set off in a procession through the town.

Sonowal urges AIBA to take sympathetic view of SaritaNew Delhi, December 3, 2014
Updated: December 3, 2014 15:24 IST
Sonowal urges AIBA to take sympathetic view of Sarita
PTI
Tweet
Pleading with the International Boxing Association to revoke the suspension imposed on boxer L Sarita Devi (left), Sports Minister Sarbananda Sonowal (right) has written a letter to AIBA president Dr Ching Kuo Wu requesting him to take a sympathetic view given her humble background.
TOPICS
boxing
Pleading with the International Boxing Association to revoke the suspension imposed on boxer L Sarita Devi, Sports Minister Sarbananda Sonowal has written a letter to AIBA president Dr Ching Kuo Wu requesting him to take a sympathetic view given her humble background.
Sarita was provisionally suspended after she refused to accept her medal following a controversial semifinal loss in the Asian Games.
The AIBA is yet to take a final call on the quantum of Sarita’s punishment but Dr Wu has already made it clear that her career is “as good as over” despite tendering an unconditional apology for her actions.
“I would request you to consider the fact that Ms Sarita Devi comes from a very humble background and has risen in her sport due to her hard work, perseverance and talent. Her suspension has had a demoralising effect on other aspiring sportspersons who would like to emulate her example and achieve sporting excellence,” Mr. Sonowal said in the letter.
Citing the stern warning issued to Sarita by the Olympic Council of Asia, Mr. Sonowal said that she has been punished enough.
“Keeping in view all the factors and in the interest of promotion and development of boxing in India, I would urge you to take a very sympathetic view of the matter and take no further action against her beyond what has already been done by the OCA,” he said.
Along with Sarita, three coaches, including national men’s coach Gurbax Singh Sandhu, were also provisionally suspended and AIBA is yet to decide on their fate.

Germany bars antibiotic drug from Ranbaxy s ...Germany bars antibiotic drug from Ranbaxy's central India plant
PTI Dec 3, 2014, 07.31PM IST
Tags:
antibiotic
(Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd…)
MUMBAI: Indian drugmaker Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd has been barred by from exporting the antibiotic cephalosporin to Germany from its plant in central India for not complying with standard manufacturing practices.
Germany's regulator issued a "non-compliance" report for the plant where Ranbaxy made the antibiotic, after an inspection in June, the European Medicines Agency said on its website in a notice dated Nov. 26.
During the inspection, the German regulator found deficiencies related to operation of drug manufacturing rooms and procedures related to sterilisation of equipment at the Dewas site, the notice said.
The Dewas factory and Ranbaxy's other India-based plants are also barred from exporting to the United States after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspections found those plants violated its standard manufacturing practices.
Ranbaxy, which has said it was working on resolving problems at its plants to get the regulatory bans lifted, did not respond to a request seeking comment on the observations made by the German regulator.
Ranbaxy gets more than half of its revenue from the United States. Germany accounted for 2 percent of global sales in the 15-months period ended March 2014, as per the company filings. The latest German sales data was not immediately available.
Ranbaxy is in the process of being acquired by larger rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Get Carter: what Obama s new defense secretary could mean for IndiaComments
President Barack Obama’s pick as his next defense secretary, Ash Carter, knows India well and has been a known supporter of bilateral relations from his previous iteration at Pentagon.
As deputy secretary of defense (a sort of minister of state for defense), Carter headed a task force to expedite sale of sensitive military equipment to India.
In a speech in September 2013, just a month before leaving office, Carter said he was an “early and strong supporter of the US-Indian relationship”.
He added that he firmly believes “the US and India are destined to be strategic partners”.
Carter, a 60-year-old physicist with an additional bachelor’s degree in medieval history, has worked most of his life in and around US military establishment.
But what can India expect from him?
“His nomination would be very good news for India,” said Carnegie’s Ashley Tellis, who worked very closely on the India-US nuclear deal as a Bush administration official. “But I suspect that, given the massive problems in Defense, he'd have little or no time to focus on India issues.”
Carter, if picked and confirmed, is coming to Pentagon at a particular trying time. US military may end up staying in Afghanistan for longer than Obama wants.
And the United States is looking at an incrementally increasing military engagement in Syria and Iraq, returning to a war the president had declared over in 2011.
Carter will be Obama’s fourth defense secretary, with two of his predecessor reporting in tell-all-books this White House’s uneasy relationship with military leaders.
The third defense secretary Chuck Hagel, whose firing paved the way for Carter’s return to Pentagon, found the White House slow in making decisions on Ukraine and Syria.
Tellis’s point: India shouldn’t gets its hopes up too much.

A Holiday Sans Data Breaches Not Likely: ExpertsA holiday without data breaches? Not likely, experts say
Herb Weisbaum TODAY contributor
Email
Here’s something to consider as you do your holiday shopping:  Is it safe to swipe your credit or debit card at the register?
It was almost a year ago that we learned about the massive breach at Target stores. On December 13, 2013, cyber security journalist Brian Krebs broke the story on his blog, KrebsOnSecurity . He reported that hackers had infiltrated Target’s computer network before the Black Friday shopping rush and stolen millions of customer debit and credit card account numbers.
Damian Dovarganes / ASSOCIATED PRESS
Is it safe to swipe your credit or debit card at the register this holiday season? Retailers say it's getting safer; security experts say more data breaches are coming.
At the time, no one realized this would the first in a series of major hack attacks on the nation’s retailers – Michaels, Dairy Queen, P.F. Chang’s, Staples and The Home Depot, just to name a few – that would involve hundreds of millions of account numbers and other personal information.
The constant news coverage of these breaches may have you asking: Has anything been done since then to deal with this threat? Are retailers taking it seriously enough? Will this data theft ever stop?
“We are going to continue hearing about nationwide retail chain breaches at a pretty constant drumbeat for the next year, year-and-a-half, maybe two years,” Krebs said.
The nation’s retailers say they realize they’re under attack and they’re working on ways to fight back – installing more secure card readers at checkout and encrypting card numbers in their computer systems. But the work has just started and there’s a long way to go.
“And that means consumers are no more secure this year than they were last year,” said Alphonse Pascual, director of fraud and security at Javelin Strategy & Research .
Security experts contacted by TODAY all say they expect another breach similar in size to Target or Home Depot by early next year.
“If a retailer is compromised this holiday season, that announcement will probably be delayed until January,” Pascual said. “For the consumer that means stepping in line at checkout or even shopping online is still tantamount to Russian roulette when it comes to using their credit and debit cards.”
Retailers disagree.
“I think consumers are more secure this year than last, but they’re still not fully secure,” said Mallory Duncan, senior vice president and general counsel at the National Retail Federation (NRF). “There is a concerted effort to make the payment system more secure. This has begun in earnest, but we are a long way from accomplishing that.”
For example, Duncan says the NRF created an IT Security Council – made up of 130 experts in retail security technology – to make it easier for large retailers to collaborate and exchange information about ongoing threats.
Target would not talk to TODAY for this story. In an email, public relations manager Molly Snyder wrote that providing customers “with a safe and secure shopping experience will continue to be a top priority.” Snyder said Target has taken “significant steps” to enhance security and it will continue to invest in this area going forward.
Video: The financial guru joins TODAY with some important information on what to watch for when it comes to scammers trying to steal your credit card information this holiday season.
What about those new chip-enabled credit cards?
Everyone agrees it’s ludicrous to store account information on a magnetic strip on the back of the card. It’s 1960s technology that makes these cards easy to counterfeit.
“You cannot secure a house of straw,” Duncan said. “If the cards are fundamentally flawed, there’s only so much we can do downstream to patch the holes.”
The next generation of payment cards, slowly rolling out to consumers, should make it much harder for criminals to use stolen credit or debit card numbers to create counterfeit cards. Chip cards use an embedded microchip to store and encrypt the account information, making them nearly impossible to copy.
Chip cards are also referred to as EMV cards – that’s what they’re called in Europe, where they were introduced about a decade ago.
In the U.S., financial institutions have been slow to replace their old card with new chip cards. Bankers said they didn’t see the need to do this until payment terminals that could accept EMV cards were in stores.
Until the Target breach, retailers weren’t in a rush to install these costly new point-of-sale machines because very few customers have EMV cards.
It was the proverbial chicken and egg standoff.
The recent string of high-profile breaches seems to have gotten everyone’s attention and pushed things along.
“The tipping point has been reached,” said Adam Levin, chairman of IDentity Theft 911 . “It’s clear that we have to do it. Everybody’s calling for it and people are working hard to get it done.”
But again, it’s going to take time.
Target said it’s moving quickly and is on track to roll out chip technology to all of its stores beginning early next year.
About 60 million Americans have an EMV payment card now, according to Javelin Strategy & Research. With one billion credit and debit cards currently in circulation in the U.S., that’s a drop in the bucket.
Bob Sullivan has two EMV cards in his wallet and he can’t find a store where he can use them. He still has to swipe the magnetic strip on the back to pay. Sullivan is a journalist who covers technology and security on his blog, BobSullivan.net . He knows the changeover isn’t easy, but he’s discouraged by the slow pace.
“Until every retailer gets these EMV card readers and activates them, the crime will be the same,” he said.
And that’s going to take years. Javelin estimates that it will take until 2018 for 90 percent of the U.S. merchants to be ready to handle EMV payments.
Sullivan is so sure more retailers will be breached that he no longer uses his debit card to buy things. He only uses it to withdraw money from ATMs – a transaction which requires a PIN. He’s encouraged his readers to do the same.
“Using credit is much safer than using debit and it’s so much easier to recover when your credit card number is stolen than when your debit card number is stolen,” Sullivan said.
The fight will never end
Krebs, who has covered all the major retail security breaches since Target, says retailers must realize there is no way to keep the criminal hackers out of their systems and plan accordingly.
“If you can’t keep them out, then you’d better make darn sure that you are able to protect your crown jewels – credit and debit card data and customer contact information – when they do get in,” Krebs said. “The message from Target and Home Depot is that if you’re not encrypting this data, these crown jewels, then you are painting a target on your back.”
Security experts warn that as soon as chip technology stops fraudsters from making counterfeit cards, they’ll simply go online where physical cards are not needed. This happened in Europe as countries switched over to EMV cards. Once credit cards could not be counterfeited, point-of-sale fraud dropped dramatically, but Internet payment fraud skyrocketed.
The same thing is expected to happen here, so figuring out ways to deal with this migration of crime to the Internet needs to start now.
“There’s no silver bullet,” noted Adam Levin at IDentity Theft 911. “Every time we develop a solution, the bad guys come up with an override. But, we’ve got to keep doing better.”
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
Tags:

Days after we met with these ex-cops  Chinese authorities arrested themBy William Wan December 3 Follow @thewanreport
Members of the "Wronged Officer" group pose together after meeting with a foreign reporter. Just days later, two were arrested in retaliation for the secret interviews. (Photos by Gilles Sabrié for The Washington Post)
BEIJING -- We met on the empty floor above a restaurant on the outskirts of Beijing – far away from the prying eyes of authorities. Or so we thought.
Gathered were more than a dozen former police officers who had become targets of authorities after accusing local leaders of corruption and abuse. During previous reporting on China’s police and courts, we had heard of this strange, tragic phenomenon – former officers being hunted by the very system they once upheld – and hoped to write a story about them.
Read: Once a cop, now an outcast: A Chinese tale of abuse and justice
Before meeting, however, members of the “Wronged Officers” group insisted on extensive precautions. As ex-cops, they were well-aware of the smothering capabilities of China’s surveillance state. Many lived under constant government surveillance and were detained whenever they try to leave their home towns to bring their complaints to Beijing.
Most had been beaten at some point and told to stop spreading their allegations.
So that day in the restaurant, before anyone could say too much, the ex-cops, one-by-one, turned off their cellphones and took out the batteries – to stop authorities from tracking or listening to them – and we did the same.
Over the next few days, as two of us from The Post, along with a veteran freelance photographer , interviewed individual members in the rundown village where they now lived, the others manned lookout points for authorities on nearby street corners. Every so often, we'd move to a new home – wary of lingering too long in one place – and the perimeter of lookouts would move with us.
“We know all their tricks,” said Liu Ming, one of the group’s chief strategists for evading authorities.
Former police turned petitioner, Liu Ming holds up a sign that says "wronged" during an interview. A few days later he was arrested by police on charges of "stirring up trouble."
It was a role Liu fell into naturally from experience in his former police job before he was fired in leading squads of officers to hunt down petitioners.
And yet – despite such painstaking, seemingly paranoid precautions on their part and ours – just days after our interviews, Liu and another former officer we met, named Zhuo Cong, were arrested in retaliation for our secret interviews.
Both now face possible prosecution and prison time.
As a journalist, you experience incredible pangs of guilt whenever a source suffers as a result of your reporting. You think about what went wrong, what you could have done differently.
In this case, it wasn’t for lack of precautions, nor because of any particular secret we touched on. (Everything that Liu and Zhuo told us were things both had complained about for years loudly and publicly in their petitioning.) Instead, what got them in trouble was the fact that we had met at all.
It has now been weeks since authorities took Liu and Zhuo away. Other members of the "Wronged Officers" group have scrambled to find lawyers for both. Many lawyers in Liu’s home town of Huainan have refused to take his case, supporters said, fearing the local authorities who arrested Liu.
On the night after Liu returned from Beijing to Huainan, five officers from the Huainan Police burst into his home and pressed him to the floor, according to Liu's supporters. Days later, Liu was formally arrested under criminal suspicion of “stirring up trouble."
According to one friend who helped find Liu's current lawyer, police also accused Liu of "leaking state secrets" because of his interview with us – a charge that human rights experts say is frequently and flagrantly used in China to silence dissenting voices.
Zhuo – a former court officer from Dangshan County in Anhui province who says he began petitioning because he didn’t get a fair salary and was later fired for that petitioning – was also arrested on suspicion of "stirring up trouble," according to other members of the “Wronged Officer” group.
Zhuo Cong, a former police officer, outside his home in a petition village outside Beijing. A few days after this picture was taken, police arrested him at his home in retaliation for his petitioning.
Dangshan police, who searched Zhuo’s room in the petition village outside Beijing, told others present that Zhuo had done two things wrong: Agreeing to an interview with foreign media and traveling to Tianjin City recently to support a friend whose home had been demolished by local authorities.
Neither police department responded to calls for comment.
Both Liu and Zhuo were painfully aware of the dangers of speaking out.
This year alone, Liu had already been detained seven times by police while petitioning in Beijing and dragged back to his home town. He recounted being beaten during one instance until he bled from his head and repeatedly lost consciousness as hired thugs drove him back to his home province of Anhui.
This, however, is the first time that such detention has led to formal arrest and criminal charges for Liu.
In our interviews before his arrest, Liu had explained why he felt a need to speak out.
“The petition system is a lie,” he said, referring to the pseudo-legal structure set up by China's leaders to receive complaints against the government. “It leaves us nowhere to make our voice heard. … Chinese media do not want to listen to our stories. Even when Chinese reporters are interested, they dare not write about it.”
Liu said he became a petitioner in 2008 after he was fired for making overly frank remarks that offended his superiors.
He recalled how years of frustration eventually led him to publicly air his complaints against the government in Tiananmen Square, a move he knew would result in detention.
“I knew it was a trap, but I went anyway,” he said. “I wanted to show others that petitioning doesn’t work.”
He said all his fruitless petitioning has led him to realize that no one in government cares about cases like his. “I realize now that the problem doesn’t lie with any individual; the problem is the petition and legal system itself.”
Gu Jinglu contributed to this report.
William Wan is The Post’s China correspondent based in Beijing. He served previously as a religion reporter and diplomatic correspondent.

Walgreens sales rise in November despite new genericsWalgreens sales rise in November despite new generics
By Corilyn Shrosphire, Chicago Tribune
Walgreens comp sales up 4.5 percent in November
Walgreens sales rose 4.5 percent in stores open at least a year
Walgreen Co. said Wednesday that sales at stores open at least a year rose by 4.5 percent in November, but they would have increased even more if not for a number of generic drug introductions over the past year.
The sales figure was a bit higher than analysts' expectations of 4.3 percent, according to RetailMetrics.
0
The Deerfield-based company said generic drug introductions have negatively impacted total comparable sales by 1.3 percentage points in the past 12 months. Calendar shifts also impacted total comparable sales by 1.3 percent points for the month. Comparable sales are an important retail metric because the track sales in established stores and exclude the likely boost from newly opened ones..
Overall sales were $6.36 billion, up nearly 5 percent from $6.06 billion at the same time last year.
Pharmacy sales in stores open at least a year grew by 7.6 percent in November, and prescriptions filled in stores open at least a year rose by 2.6 percent. Non-pharmacy sales in Walgreens stores were up 1.3 percent from one year ago.
Walgreens, which operates a total 8,330 locations in the U.S., Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, said it opened 24 stores in November, including 12 relocations. It closed one store.

Uber signs app deal with Slim s America MovilUber signs app deal with Slim's America Movil
Uber
Zbigniew Bzdak/ Chicago Tribune
Florian Bucea, a limo driver, demonstrates how to use the Uber app in Chicago.
Florian Bucea, a limo driver, demonstrates how to use the Uber app in Chicago. (Zbigniew Bzdak/ Chicago Tribune)
By Christine Murray, Reuters
Carlos Slim
Uber Inc has signed a deal with billionaire Carlos Slim's America Movil to bring its app, which allows users to summon a car on their smartphones, to new customers in Latin America in a move it says could be a model for other regions.
Starting on Tuesday, the Uber app will be promoted on millions of Android phones that use telecoms company America Movil as their carrier, including 10 million in Mexico, Uber said.
0
Customers will get a 150 peso ($10.64) discount on their first ride, and Uber drivers in Mexico will get discounts on packages with Telcel, America Movil's wireless firm in the country.
Uber signed a similar deal earlier this year with U.S. carrier AT&T . Uber said on Tuesday that it is working to expand the deal with America Movil to other sectors, and that the partnership could serve as a model in other regions.
America Movil, controlled by the family of Carlos Slim, the world's second richest man according to Forbes, has around 241 million wireless subscribers in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The company does not break down which subscribers use smartphones.
Around 42.9 percent of mobiles in Mexico, where Uber started its Latin America operation last year, were smartphones in mid-2014, the Competitive Intelligence Unit said in October.
Uber Latin America spokeswoman Ana Paula Blanco said the company did not pay America Movil for the deal, but that it was the beginning of a "relationship" between the two companies.
America Movil did not immediately return a request for comment.
(Reporting by Christine Murray; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)

The battles of Russias central bank governorDecember 3, 2014 10:06 am
The woman trying to tame the rouble
Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba20c594-7abf-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How Taking a Small Business Risk Creates RewardsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Thai X-ing on Ninth Street NW: A sequel that surpasses its predecessorBy Tom Sietsema December 3 Follow @tomsietsema
Boo: The original Thai X-ing, Washington’s beloved but eccentric source of pumpkin curry on Florida Avenue NW, doesn’t have a liquor license and can no longer let diners bring their own beer or wine. The food deserves — demands — a chaser stronger than water or soda.
To the rescue: A same-name spinoff of the restaurant, opened this fall near the 9:30 Club, that not only makes a respectable gimlet, but also lets customers enjoy its food with a bottle of something from outside for what must be the city’s most thoughtful corkage fee: a mere $5.
The new Thai X-ing on Ninth Street NW offers a (slightly) more formal dining room than its Bohemian predecessor. (Scott Suchman/For The Washington Post)
So, even though both locations serve the same food, family style, they aren’t competitors, says Taw Vigsittaboot, the owner and chef of both Thai X-ings. Customers go to one or the other, he says, based on how much they like to party.
If they can get in. Aside from the no-reservations Little Serow, which requires customers to stand in line for a chance at its fireworks, no area Thai restaurant is a bigger challenge to access than the younger Thai X-ing. For whatever reason, the restaurant’s online reservation system never works for me, a problem even managers at the new place have conceded others have experienced. And good luck getting anyone to answer the phone. (Vigsittaboot, who divides his time between the two kitchens, says he communicates with his staff via their personal cell phones.)
My strategy for getting in is to show up at 6 p.m. — opening time — and schmooze whoever greets my posse at the door. Repeat after me: “We don’t have a reservation, but we’d love to join you tonight.” Those 12 words have worked for this diner more than once and as much as I hate to spill the beans, a server confirmed that early birds get the chicken masaman. “Six o’clock is golden,” a staff member whispered as she led me to a vacant table a few minutes after the hour. “But don’t tell anybody,” she told the wrong guy. (I can keep secrets, just not those involving good meals.)
An array of dishes from the five-course set menu. (Scott Suchman/For The Washington Post)
“Do you know how this works?” a waiter occasionally asks. Most diners seem to know the drill involving five or so courses. Some nights have a theme (Sunday welcomes vegetarians), other evenings don’t. The common threads between new and old are no printed menu and dishes that start showing up once you’re seated and watered. Unless you’re cool with a dinner date ending in 20 minutes, let your guide know you’re not in a rush. This is food that deserves some contemplation.
The meal typically begins with green papaya salad and follows with soup. The salad, bright with lime juice and sweet with palm sugar, is pleasant. I have a hunch it would be more fun if Vigsittaboot made it the way his mother did back in Thailand, with dried shrimp. (On the phone, he suggests the flavor might turn customers off. I beg to differ. What smells like fish food combines with the other accents, including roasted peanuts and green beans, to give the dish its mysterious tropical charm.)
Green papaya salad with tofu is pleasant, but missing a funky punch you might find in Thailand. (Scott Suchman/For The Washington Post)
The soup, another staple of the original Thai X-ing taught to the chef by his grandmother, is apt to be a broth coaxed from pork bones, celery and pickled garlic; bobbing in the bowl is a log of cucumber hiding minced pork in its hollow. White pepper, cilantro root and enough pork fat to carry their flavors add up to a tasty meatball. Clearly, Vigsittaboot ate well as a youngster.
Next, one of Washington’s great dishes, the aforementioned pumpkin curry. Chunks of fresh pumpkin are cooked over slices of bamboo shoots to keep the orange signature from overcooking. Draping the dish is a velvety red curry that balances sweet (coconut milk) and heat (red chilies) with the skill of Nik Wallenda. I never leave a lick behind on the banana leaf.
The pumpkin curry is a signature dish at Thai X-ing. (Scott Suchman/For The Washington Post)
A pause between courses gives me a chance to look around and note how the new, bigger-with-60-seats Thai X-ing sets itself apart from the Bohemian original, which occupies two floors in a townhouse.
The younger of the two opens with a small modern bar, some high-top tables and a peek into the kitchen. (A multitasker, Vigsittaboot, who supervises a total of five cooks from all over Thailand, says he built the green counter at the bar.) Beyond a beaded curtain is a dim dining room, at once antique (with dark wood and a ship’s wheel) and groovy (with furry throw pillows). Upstairs are a second bar and dining room.
Like the menu, the music varies. Jazz played while I enjoyed one night’s salmon curry; Vivaldi accompanied a plate of glassy mung bean noodles showered with peanuts, cilantro and slivers of sharp red onion. Hope for that chicken masaman with potatoes, too. Its mild gravy is fragrant with warm spices, and the chicken is so soft it falls from the bones.
Plates draped in banana leaves are stacked at the ready. (Scott Suchman/For The Washington Post)
Dessert is just what you crave after a tropical heat wave. Sometimes, dinner concludes with juicy slices of mango with sticky rice. (Is there a more sensual tropical fruit than mango? I think not.) Pumpkin and fruits in a warm and wonderful coconut cream are more intriguing.
Not every course soars, but the ordinary eats aren’t anything a squeeze of lime or the next dish in the lineup can’t rescue. Here’s the place to go, relatively inexpensively, with a group, or to make the vegan in your party feel welcome, with meatless menus on Tuesdays and Sundays. Throw in the gentle corkage fee and you’ve got one accommodating restaurant — once you’re in, of course.
2 stars
Location: 2020 Ninth St. NW. 202-332-4322. www.thaix-ing.com.
Open: Tuesday-Sunday 6 to 9:30 p.m.
Prices: $30 per person Tuesday-Thursday and Sunday; $40 per person Friday and Saturday. For parties of five or more, there’s a surcharge of $10 per person.
Sound check: 63 decibels/Conversation is easy
Weaned on a beige buffet a la “Fargo” in Minnesota, Tom Sietsema is the food critic for The Washington Post. This is his second tour of duty at the Post. Sietsema got his first taste in the ‘80s, when he was hired by his predecessor to answer phones, write some, and test the bulk of the Food section’s recipes. That’s how he learned to clean squid, bake colonial cakes and distinguish between nutmeg and mace.

Dow hits record as energy rises for 3rd straight dayYou are here: Home > Collections > Markit
Dow hits record as energy rises for 3rd straight day
Reuters Dec 3, 2014, 10.58PM IST
Tags:
Dow
(US stocks rose modestly…)
NEW YORK: US stocks rose modestly on Wednesday as energy-related shares rose for a third straight session and data pointed to improving conditions in the US services sector, which makes up a majority of the economy.
Market moves were slight, with many traders looking ahead to a key meeting of the European Central Bank. Still, the Dow hit an intraday record and the S&P was within four points of its record set last week.
The S&P 500 energy sector rose 1.3 per cent as the top-performing sector on the day, up alongside a 0.6 per cent increase in the price of crude oil. Cimarex Energy was the S&P 500's top per centage gainer, up 5.9 per cent at $108.98. Diamond Offshore rose 3.7 per cent to $31.46.
While the sector is on track for its third consecutive daily advance - and is up 3.3 per cent over that period - the group remains the year's biggest underperformer. It is the only industry group to be negative on the year, pressured as crude has lost more than 30 per cent from a recent high.
"Energy is the undervalued sector of the market, but trying to call the bottom of oil prices is like trying to catch a falling knife. There's value to be had, but also might be some more pain along the way," said Joseph Quinlan, chief market strategist at US Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management in New York.
A gauge of growth in the US services sector rose more than expected in November even as its employment component dipped, according to ISM, while Markit's reading of the sector showed growth, though as a slower clip.
Markets reacted mutedly to data showing the US private sector created 208,000 jobs last month, fewer than expected. The numbers, however, suggested a slowing global economy was having a limited impact on domestic activity.
Momentum is building for the ECB to launch a program of sovereign-bond buying to boost the bloc's struggling economy, with most signs pointing to March for a decision. The ECB meets on Thursday.
"We're looking for any stimulus, and are vulnerable to no additional actions being taken," said Quinlan, who helps oversee $330 billion in assets. "We'll feel more confident about global prospects if we have a more proactive ECB."
  At 12:05 p.m. (1705 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average rose 8.54 points, or 0.05 per cent, to 17,888.09, the S&P 500 gained 3.81 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 2,070.36 and the Nasdaq Composite added 11.55 points, or 0.24 per cent, to 4,767.36.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 2,079 to 873, for a 2.38-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,772 issues rose and 823 fell for a 2.15-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 was posting 92 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 103 new highs and 48 new lows.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Board of Bharat Petroleum Corporation approves diversification into production of petrochemicalsBoard of Bharat Petroleum Corporation approves diversification into production of petrochemicals
Services sector PMI hits 5-month high in Nov: HSBCServices sector PMI hits 5-month high in Nov: HSBC
Air Seychelles flies into India with three servicesAir Seychelles flies into India with three services
Excise duty hike on petrol  diesel to cost OMCs Rs 10 000 cr this yearExcise duty hike on petrol, diesel to cost OMCs Rs 10,000 cr this year
Sudheer Pal Singh | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 12:43 AM IST
Oil-marketing companies (OMCs) are likely to pay the price of the government’s desire to correct fiscal health by levying higher excise on petrol and diesel. Within a span of three weeks, the excise duty on petrol has been raised by Rs 3.75 a litre and that on diesel has risen by Rs 2.5 a litre.
An increase in duty on the two automobile fuels means OMCs will have to take a hit of over Rs 10,000 crore in the rest of the financial year, since they offset the duty hike against margins on retail prices.
On an annual basis, the first duty hike in November would give the government an additional Rs 13,000 crore. From the twin hikes in excise duty, the government is poised to raise up to Rs 20,000 crore annually. The huge amount would help the government limit fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product in the current financial year.
The burden of the excise duty hike would not be passed on to consumers as it was meant to meet the revenue deficit, Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said at an event on Wednesday. He added the fall in international oil prices had resulted in six consecutive reductions in petrol and diesel prices. “The government had to take certain steps to meet the revenue deficit without burdening the consumer. If international oil prices continue to fall, the benefit will certainly be passed on to consumers,” said Pradhan.
Thanks to an oversupply in the global markets, along with a slump in demand, crude oil prices have fallen to four-year lows.
The Indian basket of crude oil has declined nearly 40 per cent from its June peak of $115 a barrel to $72 a barrel. Brent crude futures have also declined by the same extent during the period. However, petrol prices have been slashed only 11 per cent, and diesel prices have come down by eight per cent.
According to OMC executives, the last two excise duty hikes have not been passed on to consumers and retail price revisions have been done keeping the government’s decision of excise duty hikes in view. “We revised petrol and diesel prices only last Sunday. We will take an overall view of crude oil rate and excise duty while revising prices next,” said a senior executive at the country’s largest fuel retailer, Indian Oil Corp (IOC).
He added the latest excise duty hike of Rs 2.25 a litre on petrol and Re 1 a litre on diesel would translate into a hit of Rs 4,500 crore for OMCs in the rest of the current financial year. “The last duty hike, on November 13, had an impact of Rs 6,000 crore on OMCs,” he said.
The petroleum sector annually contributes Rs 3.05 lakh-crore to the exchequer; this includes Rs 1.52 lakh-crore to the Centre and an equal amount to states.
The contribution to the central exchequer is in the form of cess on crude oil, royalty, Customs duty, excise duty, service tax and dividend paid to the government. The Centre’s excise duty collection from the petroleum sector rose from Rs 68,000 crore in 2011-12 to Rs 77,000 crore in 2013-14.
The Centre managed to mop up Rs 16,000 crore from excise duty in the petroleum sector in the first quarter of the current financial year. With two consecutive hikes in duty in less than a month, the collection is set to swell further.
For OMCs, their largest shareholder’s drive to boost excise duty collections could not have come at a worse time. All the three state-owned refiners — IOC, Bharat Petroleum Corp and Hindustan Petroleum — had seen sequential drops in their gross refining margins during the September quarter, as falling crude oil prices led to inventory losses.
IOC reported a net loss of Rs 898 crore in the July-September quarter of 2014-15, against a net profit of Rs 1,683 crore in the year-ago period.
This was mainly due to an inventory loss of Rs 4,272 crore in the quarter, compared to an inventory gain of Rs 4,635 crore in the corresponding quarter a year ago, said IOC Chairman & Managing Director B Ashok.
The firm’s gross refining margin stood at a negative $1.95 a barrel during the September quarter, against a positive margin of $7.43 a barrel in the year-ago period.

Asian airlines welcome oil price slump but rue overcapacitySign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Post deregulation  drop in diesel price passes through to freightbillWritten by Siddhartha Gupta | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:13 am
Reacting to an almost 10 per cent drop in diesel prices post deregulation in mid-October, transporters across the country have begun reducing freight charges, with the reduction being over 5 per cent in some cases.
“Diesel makes up for around 50 per cent of our costs, so a ten per cent drop in diesel prices has resulted in around 5 per cent drop in the price we charge. We have annual contracts with our customers where an escalation / de-escalation clause automatically passes through any change in fuel prices to the customer. Even open market operators have no option but to follow suit, given the stiff competition, but they usually put up some resistance,” said Ramesh Agarwal, chairman, Agarwal Packers and Movers.
He added that the one way rental from Delhi to Mumbai route for a 16.2 ton truck with 9 ton payload had dropped down to Rs 36000, from around Rs 38000 at the time of deregulation.
This dip in prices is also likely to further ease inflation in food articles, with the corresponding figure having reduced to 2.7 per cent in October from 9.64 per cent in May.
Currently, over 70 per cent of the total freight movement in the country is by roads, out of which around 25 per cent is done on a contractual basis, according to industry experts. Other than diesel, the bulk of the costs go towards tyres, infrastructure, salaries and tolls.
According to SP Singh, Coordinator, Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training (IFTRT), declining demand and cheaper tyres could further push down rentals in the future.
“Actually, tyres should have become cheaper already because oil and rubber, which are two main constituents, have become quite cheap but there are few tyre suppliers in the country and they have formed a cartel, which has so far resisted any attempts at reduction of cost,” said Singh.
As per IFTRT data, a round trip in a 16 ton truck with a 9 ton payload costs Rs 62,400 today, as compared to Rs 65,700 a month ago, on the Delhi-Mumbai-Delhi truck route. The corresponding cost for Delhi-Kolkata-Delhi route is Rs 63,200 today, as against Rs 66,500 a month ago.
Owners of smaller fleets see tougher competition now that charges are on the decline. “The competition is too high so we couldn’t raise prices as per need when diesel was expensive, and on any day, almost 20 per cent of our trucks are off the roads due to unavailability of drivers,” said Rajender Kapoor, Secretary General, Delhi Goods Transport Association.
Other logistics players Gati and TCIL could not be contacted for their comments.

Wish list for $34-bn Japan loans in theworksWritten by Surabhi | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:08 am
To avail the near-$34 billion worth of loans promised by Japan, India has begun working out a list of railway and multi-modal transport projects that can be financed through these funds.
The finance ministry along with the ministries of urban development and railways are understood to be looking into the issue to identify projects in these sectors.
“Officials have been asked to work out a potential list of projects that can be taken to the Japanese side for funding sectors of multi-modal transport as well as railways,” said a source close to the development.
Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe had in September committed $33.8 billion to India over the next five years through overseas development assistance (ODA) for developmental projects in infrastructure and construction of smart cities.
The aid at an average $7 billion annually, which is amongst the largest from any country to India, was one of the key takeaways from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s five-day visit to Japan.
The loans will be disbursed based on the projects brought forward by the Indian government. “The exercise will help us identify projects across the country that can be taken up with the Japanese for aid,” said the source.
As part of the exercise, proposals for construction of metro rail systems and other urban mass transit systems are being looked at.
Meanwhile, the government is also looking at projects where loans under Special Terms of Economic Partnership (STEP) can be taken from Japan. STEP loans are those which are extended to projects along with Japanese technology and expertise, based on request from the recipient country.
India is now the largest recipient of ODA from Japan that has been extending bilateral loans since 1958.
Currently, over 67 projects with a sanctioned loan amount of Rs 86,555 crore are being implemented.

Germany bans drug made at Ranbaxys DewasplantBy: Reuters | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:05 am
Drugmaker Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd has been barred by from exporting the antibiotic cephalosporin to Germany from its plant in Dewas, Madhya Pradesh, for not complying with standard manufacturing practices.
Germany’s regulator issued a “non-compliance” report for the plant where Ranbaxy made the antibiotic, after an inspection in June, the European Medicines Agency said on its website in a notice dated November 26.
During the inspection, the regulator found deficiencies related to operation of drug manufacturing rooms and procedures related to sterilisation of equipment at the Dewas site, the notice said.
The Dewas factory and Ranbaxy’s other India-based plants are also barred from exporting to the United States after the US Food and Drug Administration inspections found those plants violated standard manufacturing practices.

RBI plans guidelines fore-bizBy: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:02 am
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to come out with new guidelines on e-commerce transactions in the wake of some concerns on deals in the fast-developing segment.
“There are some issues which we are trying to look at. E-commerce is innovative and we cannot push it away, so we will see. We are looking at coming out with some guidelines on it,” RBI Deputy Governor HR Khan said on the sidelines of an event organised by the National Payments Corporation of India. He, however, did not elaborate what the specific concerns of the regulator are.
In August, the RBI had found that US-based taxi aggregator Uber was flouting payments norms and had asked it to comply by October 31, for which the company has sought more time. Uber was following its practice that falls short on the two-step user authentication norms as laid out by the RBI.
The boom in the e-commerce space has seen explosive growth in transactions. The RBI is likely to look at the payment system and violations, while transferring money overseas in such deals.

545 JNNURM buses to hit the road by March-endMangalore
The KSRTC Bus-stand for Udupi would be constructed on 2 acres and 94 cents of land at Bannanje
Transport Minister Ramalinga Reddy said on Wednesday that 545 city buses under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) would be introduced in many towns of the State by the end of March 2015.
Speaking to reporters after inspecting the KSRTC Bus Deport and construction of JNNURM Bus Depot here, Mr. Reddy said these included 30 city buses each under JNNURM for Udupi and Bhadravati, 35 each for Mangaluru, Bhadravati and Hassan, 50 each for Ramanagaram and Davangere, 65 for Shivamogga, 25 each for Kolar and Kolar Gold Fields, 45 additional buses for Tumakuru, and 125 additional buses for Mysuru.
To another question, he said Rs. 6 crore had been sanctioned for the construction of JNNURM Bus Depot here. The work was expected to be completed by March 2015. Once the depot was ready, city buses under JNNURM would be started here.
Already 40 cents of land belonging to the Department of Public Instruction had been identified for a bus-stand for the JNURUM city buses near the City Bus-stand. Though the department had released Rs. 1.45 crore for the construction of a building on this land, it would be shifted to the Board High School here to make way for the JNNURM Bus-stand.
The KSRTC Bus-stand for Udupi would be constructed on 2 acres and 94 cents of land at Bannanje here. This land belonged to the Public Works Department. Talks were on with the Public Works Department to get the land transferred to the Transport Department. New KSRTC bus-stands would be constructed in all those towns which did not have them in the next two years. The aim was to provide better facilities for passengers.
On two private buses catching fire in the last two days, he said the Transport Department had issued 12 guidelines for the safety of all buses. But in these two cases, the reason for the fire was accident, Mr. Reddy said.
Pramod Madhwaraj, MLA, and P. Yuvaraj, president of the Udupi City Municipal Council, were present.

http://usat.ly/1CFSgsMFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Google to revamp its products with 12-and-younger focus
Google will begin rolling out under-13 versions of its suite of products - such as search and YouTube - beginning early next year
Post to Facebook
Google to revamp its products with 12-and-younger focus Google will begin rolling out under-13 versions of its suite of products - such as search and YouTube - beginning early next year Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CFSgsM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Google to revamp its products with 12-and-younger focus
Marco della Cava , USA TODAY 4:42 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
A profile of Pavni Diwanji, VP of engineering at Google, who is being tasked with leading Google's upcoming initiative to make their suite of products, from Gmail to YouTube, more kid friendly.
Pavni Diwanji, VP of engineering at Google.
(Photo: Martin E. Klimek, USA TODAY)
2966 CONNECT 1045 TWEET 437 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — With Google processing 40,000 search queries a second — or 1.2 trillion a year — it's a safe bet that many of those doing the Googling are kids.
Little surprise then that beginning next year the tech giant plans to create specific versions of its most popular products for those 12 and younger. The most likely candidates are those that are already popular with a broad age group, such as search, YouTube and Chrome.
"The big motivator inside the company is everyone is having kids, so there's a push to change our products to be fun and safe for children," Pavni Diwanji, the vice president of engineering charged with leading the new initiative, told USA TODAY.
"We expect this to be controversial, but the simple truth is kids already have the technology in schools and at home," says the mother of two daughters, ages 8 and 13. "So the better approach is to simply see to it that the tech is used in a better way."
Google would not offer a timetable for the rollout. But executives noted this will be a full-time effort that comes on the heels of recent kid-centric efforts such as its virtual Maker Camp, Doodle 4 Google competition and Made with Code initiative, which Thursday will see the lights of White House Christmas trees illuminated based on coding programs created by kids from coast to coast.
"We want to be thoughtful about what we do, giving parents the right tools to oversee their kids' use of our products," says Diwanji, who will attend the White House ceremony. "We want kids to be safe, but ultimately it's about helping them be more than just pure consumers of tech, but creators, too."
Controversy may well follow in the wake of Google's drive. While tech companies are always seeking out new markets, which in turn expand their user base and ultimately drive up revenue, traditionally kids younger than 13 have been off limits.
The Federal Trade Commission's Children's Online Privacy Protection Act so far has levied fines against 20 companies in its 15-year history for mining young user information without parental consent. In September, Yelp was fined $450,000 for failing to implement a functional age screen in its ratings app.
"We aren't looking to play gotcha, it's just about kids being protected and promoting business compliance," says Maneesha Mithal, associate director of the FTC's privacy and identity protection division.
Mithal says COPPA has been updated a number of times in the past decade to reflect the exponential growth of tech trends. Specifically, the act has been amended to include provisions for everything from geolocation data gleaned from mobile devices to photo- and voice-uploading protocols on social networking sites.
"One of the great things about technology is that we should be able to create safe places for kids," Mithal says. "We don't want to stifle that as long as parents are in the driver's seat."
But parents may have a tough time keeping track of everything their kids are into tech-wise, says Marc Rotenberg, president of the watchdog group, Electronic Privacy Information Center.
"The prospect of audio-based advertising targeting our children is very real, and that's significant when you're talking about an age group that is very susceptible to manipulation," Rotenberg says. "The FTC will have to step up on this. I don't think we want a world where our kids are sold things they don't need."
Diwanji says she understands those concerns, but adds that as a parent she "is a big believer in coaching moments for kids, rather than just blocking what they can do. I want to enable trust in them. Thirteen isn't some magical number. I want to teach them what's right and wrong, and bring families together using technology."
If Google has a skunkworks for this kid project, it's a small room in its Mountain View, Calif., headquarters dubbed the Kids Studio, where children of employees are encouraged to spend hours tinkering with various prototype projects.
Diwanji says that watching those kids tinker reminds her that a child's-eye-view of, say, the Google search engine isn't remotely the same as an adult's. That fact was brought home by her younger daughter, who after Googling "trains" was stunned to see a list of Amtrak train schedules pop up.
"She came to me and said, 'Mommy, you should tell Google about Thomas the Tank Engine, because Google obviously doesn't know about him,'" Diwanji says, laughing.
Her point: User experiences for a range of Google products are ripe for under-13 makeovers. What also is being worked out are the ways in which parents will be able to oversee their child's interactions with Google's technologies, perhaps limiting usage to set time frames.
"We want to enable supervision but not be regimental," says Diwanji during a visit to Google's San Francisco outpost. "But that's challenging because no two parents are alike. I have friends who are helicopter parents and others are even more liberal than me, but everyone has to be accommodated by whatever we create."
Diwanji seems the right person for this push into unchartered waters. Growing up in a middle-class family in western India, she was technologically precocious, winning a coding content in seventh grade and eventually studying computer science as the only woman in her university program.
When she was accepted at Stanford University for a master's degree in computer science, her father had to mortgage parts of his small software company in order to pay for just one quarter of his daughter's graduate school education.
"I was determined to stay," she says with a smile, describing how she approached a range of professors before finally landing financial assistance to complete her degree. A Sun Microsystems job and two start-ups later, she landed a job at Google a decade back.
"This is perhaps one of my greatest challenges," she says. "We want to lay the foundation right, and then make sure every single part of Google is great for kids. They are the future, so why not give them the tools to let them create it."
2966 CONNECT 1045 TWEET 437 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CFSgsM
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

http://usat.ly/1ylIZC4Fed: Economy continues to show growth pickup
Latest Beige Book surveys economic conditions in October and November in the 12 Fed districts.
Post to Facebook
Fed: Economy continues to show growth pickup Latest Beige Book surveys economic conditions in October and November in the 12 Fed districts. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CFRxYG
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Fed: Economy continues to show growth pickup
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 5:33 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Towne East J.C. Penney employees, from left, Tori Goldsmith, Carla Fuller and Brian Hill stock men's socks as they prepare for Thanksgiving Day sales, in Wichita, Kan.
(Photo: Mike Hutmacher, AP)
61 CONNECT 29 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The economy improved broadly in late October and November, with job growth, consumer spending and business investment all picking up and retailers optimistic about the holiday season, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday.
Manufacturing and construction activity also increased, while the housing market remained a mixed bag, depending on the region, according to the Fed's "beige book" report, which provides an anecdotal look at the economy.
The latest report took a decidedly more positive view of the labor market than previous editions, perhaps signaling continued strong job growth. "Employment gains were widespread across" the 12 Federal Reserve Bank districts, the beige book said.
Wage growth, which has been modest throughout the recovery, remained "subdued," though there were pockets of nascent wage pressures.
Tumbling gasoline prices helped offset workers' largely stagnant earnings, lifting consumer spending in several regions and boding well for the holiday shopping season. The period covered by the report ended Nov. 24, before the start of seasonal sales.
Consumer purchases of durable goods, such as appliances, were solid in the San Francisco and Richmond, Va., areas. Auto sales were especially brisk in the Atlanta, Chicago and San Francisco markets, and lower gasoline prices boosted sales of SUVs and light trucks in Philadelphia, Cleveland and Chicago.
Meanwhile, ski resorts in the Richmond and Minneapolis regions opened early following an early blast of winter, and Broadway theater revenues in New York City were moderately higher than a year ago. Both tourism and restaurant sales, however, fell in Kansas City.
Businesses also were in a spending mood, increasing outlays for employees as well as inventory and equipment. Firms in Boston beefed up payrolls in information technology. Employers also ramped up hiring for financial workers in New York, manufacturing and construction employees in Cleveland and hotel and restaurant staffers in Atlanta.
Companies continued to struggle to fill high-skill positions in engineering, legal and health care services. There was little change in holiday hiring compared with last year.
The hunt for skilled workers pushed up wages as employers in New York, Chicago and San Francisco doled out raises both to attract candidates and retain "high-value, long-term existing employees." Encouragingly, there were also early signs "of wage pressures for lower-skilled jobs, whose wages have been flat for several years." Meanwhile, minimum wage increases pushed up labor costs in Boston, Cleveland and San Francisco.
Firms also increased spending more broadly. Retailers and manufacturers in Chicago and Richmond built up inventories to prepare for the possibility of another brutal winter that delays deliveries. Manufacturers in several areas expanded capital budgets "both to replace existing equipment and to expand capacity." And there was a flurry of merger activity in Cleveland, Richmond, Chicago and Dallas.
Manufacturing also continued to gain, particularly the automotive and aerospace industries. Steel production increased in Cleveland, Chicago and San Francisco. High-tech manufacturers in Boston, Dallas and San Francisco reported steady growth in demand.
Falling oil and gas prices are generally aiding companies, but chemical manufacturers in the Boston area said the decline has made them less competitive globally because they rely on natural gas as a feedstock, while foreign producers typically use oil.
The housing and construction markets expanded overall, but multifamily building continued to outpace residential. And only about half the districts cited an increase in home sales. Commercial construction was a bright spot, as office building picked up in New York and Philadelphia and industrial projects gained in Cleveland, Chicago and Dallas.
And while business and consumer lending generally increased, "first-time home buyers continue to face challenges in qualifying for mortgages," the report said.
61 CONNECT 29 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CFRxYG
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

No Indictment in NYPD Choke Hold Death  According to City OfficialsEric Garner Case: 5 Things You Need to Know About the Grand Jury
Garner's family has already indicated that they plan to file a wrongful death lawsuit against the NYPD for $75 million.
The grand jury was made up of 23 residents of Staten Island and led by a foreperson. A decision required a majority of the jury -- meaning at least 12 people.
Pantaleo, 29, and his police partner, Justin D'Amico, testified in front of the jury. D'Amico appeared only after being granted immunity from prosecution.
In a statement after the grand jury decision was announced, Pantaleo said: "I became a police officer to help people and to protect those who can't protect themselves. It is never my intention to harm anyone and I feel very bad about the death of Mr. Garner. My family and I include him and his family in our prayers and I hope that they will accept my personal condolences for their loss."
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio gave an emotional plea this evening for protesters to stay non-violent, noting how Eric Garner's father relayed that message to him shortly after the grand jury's decision was announced. De Blasio said he shared Ben Garner's pain as the father.
"I couldn't help but immediately think what it would mean to me to lose Dante," de Blasio said, referring to his son.
He went on to tell how, at a meeting about minority relations with police at the White House earlier this week, President Obama pulled him aside and said how Dante reminded him of what he used to look like as a teen, saying, "I know you see this crisis through a very personal lens."
De Blasio also acknowledged how protesters in Ferguson and across the country have been chanting "black lives matter, and they've said it because it had to be said. It's a phrase that should never have to be said -- it should be self-evident."
While this is "one chapter has closed," de Blasio added that "there are more chapters ahead." He said he spoke with both Attorney General Eric Holder and U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch after the grand jury decision. De Blasio said that the U.S. Attorney's office is actively "investigating" the incident, which comes as an important distinction since up till now, federal authorities were described as "monitoring" the case.
This grand jury decision comes 10 days after a Ferguson , Missouri, grand jury announced that it would not indict Darren Wilson, a white police officer, for fatally shooting Michael Brown, a black unarmed teen. That decision led to violent and destructive protests.
The NYPD has been preparing for the grand jury decision. Without revealing exact numbers of police officers that will be on duty, Bratton said the NYPD "will naturally gear up to deal with any potential contingency that might occur."
"We, as you might expect, are planning accordingly," Bratton said at a news conference on Tuesday.
Get real-time updates as this story unfolds. To start, just "star" this story in ABC News' phone app. Download ABC News for iPhone here or ABC News for Android here . To be notified about our live weekend digital reports, tap here.
Join the Discussion

Sony fingers N. Korea as hack source: Reportsony fingers n. korea as hack source: report
Avoiding third-and-long is McCoys priorityBy Liz Clarke December 3 Follow @lizclarketweet
This second-and-11 sack of Colt McCoy, center, by Indianapolis’s Arthur Jones (97), Jonathan Newsome (91) and Darius Butler (20) set up a third and 20. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Despite throwing for a career-high 392 yards in last weekend’s 49-27 loss at Indianapolis, Colt McCoy acknowledged Wednesday he has plenty to work on in advance of Sunday’s game against St. Louis.
McCoy, who last week was named the Redskins’ starter, presumably for the rest of the season, enumerated his to-do list during his weekly press conference. It starts with doing whatever it takes to avoid the third-and-long situations that have proved near impossible to convert.
Washington is 2 of 48 on third downs of 10 yards or more this season. Against the Colts, six of its first seven third downs were 10 yards or more.
“I felt like in the first half last week , we just stayed in third and long, third and long, third and long,” said McCoy, who’ll make his third career start for Washington Sunday at FedEx Field. “The first time we did convert on third-and long, we went down and scored a touchdown. So when you can convert, it gives you some momentum.
McCoy must also start faster. He was understandably rusty in the first half against Dallas on Oct. 27, which was his first NFL start in nearly three years.
After throwing an early interception, McCoy rallied the Redskins to a come-from-behind victory in overtime.
He was supplanted by Griffin the next week at Minnesota.
Sunday against the Colts, after holding the clipboard for the previous three weeks, McCoy was 10 of 17 for 94 yards (58 percent) and one touchdown in the first half, then 21 of 30 (70 percent) for 298 yards and two touchdown in the second half.
“I can’t put my finger on it,” McCoy said of his slow starts, “but I certainly would like to start a little faster. Not just me, but everybody.”
That brings up a third point, raised Monday by Coach Jay Gruden. The offense’s tempo and energy getting in and out of the huddle was lacking early. Handed back-to-back turnovers at the outset, Washington came away with just a long field goal.
Given the strength of the St. Louis ( 5-7 ) pass rush, McCoy said it’s imperative for the offense to operate more crisply. The Rams defense forced five turnovers and got six sacks en route to a 52-0 shutout of the Raiders last weekend.
“I felt like last week early in the game, I wasn’t getting the call in until 20, 25 seconds, then getting everybody up to the line, trying to see the defense and make adjustments on the line of scrimmage on the road.” McCoy said. “That’s just tough to do.”
Washington ( 3-9 ) brings a four-game losing streak into Sunday’s game.
More from The Post:

19 Kids and Counting offspring Josh Duggar and wife expecting baby number fourBy Emily Heil December 3 Follow @emilyaheil
Anna and Josh Duggar, with their third child, Marcus Anthony. (Scott Enlow/TLC)
Josh Duggar, one of the titular tykes (now all grown up) of the TLC reality show “19 Kids and Counting,” is expecting a fourth kiddo of his own with wife Anna.
Duggar, who is the executive director of the Family Research Council’s political arm and lives in the D.C. area , announced the happy news in a tweet.
Every life is precious & a gift from God. We are thrilled to announce we're expecting baby #4! #4andCounting #19Kids pic.twitter.com/AxAjoKWTby
— Josh Duggar (@joshduggar) December 3, 2014
The already-massive Duggar family tree is quickly growing more branches: Josh Duggar’s sister Jill announced in October that she’s expecting her first with husband Derick Dillard.
Read more Reliable Source: 

US-led coalition against IS group assesses progressUS-led coalition against IS group assesses progress
GLOBAL MARKETS-U.S. dollar hits five-year highs  stocks advanceGLOBAL MARKETS-U.S. dollar hits five-year highs  stocks advance
Oil  Ruble and Putin are all headed for 63Oil  Ruble and Putin are all headed for 63
Excise duty hike will help raise funds for welfare schemes: Oil MinisterExcise duty hike will help raise funds for welfare schemes: Oil Minister
It has not moved much as axis and sbi had move before split..buy with ...Gold Member
14 Followers
It has not moved much as axis and sbi had move before split..Buy with target of 367 with SL 347.
1.31 AM Dec 4th  | Track

With rs.84 cr. order announcement the stock price should shoot up to r...Gold Member
67 Followers
With Rs.84 cr. Order announcement the stock price should shoot up to Rs.105-115 level in the coming few days time. Its book value is more than Rs.100/-  cash and cash equivalents on hand  is Rs.19 Cr. Its subsidiary Xlerate drivelin,  which supplies cluch plates to Bharat Gears ltd , whose income has not been shown in the standalone sept.quarterly results. Hence value is there in this stock. Stay invested for atleast 50% profits from here onwards.
1.29 AM Dec 4th  | Track

Hers is the news  bought to you by ...News organisations ‘go native’ to find new source of ad revenue
Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6f034df2-634a-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Girl Scout Cookies Are Now Being Sold OnlineGirl Scout Cookies Are Now Being Sold Online
 |  By                                                                      By LEANNE ITALIE
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Watch out world, the Girl Scouts are going digital to sell you cookies.
For the first time since sales began nearly 100 years, Girl Scouts of the USA will allow its young go-getters to push their wares using a mobile app or personalized websites.
But only if their scout councils and guardians say OK.
"Girls have been telling us that they want to go into this space," said Sarah Angel-Johnson, chief digital cookie executive for the organization covering about 2 million girls. "Online is where entrepreneurship is going."
And the best news for these digital natives: They can have cookies shipped directly to your doorstep.
More than 1 million scouts, from kindergarten-age Daisies to teens, were expected to opt in as cookie-selling season cranks up this month and the scouting organization gets digital sales underway. But the tactic is intended to enhance, not replace, the paper spreadsheets used to generate an estimated $800 million in cookie sales a year — at anywhere from $3.50 to $5 a box, depending on scout council.
There are important e-lessons here, scout officials said, such as better articulating and tracking goals, learning to handle customers and money in a new way, and more efficiently processing credit card information.
"A lot of people have asked, 'What took you so long to get online?' We spend a lot of time thinking how do we make this safe, scalable and smart," Kelly M. Parisi, chief communications executive for Girl Scouts of the USA, said at a recent demonstration for select media.
Councils were offered one of the two platforms but not both. For web-based sales, scouts customize their pages, using their first names only, and email prospective customers with links to click on for orders. They can also put up videos explaining who they are and what they plan to do with their proceeds.
The mobile platform offers tabs for tracking sales and allows for the sale of bundles of different kinds of cookies. It can be used on a phone or tablet.
"They can get them quicker than waiting for me to deliver them because sometimes it takes me a long time to deliver," offered 11-year-old Priscilla at the preview. The adults at the event asked that only first names of scouts be used.
Added 7-year-old Anna: "My favorite part is that now I can sell more Girl Scout Cookies." She pulled down about 200 boxes last year and has upped her goal to 600. Girl Scouts use their cookie money to pay for community service work or troop activities such as camping and other trips.
The websites will not be accessible without an email invitation, requiring the girls to build client lists. And personal information is as protected as any digits out there, for both the scouts and customers, using encryption in some cases.
Much of the responsibility to limit identifying details about scouts online falls on parents.
Troop Leader Karen Porcher of the Bronx has an 11-year-old scout and is particularly psyched about the digital options. They live in a house rather than an apartment, and she and her husband work at home, eliminating at-office cookie and neighborly building sales.
"During cookie season my daughter is wearing her (scout) vest on the subway and people are so excited to see a Girl Scout," Porcher explained. "Strangers actually will buy a case of cookies and wait for her to call. This is going to be amazing because now she can just say 'Give me your business card,' or 'I'll take your email address,' send the email and they can be delivered. This is gonna be sweet."
Porcher also sees word-of-mouth value in getting cookies delivered quickly.
"People are going to be walking around with cookies and others are going to say, 'Whoa, how did you get those already?'"
Zack Bennett of Manhattan has a 9-year-old scout who sold more than 1,000 boxes last year. She hopes to increase her goal to 1,500 this season and went through training to learn how to set up her new cookie website.
But dad won't be letting her loose alone.
"I'll be sitting in the backseat to help her, certainly when it comes to credit cards, things of that sort," he said. "But it makes perfect sense to have it be on the computer. It's definitely time the Girl Scouts came into the 21st century."
___
Follow Leanne Italie on Twitter at http://twitter.com/litalie
More:

Gold futures fall 0.74% on weak globalcuesSugar prices under pressure over Brazilian dumping
Gold prices fell by 0.74 per cent to Rs 26,314 per 10 grams in futures trade today as speculators reduced their exposures amid a weak trend overseas on stronger dollar.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in December fell sharply by Rs 195, or 0.74 per cent, to Rs 26,314 per 10 grams in a business turnover of just one lot.
Likewise, the metal for delivery in February next year eased by Rs 172, or 0.65 per cent, to Rs 26,767 per 10 grams in 197 lots.
Market analysts said a weak trend in overseas markets where the precious metal retreated from five-week high on outlook for stronger dollar mainly weighed on gold prices at futures trade here.
Globally, gold fell by 0.70 per cent to USD 1,203.45 an ounce in Singapore today.
Meanwhile, the metal rallied yesterday to USD 1,221.43, the highest level since October 30, climbing from a three-week low of USD 1,142.88 as some investors ended bets on lower prices.
More from commodities
‘Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT William D Dar, director general of International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (Icrisat) which has its global headquarters in Hyderabad, has transformed the organisation into one of the best international agricultural research for development (AR4D) centres in terms of innovative and inclusive research programmes for better financial health and stability. In an interaction […]

Nomura says Indias inflation at post-financial crisis lows; positive on stockmarketsDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Japanese brokerage Nomura today said inflation levels in India are close to post global financial crisis lows, and retained its positive stance on the country’s stock market.
According to the global financial services major, the national accounts reveal that inflation rates across sectors in the country are close to post-GFC (global financial crisis) lows.
“Inflation across aggregate sectors is close to post-GFC lows; we reiterate our positive stance on the market and remain OW (overweight) on financials,” Nomura said in a research note.
The headline retail and wholesale inflation figures since July coincided with the collapse of global commodity prices, led by crude oil.
Among other factors that led to the decline in headline retail inflation include significant fall in global agricultural commodity prices and strong base effects.
According to official figure, wholesale inflation came down to a five-year low at 1.77 per cent in October while retail inflation hit a record low of 5.52 per cent in the same month.
“We maintain our positive view on the market and overweight stance on financials,” Nomura said, adding that the Sensex is trading at around 7 per cent premium to its 5-year average which “we think is not expensive”.
In August, Nomura had raised its BSE Sensex target to 30,310 for August 2015.
Stock markets have seen significant gains in 2014 and the BSE benchmark sensitive index (Sensex) has gained 7,268.23 points or 34.33 per cent so far this year.
The 30-share Sensex was trading 0.41 per cent down at 28,441.16 in the afternoon as the Reserve Bank did not cut the key interest rate, maintaining status quo at the monetary policy review today.
TAGS: Inflation Sensex And Nifty
More from indianmarkets

RBIs Raghuram Rajan says govt will review gold importnormsSugar prices under pressure over Brazilian dumping
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said the decision to scrap a rule mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country was a “reasonable” one and the government will review its gold import policies.
The RBI held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review on Tuesday, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments.
“The government decided that it was probably best at this point to scrap the rule and it has been scrapped,” Rajan said during a media interaction post policy.
ANALYSTS’ COMMENTARY: ‘Change in stance by Raghuram Rajan’s RBI very heartening’
RBI POLICY REVIEW: HIGHLIGHTS
“Of course, there are now further requests to change the duty structure that the government will review in its own good time and decide … I think the decision is reasonable and let us see how it plays out,” he said.
The governor also clarified that the central bank’s forward positions in foreign currency is “one reason” for conducting open market bond sales.
The central bank added a net $1.79 billion of up to one-year forwards in October, lower than the $2.6 billion added in the previous month, according to Reuters calculations based on data from the central bank’s website.
TAGS: Gold Imports Raghuram Rajan Reserve Bank Of India
More from commodities
‘Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT William D Dar, director general of International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (Icrisat) which has its global headquarters in Hyderabad, has transformed the organisation into one of the best international agricultural research for development (AR4D) centres in terms of innovative and inclusive research programmes for better financial health and stability. In an interaction […]

State-run banks gain on likely bond profits post RBI policyreviewRBI POLICY REVIEW: HIGHLIGHTS
Falling bond yields may lead to treasury gains on bond portfolios – Traders.
State-run banks are the biggest buyers of government debt in markets, so higher bond prices can boost their earnings.
The benchmark 10-year bond yield was at 8.01 pct at 0641 GMT, after earlier rising to as much as 8.11 pct.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) held interest rates steady, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year.
The 10-year bond yield has fallen 75 bps in 2014 so far, as of Monday’s close.
TAGS: RBI Policy Reserve Bank Of India
More from indianmarkets

Markets start pricing in early 2015 rate cut; rally tocontinueDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
India’s debt and swap markets rallied on Tuesday as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) reinforced expectations of an interest rate cut early next year.
The Reserve Bank of India held interest rates steady at a policy review earlier in the day, as widely expected, but said it could ease monetary policy by early 2015 depending on whether inflation cools further and on government efforts to shore up the country’s finances.
Indian markets initially extended losses in a knee-jerk reaction to the unchanged policy rates, but soon recovered as traders bet on monetary easing at the RBI’s next review in February.
The benchmark 10-year bond yield which rose 3 basis points (bps) in the immediate aftermath of the policy review, fell 6 bps on the day to 8 percent, its lowest level since July 22, 2013.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan says don’t intend to flip-flop on policy
RBI POLICY REVIEW: HIGHLIGHTS
Traders said they expect the debt and swap market rally to continue in the near-term, though the pace of the rally may slow until there is more clarity on the timing of the rate move.
“The bond market is running ahead, but there’s more conviction about policy easing by February,” said. Prasanna, economist with ICICI Securities Primary Dealership in Mumbai.
Banking stocks also rallied on rate cut bets while state-run banks gained on hopes for large treasury gains due to the fall in bond yields.
The NSE Bank index briefly turned positive after dropping as much as 0.5 percent earlier.
In the overnight indexed swap market, both the benchmark 5-year swap rate and the 1-year swap rate fell 13 bps each to 7.06 percent and 7.67 percent, respectively.
The two rates had ended at 7.16 percent and 7.75 percent, respectively, on Monday.
“OIS is pricing in cuts, but that doesn’t mean we can’t go any lower as everything depends on how fast the RBI cuts which in turn depends on how inflation pans out. I wouldn’t pay rates here but bonds definitely offer value,” said Kumar Rachapudi, a fixed income strategist with ANZ Bank in Singapore.
“The 10-year bond yield can move to 7.50 percent once the RBI starts cutting”.
TAGS: Markets RBI Policy Reserve Bank Of India
More from indianmarkets

Indias defence shares surge on foreign investment notification:AnalystsShares in India’s defence companies such as Bharat Electronics  and Astra Micro Wave Products gain over 5.5 pct.
Pipavav Defence and Offshore Engineering Co is up 0.7 pct, while Centum Electronics rises 1.4 pct.
Foreign direct investment limit in defence at 49 pct and that of foreign portfolios at 24 pct notified – Analysts.
TAGS: Bharat Electronics
More from indianmarkets

Morgan Stanley sets Dec 2015 BSE Sensex target at32 500Direct equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The bullishness in the Indian stock market is likely to continue and the benchmark Sensex will reach 32,500 by December 2015, Global brokerage firm Morgan Stanley said.
According to the global financial services major, Indian equities are benefiting from the start of a new growth cycle, a benign global environment resulting in a positive shift in terms of trade and reforms, which can lift India’s potential growth rate.
“Our December 2015 BSE Sensex target is 32,500,” Morgan Stanley said in a research note and added it is overweight on sectors like energy, consumer discretionary, financials and technology.
Stock markets have seen significant gains in 2014 and the Sensex has gained 7,268.23 points, or 34.33 per cent, so far this year.
“Sentiment is strong with support from flows and momentum – our market timing indicator suggests that market mood is buoyant though yet to hit exuberant territory,” it said.
The 30-share Sensex was trading 0.41 per cent down at 28,441.16 in the afternoon after the Reserve Bank kept the key interest rates unchanged today.
“Our view is the government’s reforms are on track and if these reforms progress well, we see upside risk to earnings estimates,” Morgan Stanley said.
Some key initiatives that have been taken by the Centre include: efforts to make India a better place to do business, tax reforms to kick start growth, fiscal consolidation to stem inflation, realignment of subsidies to make the economy more productive and boost to infra spend to lift growth.
While foreign flows have been strong in the past 12 months, in the coming 12-24 months Indian markets could see sharp rise in domestic flows into equities as explained earlier, the report said.
The report further said equities for now look less appealing against long bonds but the likely rate cuts in future could change that and could feed into equity valuations.
TAGS: BSE Sensex Morgan Stanley
More from indianmarkets

How Focused Are You on the Big Rocksreddit
Understanding how the world of work is changing and what trends are shaping the future of work is only a part of what organizations need to focus on. Of course, to take this to the next level some kind of action needs to take place. However, what I'm finding time and time again is that many organizations today are not focusing on the "big rocks." Now to fully understand this analogy you will have to watch the video below. The gist of the idea I'm trying to get across is to move beyond focusing on the superficial elements that might impact your organization and to instead focus on the core first. For example, many companies are experimenting with flexible work programs, collaborative technologies, getting rid of annual employee reviews, and the like. Now while these are all great they are the top layer of the future of work. These are the tactics, strategies, and perks that many organizations are focusing on (in the video below this is the gravel, water, and sand).
Instead we need to take a step back and ask ourselves some very basic questions:
• What does the future of work at our company look like?
• What does it mean to be an employee at our company and will we even have employees in the next decade?
• How do we want our managers to lead our organization and who should become a manager?
• What kind of corporate culture should we be striving to create and how does it relate to the future of work?
• Does our organization even need to have four walls?
These are the "big rocks" we need to focus on first, then we can worry about all the other nice things that go on top of them.
------ Jacob is an author, speaker, and futurist. You can learn more by visiting TheFutureOrganization.com. You can also subscribe to Jacob's newsletter to get weekly content on the future of work and the first 30 pages of his new book, The Future of Work.
Follow Jacob Morgan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jacobm
More:
Organization Culture Business Culture Offices Flexible Hours What Is Work Culture Work Culture Workplace Flexibility at Work Future of Work Future of Work 2014 Future of Workplace Future of Work Jacob Morgan Jacob Morgan The Future in 5
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

GSAT-16 ready for launch on December 5communication
(Spacecraft would be joined…)
BENGALURU: The country's multi-band communication satellite GSAT-16 is ready for launch on-board Arianespace's rocket on December 5 from the spaceport of Kourou, French Guiana, ISRO said today.
The launch is scheduled on early hours of Friday at 02:08 am (IST), ISRO said on its Facebook page.
The satellite with a lift-off mass of 3181.6 kg will be carrying C-band and Ku-band transponders to further augment communication services across - VSAT (very small aperture terminal) services, TV services and emergency communications - the country.
The spacecraft would be joined by its co-passenger DIRECTV-14, which was built by SSL (Space Systems/Loral) for operator DIRECTV to provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the US.
Arianespace on its website said, "Arianespace's sixth heavy-lift mission of 2014 has been given the go-ahead for Thursday's (Friday in India) liftoff from the Spaceport on a dual-passenger Ariane 5 flight carrying the DIRECTV-14 and GSAT-16 satellites."
After GSAT-16's injection into Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO), ISRO's Master Control Facility (MCF) at Hassan takes control of the satellite and performs the initial orbit raising manoeuvres using the satellite's on-board Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM), finally placing it in the vicinity of circular Geostationary Orbit.
After this, the deployment of appendages such as the solar panels, antennas and three axis stabilisation of the satellite will be performed. GSAT-16 will be positioned at 55 deg East longitude in the Geostationary orbit and co-located with GSAT-8, IRNSS-1A and IRNSS-1B satellites.
GSAT-16 will replace INSAT-3E , which expired a little prematurely in April.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jaipur: Fresh probe debunks bravery award winners kidnap bid claimsA fresh probe has concluded that a 16-year-old Jaipur girl’s claim of fending off four kidnappers– an act which won her the national bravery award for 2013 – was concocted, police said on Wednesday.
Malaika Tak (second from right) won the national bravery award for 2013. (HT File Photo)
Assistant commissioner of police Premdan said the reinvestigation “found the earlier investigation report to be true as none of the evidence corroborates the girl’s claims of a kidnapping bid”.
 
The reinvestigation report assumes significance in view of the growing debate over two Rohtak sisters, hailed as bravehearts for fending off three alleged molesters in a Haryana bus.
 
Like in the case of Jaipur girl Malaika Tak, there are now doubts over the Rohtak sisters’ claims with witnesses emerging to challenge their version.
 
Malaika, a class XI student, was honoured with the prestigious Geeta Chopra Award on Republic Day this year for fighting and foiling an attempt by four persons to kidnap her in February, 2013.
 
After the initial probe too police had debunked the girl’s claims which had prompted the Indian Council for Child Welfare (ICCW) to seek reinvestigation into the matter.
 
The council, which had taken cognisance of an HT report, had also asked the Jaipur district collector to file a report in this regard.
 
ICCW president Geeta Siddhartha had earlier told HT that Malaika was given the “benefit of doubt” pending re-investigation but added that action would be taken after getting the fresh report.
 
However, no one from the ICCW was available for comments on Wednesday.
 
Police sources said the fresh probe report is likely to be handed over to the ICCW “very soon”.
 
In a report submitted to a local court in Jaipur in December last year, the police had said that the incident “did not occur” and the case as “false”.
 
The police relied on CCTV footage from a computer shop located near the spot where the alleged incident took place on February 15, 2013.
 
“The CCTV images showed a biker approaching her and she had some altercation with him. There was no SUV and no kidnapping bid took place,” said a police officer on condition of anonymity.
 
The police report, a copy of which is with HT, had named nine independent witnesses who denied the occurrence of the incident.
 
Statements of the girl’s father Mukesh Tak and mother Nidhi were also mentioned in the report.

Rumour has it: Sherlock star Andrew Scott to play next James Bond villainComments
Andrew Scott already plays arch-nemesis Professor Jim Moriarty in Sherlock, but it looks like he is set to unleash his villainous side once again. The 38-year-old actor will be taking on the role as the evil enemy in the next James Bond movie, according to The Daily Mirror.
Sherlock actor Andrew Scott (left) and James Bond star Daniel Craig. (AFP)
The upcoming James Bond film, popularly called Bond 24, is expected to debut its official title and cast on Thursday. Our favourite villain will square off against Daniel Craig, who will reprise his role as James Bond in the film for the fourth time. The film is expected to go into production soon.
Comic book movie stars Léa Seydoux and Dave Bautista are rumored to be joining the film's cast, alongside Christoph Waltz, who will play the film's primary antagonist, reportedly Ernst Stavro Blofeld, James Bond's most recognizable and recurring villain.
Meanwhile, the cast and title of the 24th Bond movie will be announced on Thursday at a live event at the 007 Stage at Pinewood Studios, reports contactmusic.com.
Even as speculation was reaching fever pitch as to where director Sam Mendes and the team will take Bond's story after the huge success of Skyfall, it is likely that Lea Seydoux will be named the latest Bond girl and two-time Oscar winner Christoph Waltz will play the primary villain, reprising the classic character Ernst Stavro Blofeld.
Also, Naomie Harris will return as Moneypenny, Ralph Fiennes will reprise his role as spymaster M and Ben Whishaw will be seen as Q.
The team will have their work cut out to match the success of Skyfall which was the highest grossing film of all time in the UK. It is expected to be released in October 2015.

A changed woman: Niranjan Jyoti s rise to power   arroganceComments
The saffron-clad 47-year-old sadhvi or nun was just another first-time MP from Uttar Pradesh and perhaps a lucky entrant into the Union ministry until the nation got to hear her fiery, invective-laced speech at a Delhi poll rally.
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
People in Hamirpur, the constituency she represented as an MLA, said power has gone to the head of Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti — a former farmhand and hymn singer who rose through the BJP ranks to become the minister of state for food processing industries on her Parliament debut.
“Sadhvi mataria gayin rahein,” said Indivar Singh a resident of the town, known as the gateway to Bundelkhand. “Of late, she’s become arrogant.”
But Mahesh Awasthi, who has chronicled her political life, said she wasn’t like this. “She was simple and suave, always speaking softly and devoid of inhibitions.”
She gave a glimpse of her changed attitude when she allegedly threw a tantrum at Kanpur railway station last week for not sending an official vehicle for her. For that incident, she accused the Samajwadi Party government of conspiring to get her killed.
She was involved in an ugly spat over her choice of village in Fatehpur for adoption under the Adarsh Gram Yojana.
The Fatehpur administration found the village was well off and requested her to choose another one. But Jyoti dug her heels and her reaction led to protests that left one man dead. She has yet to adopt a village.
“She called names, including a derogatory word against UP minister Azam Khan. What she uttered in Delhi is a continuation of what she’s been doing,” Awasthi said.
Born into a community of poor boatmen in a village close to the Yamuna, Jyoti started young to lighten her father’s load of feeding a large family that was making ends meet with the produce from four bighas of land it owned and whatever little it could fetch from the river.
She used to catch fish in the Yamuna and sell them in the weekly village market, the yield hardly enough to augment the family income.
The young girl, whose educational qualification in her Lok Sabha profile reads intermediate, was forced to work as a day labourer at construction sites and fields as a farmhand.
Poverty and hunger drove her to satsangs or prayer gatherings where she found free food and emotional solace from the back-breaking work. “She was good at reciting the Bhagwad Gita and Guru Achootanand heard her at one such satsang. He was impressed and took her under his wings,” said Pradeep Singh Deepu of Fatehpur, who has known Jyoti since her early years.
At her religious guru’s insistence, Jyoti renounced the material world and became a sadhvi or nun.
By now she has earned quite a reputation as a katha vachak delivering religious sermons through storytelling; but Swami Parmanand, the vice-president of the VHP’s Ram Temple Margdarshak Mandal, recognised the young woman’s gift of gab and fiery tongue.
Jyoti made her political debut at height of Ram Janmabhoomi movement. “She was an impressive orator, eloquently juxtaposing religious analogies to bolter her speeches. And then, she spewed fire,” said Awasthi.
Local BJP old-timers believe it was her political mentor’s clout that secured her an assembly poll ticket for the Hamirpur seat in 2002. She lost, followed by another defeat in 2007.
The poll wind turned in her favour five years later when she became one of the three BJP MLAs from the Bundelkhand region, winning the Hamirpur seat.
Within a year, the party moved its backward face for Bundelkhand to Fatehpur Lok Sabha constituency and she won the seat handsomely.

Children drugged  tortured at Indian yoga guru s ashram in AustraliaChildren drugged, tortured at Indian yoga guru's ashram in Australia
IANS  Sydney, December 03, 2014
First Published: 19:47 IST(3/12/2014) | Last Updated: 21:52 IST(3/12/2014)
A public hearing here has revealed shocking details of cases of sex abuse in Australia by an Indian yoga guru, who died around 17 years ago, media reported on Wednesday.
A picture of the Mangrove Yoga Ashram as on their website, (Pic: http://www.satyananda.net/)
Children living at the ashram were starved, tortured and drugged, according to the evidence presented at the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse, the Sydney Morning Herald reported.
"I was forced to expose my genitals to ashram members and drugged with morphine for minor ailments," said a former child resident, given the pseudonym APK.
"Children as young as four were tortured at the ashram," she said.
APK moved to the ashram with her family when she was aged nine in 1978.
Her older sister, given the pseudonym APL, told the commission that sexual activity was banned at the ashram and those who disobeyed were punished by its leader, Swami Akhandananda Saraswati.
Children went on what they called "f*** patrol" across the ashram's grounds at Mangrove Mountain on the central coast to see if any adults were being intimate.
"If Akhandananda found out that any of the swamis were guilty he would publicly shame them and sometimes beat them," she said.
The commission heard that Akhandananda, who established the ashram in 1974, was a serial sex abuser who forced child residents into depraved acts for his own gratification.
Many such cases were reported from the Satyananda Yoga Ashram located on Mangrove Mountain, New South Wales, in the 1970s and 1980s.
Satyananda Yoga Ashram, which changed its name to Mangrove Yoga Ashram in 2012, and Swami Akhandananda Saraswati were later charged with over 35 sex offences against four teenaged girls.
Akhandananda was found guilty on lesser charges of indecency and was jailed in 1989 but his conviction was overturned six years before his death in 1997.
Eleven of the victims have contacted the commission and nine will give evidence during the two-week hearing.

Evidence Doesn t Support National RecallIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

US Stocks Trade Slightly Higher; Oil GainsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Naurex raises $80 million to advance depression treatmentNaurex raises $80 million to advance depression treatment
Norbert Riedel
Norbert Riedel is CEO of Evanston-based Naurex.
Norbert Riedel is CEO of Evanston-based Naurex. (Naurex photo)
Food and Drug Administration
Evanston company's GLYX-13 could alleviate depression symptoms in hours
Naurex, an Evanston-based biopharmaceutical company, has received $80 million in a Series C funding round to finance the clinical development of drugs — including one that it says could revolutionize the treatment of major depressive disorder.
The company, founded by Northwestern University professor Joseph Moskal in 2008, has been working on compounds to tweak the brain’s NMDA receptor to treat major depressive disorder. Naurex believes those compounds could also treat schizophrenia, anxiety and other central nervous system disorders.
0
Many medications available for depression change the balance of serotonin in the brain, Naurex CEO Norbert Riedel said.
“That class of antidepressants has been around for a long time — they’re largely marginal in efficacy and burdened with side effects,” Riedel said. 
Naurex’s lead molecule, GLYX-13, would be administered intravenously and alleviate symptoms of depression within hours, with results lasting up to seven days, Riedel said. That molecule is being developed as an adjunctive therapy, designed for patients who are already taking anti-depressants and not responding adequately.
Riedel said GLYX-13, which should enter its third and final testing phase next year, has been examined in more than 500 clinical trial subjects. If all goes as planned, Naurex will release the product commercially in 2019.
Another Naurex molecule in development, NRX-1074, will be taken orally and potentially be a “first-line therapy” for newly diagnosed patients. And with the new funding, Naurex hopes to file an Investigational New Drug application with the FDA for another molecule next year.
“This is not a single-trick pony,” Riedel said. “It’s a pipeline of molecules that all work in the same mechanism of modulating the NMDA reception and thereby makes for one of the strongest pipelines in the country — and probably globally.” 
New investors in the funding round include Cowen Group, EcoR1 Capital, Goudy Park Capital, Portola Capital Partners and Sabby Capital. Also participating were Adams Street Partners, Baxter Ventures, Druid BioVentures, Genesys Capital, H. Lundbeck A/S, Latterell Venture Partners, Northwestern University, PathoCapital, Savitr Capital and Takeda Ventures, all previous investors.
Riedel said the funding allows the company space to evaluate four eventual options — to forge ahead independently, partner with a large pharmaceutical company, entertain a company’s offer to acquire or go public. 
“This is a terrific testament to the value and potential in an area of enormous unmet need,” Riedel said.

The four-decade rise in state imprisonment  in one animated GIF(CBPP)
It’s no big secret that the state prison system is over-taxed.
Prisons in 17 states are over capacity  and, despite shrinking for a few years, it looks as if the prison population will return to its long-term trend toward growth, as we reported a few weeks ago:
Since the late 1970s, the state prison population essentially knew only one direction: up. But, in 2009, something changed. After all those years of growth, the prison population begin to shrink. And the trend held steady — well, until last year, when  growth made a comeback . Now, it seems, it may be here to stay.
The state prison population is poised to grow 3 percent by 2018, according to a  Pew Charitable Trusts review  of 34 state and outside group projections. Were the forecast accurate, it would suggest the old trend — decades of growth — may be back. Overall, that group is projected to swell by about 26,000 reaching nearly 945,000 in size four years from now, according to the data Pew collected last month and published Tuesday.
On Wednesday, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities’s Nick Kasprak, Michael Mitchell, and Rob Cady published the interactive map below that shows just how much the imprisonment rate has swelled in each state: there isn’t a single one that hasn’t seen substantial growth.
North Carolina saw its imprisonment rate per 100,000 residents grow the least: 66 percent from 1978 to 2013. North Dakota’s grew the most, increasing nearly tenfold. Imprisonment rates more than tripled in 36 states.
Part of the reason behind North Dakota’s huge growth is that it started at the very bottom among states in 1978 with an imprisonment rate of just 21 per 100,000 residents. In 2013, Louisiana’s rate was largest, at 847 per 100,000 residents. In 44 states, the 2013 imprisonment rate was above the highest rate (234 per 100,000 residents in South Carolina) in 1978.
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Republicans prolong their immigration agonyBy James Downie December 3 Follow @jamescdownie
From left, House Speaker John Boehner, President Obama, Sen. Mitch McConnell and Sen. Chuck Schumer at a luncheon at the White House last month. (Larry Downing/Reuters)
I am old enough to remember when Barack Obama’s presidency was assumed to be all but over. Three weeks later, he has put his Republican foes in Congress in a tight spot, as they struggle with how to respond to the president’s executive order temporarily legalizing millions of undocumented immigrants . Determined to avoid a government shutdown, House Speaker John Boehner and soon-to-be Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have figured out a temporary solution, but GOP leaders appear to have no answer as to how they will eventually decide between their base’s views on immigration and the rest of the country’s.
For now, as my colleague Dana Milbank writes , Boehner and his allies’ solution is just symbolic: “[T]hey plan to keep the government running through Sept. 30, probably allowing immigration-related spending to lapse earlier next year. This would be paired with a symbolic vote blocking Obama’s executive actions.” More specifically, the first bill would separate funding for the Department of Homeland Security from the funding for the rest of the government. (Some have argued that since U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, which would carry out most of Obama’s executive order, runs on fees, Republicans can’t really defund it, but the Federalist’s Sean Davis points out that the GOP could include a rider prohibiting CIS from touching those fees .) The second bill’s author, Rep. Ted Yoho (R-Fla.), admits that the “symbolic vote” will mean nothing in the lame-duck session, since Democrats control the Senate. Indeed, the GOP leadership’s pitch is heavily dependent on the fact that a government funding bill has to be passed now while Democrats still hold one chamber. “I think they understand that it’s going to be difficult to take meaningful action as long as we’ve got Democratic control of the Senate,” Boehner told reporters.
Speaker of the House John Boehner urged passage of a bill to condemn President Obama's action on immigration during a news conference on Thursday. (AP)
It should be noted that this legislative two-step may not even pass: “Hardline conservatives who have caused problems for leaders for years were not falling in line” as of Tuesday afternoon, reports Politico . “These conservatives estimate their ranks are 30 to 40, enough to derail a vote.”And it wouldn’t be the first time that House GOP leadership has overestimated support  or been unable to round up the votes  for its chosen bill. But assuming that Boehner does get something like his plan to pass the House, there’s one much larger problem: The next time the funding bill comes up, Boehner and company won’t have the excuse of a Senate minority anymore, and they don’t seem to have any idea what to do without that dodge.
Assuming Republicans split the “immigration-related spending” from the rest of the government (i.e. spending on the Department of Homeland Security), what happens a few months from now, when the DHS’s funding comes up for reauthorization? Do Republicans block the president’s nominees, as Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) and others have suggested , whether or not they have anything to do with Obama’s immigration order? Do they change their mind and decide to shut down the government or the DHS, despite their claims so far to the contrary? Either of those options will almost certainly lead to public backlash and, in the latter case, serious hurt for millions of Americans should the shutdown drag on.
The far right already knows how this shell game is going to play out. Red State’s Erick Erickson says , “[T]hey have no intention of stopping him. In fact, they will enable him and fund his plans.” Hot Air’s Allahpundit writes , “Think Boehner and McConnell are going to pull the plug on DHS in March and risk a White House media campaign along these lines, at a moment when people like [Chris] Christie and [Marco] Rubio are announcing they’re running for president to rebuild America’s national defense? Me neither.” And their champions on Capitol Hill are making similar arguments: Politico reports “Sens. Jeff Sessions of Alabama, David Vitter of Louisiana and Mike Lee of Utah all began to blast the House GOP leadership’s plan on Tuesday afternoon, arguing that the House needs to block funding for implementation of Obama’s executive action now.”
And GOP leadership appears to know it’s out of moves. National Review’s Joel Gehrke reports that “Senate Republicans had no appetite for discussing how to thwart President Obama’s executive orders on immigration during the conference’s weekly lunch.” When Vitter and Lee tried to bring up fighting Obama, says one of Gehrke’s sources, “it was like [Lee and Vitter] were standing up and speaking in Latin.” The House leadership, as far as any reports indicate, has not given any real sense of a plan either.
Of course, Boehner and company couldn’t be seen as capitulating after the first fight. But the signs suggest Obama has put the GOP leadership in a position where its best choice is to prolong its agony. Not bad for a “lame duck” president.
James Downie is The Washington Post’s Digital Opinions Editor. He previously wrote for The New Republic and Foreign Policy magazine.

Boeing completes test flight with  green die...Boeing completes test flight with 'green diesel'
AFP Dec 3, 2014, 10.47PM IST
Tags:
Boeing
(Boeing announced Wednesday…)
NEW YORK: Boeing announced Wednesday that it completed the first test flight with "green diesel," which offers potential for reducing greenhouse gas emissions in aviation.
A Boeing 787 dubbed the ecoDemonstrator successfully flew with 85 percent conventional fuel and 15 percent green diesel, the company said.
The "green" fuel is made from vegetable oils, waste cooking oil and waste animal fats. It has previously been used for ground transportation, but not for aviation.
"Green diesel offers a tremendous opportunity to make sustainable aviation biofuel more available and more affordable for our customers," said Julie Felgar , a director of environmental strategy at Boeing's commercial airplane unit.
"We will provide data from several ecoDemonstrator flights to support efforts to approve this fuel for commercial aviation and help meet our industry's environmental goals."
Boeing said green diesel could soon supply as much as one percent of global jet fuel demand. The aerospace giant said that with US government incentives, the fuel is near price parity with conventional jet fuel.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What 8.5 hours of Redskins misery sports radio sounds likeBy Dan Steinberg December 3 Follow @dcsportsbog
(Dan Steinberg / The Washington Post)
“One hour down, seven and a half to go,” Grant Paulsen said around 11 a.m. on Tuesday morning, 60 minutes into an eight-and-a-half hour sports-radio program.
“No more updates, please,” Chad Dukes said.
But there would be more updates, and more countdowns. About radio — “four and a half more hours, that’s all,” Dukes said later. “Ninety-seconds, and then we’re back, and then we’ll do another three and a half hours,” he said before a commercial break. “Grant and Danny have been here for 7 hours and 51 minutes,” he said, when it was almost over.
And about the awful football season that begat this marathon session.
“What do we have, four games left?” Redskins wide receiver Santana Moss asked later in the afternoon, during an on-site appearance.
Three weeks ago, Paulsen, his 106.7 The Fan partner Danny Rouhier, and afternoon drive host Dukes volunteered to do a joint nine-hour show if the Redskins lost at home to the Buccaneers, so sure were they that the Redskins would not lose. The Redskins lost.
Punch drunk after eight hours of piecing through the wreckage of that loss, the three hosts promised to do a similar marathon after each successive loss, until the team won again. That hasn’t happened yet.
And so Tuesday morning they gathered at Centreville’s Velocity 5 to do eight and a half hours of sports-radio yapping about a football team that has already been yapped into dust.
“The Redskins are getting to the point where there’s almost not much more to talk about,” Eric Bickel had said on that same station Tuesday morning.
Which is why the trio of hosts didn’t just talk about the Redskins during their 510 minutes together. They talked about the Wizards and the Capitals. They talked about the Browns and the Cavaliers. They talked about video games, Star Wars, and taco chili casserole. They swapped lists of their five favorite things in the world and took suggestions from callers; one fellow included meatloaf, YouTube videos and Trent Dilfer among his five favorite things on earth. But the common theme — as morning turned to afternoon, afternoon slid into evening, and another day slipped away — had a burgundy and gold tint.
You are looking live at #CDGDVTW here at Velocity Five in Centreville. 10-630 today. pic.twitter.com/RT0kWEL543
— Brendan Darr (@BrendanDarr) December 2, 2014
“Let’s start with the football team,” Paulsen said in the first segment of the day. “Looks like they’re in the HOV lane right now to another 3-13 season, the way things are playing out.”
He then asked his co-hosts, and listeners, to explain why they would still be watching the final four games. Rouhier went first.
“I like to remember the sadness,” Rouhier said. “I like to remember that the pain is happening, while it’s happening, just in case it ever works out….I will sit there and peel my eyeballs open and make sure that I see every bit of the misery and sadness.”
It’s a speech made more evocative by the circumstances: a deserted suburban sports bar on a miserably rainy December morning, with an audience of empty tables and sagging gray clouds, all flouting their indifference to bad football. Dukes offered $20 to the first listener who showed up to the live show; a well-dressed gentleman soon entered the restaurant, claimed the $20 bill, and left.
The scene, of course, changed as the day dragged on. There was a modest lunch crowd, mostly guys, mostly alone, eating their wings and quesadillas to a sports-talk soundtrack. There was a fairly rowdy mid-afternoon crowd, perhaps there to see Redskins long snapper Nick Sundberg and punter Tress Way, who did several segments on-air to promote Way’s Pro Bowl candidacy.
“We need you guys to win a football game,” Dukes told the players  at one point.
“I’ll try to snap the ball harder, see if that helps,” Sundberg offered.
#CDGDVTW RT @granthpaulsen : Thanks to @NickSundberg and @Tress_Way for coming out to the show today. Fun times. pic.twitter.com/MJtGWzFoYr
— 106.7 The Fan (@1067thefandc) December 2, 2014
The players remained at the restaurant long after their segments ended, howling with laughter at one-liners, some of which came at their team’s expense.
“It’s hard for me not to listen to these guys,” said Sundberg, who has become friends with many of the station’s hosts.
“I never did listen to sports radio, but Nick got me into it,” Way explained. “It’s media. You’ve got to deal with it. The best thing you can do is play well so they don’t have anything bad to say about you.”
(Sadly, this openness does not extend to print media. “I don’t ever read the press,” Way confessed. “That’s for my family.”)
By early evening, a large crowd had gathered, lured by happy hour, or an early dinner, or the presence of Moss, who makes a weekly Tuesday appearance with Dukes at Velocity 5. Moss signed autographs and interacted with fans, but he didn’t evince much more happiness than the hosts.
“Honestly, I’ve been pissed, I’ve just been pissed from watching it, because I know how much better we can be as an offense, and how special we can be as a team,” Moss said. “But you go through these [stretches], man. And unfortunately, I’ve been through a lot of them. Ten years, I’ve been through more losing seasons than I have winning seasons here. You just hang in there, and you keep clawing, you keep fighting. Because if you’re able to do that, you should see that sun one day. And it hasn’t been sunny for a while here.”
Not on Tuesday, anyhow. When the guests were gone, there were discussions about this team’s architect (Bruce Allen), its head coach (Jay Gruden), its besieged defensive coordinator (Jim Haslett), and yes, its quarterbacks, Mark Brunell and Donovan McNabb, Rex Grossman and John Beck, Robert Griffin and Kirk Cousins and Colt McCoy and probably Norm Snead and Billy Kilmer. Heck, they even talked about Vinny Cerrato.
“It’s monotonous, it gets repetitive, it gets testy, because these guys have been saying the same thing [for hours],” said Robert Bode, who produces Dukes’s show. “I can’t even imagine being back in the studio again. We’ll just be banging our heads against the wall.”
At one point, a listener named Thomas Deriso approached the hosts and asked whether other cities take the same approach to team-building, demonstrating by slamming his palm into his head again and again.
For much of the morning, two Wizards games played on televisions inside the restaurant: a replay of a recent win over the Pelicans on NBA TV, and a replay of a recent win over the Heat on Comcast SportsNet. This is where the critics of local sports-radio stations — and of local newspapers — will chime in and ask why. Why talk about the flailing Redskins when more successful franchises press on in relative silence? Why let the football team maintain its sway over sports media?
But there’s something compelling, in a grisly sort of way, about the end of a bad Redskins season. Sure it’s monotonous: the games, the seasons, the decades blending into each other. But it’s monotonous in the way snow coverage and mid-term elections are monotonous. These things are a part of Washington’s landscape. They arrive on cue, and we all go through them together, waiting to see in what strange way this year’s over-hyped blizzard or 4-12 season will be different.
“If you’re going to be talking about a loss, to do it in the normal way, on a Monday after, we’ve watched that movie,” Paulsen said during a break. “We’ve done that a hundred times. This makes it feel different and kind of fresh.”
“It’s a coping mechanism,” said Rouhier, who has had to secure extra childcare to cover him during the marathon shows. “I have a comedy background, and that’s what comedy is: it’s tragedy and time put together. This is a remix of the same irritated, angry, upset, ticked-off feelings that every fan experiences every Sunday when [the Redskins] do something terrible. This is a different way to cope with it. And this will get old, too, eventually. It may already have.”
But a deal is a deal, and four weeks remain. In a worst-case scenario, that means four more marathon shows, well over 24 hours of stirring around the same stew of questions and regret. I asked whether the hosts were almost hoping for more losses, so the bit could live on.
“Oh no,” Paulsen said. “They need to win immediately.”
“Right now, I’d like for it to be over,” Dukes agreed.
He was talking about the show. He could have been talking about the season.
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Virginia wants to force universities to report every rape to the police. That wont address UVas real problem.By Max Ehrenfreund December 3 Follow @MaxEhrenfreund
Students rally against rape at the University of Virginia (AP/The Daily Progress, Ryan M. Kelly)
Following a harrowing Rolling Stone story on the gang rape of a University of Virginia student, several state lawmakers are proposing new legislation that would require university officials to notify the police when they receive a report of sexual violence against students -- or potentially face prosecution themselves.
The bills are a response to the Rolling Stone report, which describes the university failing to respond appropriately to the rape. There are several competing legislative proposals, but the basic idea has broad support among lawmakers of both parties. The school's president, Teresa Sullivan, has also been talking with police about taking some discretion away from victims of rape who might not want law enforcement to investigate.
Currently, the school's "emphasis is on giving choices to the survivors and letting them understand and choose their course of action," Sullivan said Monday . But she added that while some victims prefer not to involve police, law enforcement must be able to work quickly to collect evidence. "The very experience of the trauma can interfere with decision-making," she said.
At the University of Virginia, the key problem appears to have been unresponsive school officials -- not unresponsive cops. The victims described in the Rolling Stone account could have sought the police's help if they wanted it, but they did not. Now, many are saying that police should be involved in every alleged case of sexual violence.
But some advocates for victims suggest that mandatory reporting to police could have unintended consequences -- while ignoring the real issues of college administrators not doing enough to stop sexual assault. It could make campuses even more dangerous, they say, by discouraging students from reporting sexual assault and preventing administrators from getting the information they need to keep students safe.
Some victims of rape  say  they would not have notified their university if they school officials had been required to report the incident to police. Victims, some say, might not want the attention and scrutiny that comes from a criminal investigation. Others may be uncomfortable with the idea of repeatedly describing in detail what happened to them to law enforcement officers.
Rape is "a horribly traumatic experience" that victims are reluctant to discuss, especially with law enforcement, said Nancy Cantalupo, a researcher at the Georgetown Law Center and specialist in victims' rights law. "It's just a different kind of calculus for a victim to talk to someone to anyone, about the violence."
Some experts on sexual violence say there are many reasons that an estimated 80 percent  of rape victims never take their concerns to the police. Victims of rape often feel intense shame, and so want as few people as possible to know about what happened. Victims of sexual assault may not be familiar with the details of the law and might not trust law enforcement to respect their wishes.
"I have concerns about mandating referrals to law enforcement," said Alison Kiss, director of the Clery Center for Security on Campus. "It could lead to less reporting."
Such proposals represent a "misplaced faith in the criminal law that is not shared by many survivors of sexual violence," Alexandra Brodsky, a writer and activist, wrote earlier this year. "The first warning sign: Students’ insistence that tying the school system to the police would discourage survivors from reporting."
Brodsky writes that requiring every alleged rape to be reported to police would distract from universities' own legal responsibility to protect women on campus.
Instead of a criminal investigation, victims of sexual violence might do better with the kind of help that a school can provide without help from the police, advocates say. They might need counseling and  time off from school . If they are in classes with alleged perpetrators, then the school can shuffle their schedules to separate them. In some cases, suspension or expulsion will be the only sure way of keeping other students safe. Legally, schools don't need the same kind of proof to expel someone as a jury does to convict.
Cantalupo suggests that lawmakers in Richmond looking for a way to reduce sexual violence on campus consider requiring that universities administer mandatory, anonymous surveys on sexual violence and release the results publicly. The results would go a long way toward clarifying the extent of the problem and would embarrass administrators into finding ways of solving it.
Supporters of the legislation say it is still important for police to intervene--and quickly. A typical rapist commits rape more than once.
Virginia Del. Rob Bell, a Republican who represents Charlottesville and a sponsor of one bill, has  said  that police would not have to pursue an investigation after being notified, but that they need to collect evidence right away. A victim and a prosecutor could make a decision later about whether to bring criminal charges.
Writing for Bloomberg about Jackie, the female student in the Rolling Stone story,  Megan McArdle  calls for police to investigate immediately "even if Jackie (the victim) is reluctant to assist."
The goal of Virginia officials, helping police to collect evidence, is different from that of a California law signed by Gov. Jerry Brown earlier this year that allows victims of sexual assault to remain anonymous even as their cases are submitted to the police.
Apprehending, prosecuting and jailing students who commit rape could be one way of reducing violence on campus. The data, however, show that law enforcement hasn't been particularly effective at prosecuting cases -- one reason some victims rights groups are skeptical of a law compelling police involvement.
A recent analysis by the Orlando Sentinel found that although 55 rapes were reported to campus police at Florida's public universities in 2012 and 2013, arrests were made in only five cases, none of which led to a conviction.
Those disappointing number match the national data on rape: According to the FBI , 79,770 rapes were reported to law enforcement in 2013. Police made only 16,863 arrests .
The odds for successful prosecutions are even lower. Some experts  argue that prosecutors and police officers tend not to believe the victims of rape and don't pursue these cases as vigorously they otherwise would.
Reports of sexual violence on campus increased sharply this year following  federally mandated changes to university policies.
Each school was required to set up a straightforward process for dealing with complaints about sexual assault that operates alongside the formal criminal-justice system. At Occidental College, for example, the number of reports increased from 11 in 2012 to 64 in 2013 . The popularity of this approach with students suggests many were nervous about going to the police, but came forward when they had another option.
Max Ehrenfreund is a blogger on the Financial desk and writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

Taj Mansingh may get 6th lease extensionTaj Mansingh may get 6th lease extension
Arijit Paladhi | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 12:45 AM IST
Indian Hotels Company Limited (IHCL) is likely to get yet another extension, the sixth one, to continue operations of the Taj Mahal Hotel in New Delhi. Colloquially referred to by the road on which the hotel is located, Taj Mansingh's current lease expires on January 31, 2015. The fifth lease extension, of six months, was granted to IHCL by New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) after the previous one expired on July 31, 2014.
IHCL's case over the property is coming up for hearing on February 23, 2015 in the Delhi High Court. IHCL had earlier filed an injunction in the Delhi HC to get a stay on the proposed auction, claiming equity in the hotel property's construction.
While the land and property belong to NDMC, IHCL has signed a 33-year lease agreement for managing the property. That lease expired in October 2011, after which auctioning of the property was due. However, there have been five lease extensions since 2011.
While the lease is valid till January 31, model code of conduct would kick in ahead of the Delhi Assembly election expected anytime between January-end and the first week of February. That could result in yet another lease extension for Taj Mansingh as NDMC would not be allowed to make any announcements during the model code of conduct.
"We haven't received any instructions from the home ministry till now," said a senior NDMC official. The NDMC has not been able to get clarity on whether to give the Taj group the right of first refusal, or ROFR, after the ministry raised objections to this. Home ministry's instructions are expected to be based on the legal advice it gets from the Solicitor General.
In 2013, the home ministry, NDMC's parent organisation, had asked for an explanation for the delay in auctioning the land where Taj Mansingh is located and slapped a showcause notice. Following this, NDMC sought home ministry's permission and approached the Solicitor General for legal advice about how to proceed in the Taj Mansingh issue.

Meet the new Republican problem. Same as the old Republican problem.By Chris Cillizza December 3 Follow @thefix
House Speaker John Boehner. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
Stop me if you've heard this one before: Speaker John Boehner lays out a strategy to avoid a government shutdown showdown with President Obama. Tea party-aligned Republicans in the House and Senate complain about the Boehner plan, calling it insufficiently loyal to core convictions and too easy on Obama. Cue mishigas.
Had you been able to, you would have stopped me about halfway through that last paragraph. That's because the debate currently underway among congressional Republicans about funding the government and dealing with Obama's executive action on immigration is the exact same debate the party has been having on Capitol Hill in one form or another for the better part of the last two years. Last month's election may have added to the GOP ranks in both chambers, but it did not solve the fundamental problem that plagues the party. And that problem, simply stated is this: There are some Republicans who see any compromise as capitulation and any victory won without a fight as something short of a "real" victory.
Here's Politico on that group :
These hard-line Republicans are already expressing their dissatisfaction with the plan outlined by Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) during a closed door meeting Tuesday morning. Instead of a spending bill that keeps the government funded through September with a chance to review the the Department of Homeland Security’s funding in March, the lawmakers want to pass a much shorter resolution....
.... These conservatives estimate the number of Republican “no” votes to be near 30 to 40 — enough to derail a vote on the government funding bill if Democrats oppose the measure.
As we have documented in this space in the past, there are somewhere between 15 and 45 House Republicans in the 113th Congress, which is in its dying days now, who regularly oppose Boehner on key votes on the House floor . (We once referred to them as " cast-iron conservatives. ") There is a smaller group in the Senate -- Ted Cruz (Tex.), Mike Lee (Utah), Jeff Sessions (Ala.), to name three -- but they are a vocal minority.
The problem for Boehner, as mentioned in the Politico excerpt above, is that if 30 to 40 Republicans revolt against his funding proposal -- essentially to fund all of the government but the Department of Homeland Security through the next fiscal year -- he doesn't have enough votes to pass it, since Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (Calif.) has zero interest in helping him out. If Boehner needs Democratic votes, he would have to tailor the bill to appease those Democrats, a move that could/would cost him more Republican votes. It would also be a violation of the Hastert Rule , which, at this point, has been broken so many times we should probably just shelve it.
It remains to be seen whether the 114th Congress will solve this long-lasting problem for Boehner. The 114th will not only include more House Republicans but also more -- like Bob Dold (Ill.) and Frank Guinta (N.H.) -- who want and need to find compromises.
It's also not clear whether the negative effects of the last shutdown, which fell most heavily on Republicans , and/or Boehner's work in guiding Republicans to a winning 2014 strategy, might change some members' calculus between now and next week.
As of today though, Boehner is where he's been for much of the last two years: Stuck in the middle. And that's a terrible place to be in politics.
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.

DRI for better intel sharing among SAARCnationsWritten by Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:18 am
The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) is set to push for a new framework for intelligence sharing among the five countries in the SAARC region for combating customs violations, fake currency, drugs and smuggling of ozone depleting substances.
Last year, the directorate had started a regional customs enforcement meeting with counterparts from Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, Myanmar and Sri Lanka.
On December 4, the heads of customs enforcement agencies of these five countries will be in Delhi to attend the DRI Day celebration followed by a meeting where the new proposal is likely to be adopted.
Since the initiative was launched last year, DRI has shared approximately 20 intelligence incidents to these countries despite the customs mutual agreement between these nations. The agreement restricts the sharing of information on a case-to-case basis once investigation finds trails to these countries.
According to the data to be released on DRI Day, the directorate has detected Rs 1,000 crore worth of duty evasion where show cause notices have been issued while Rs 500 crore have been recovered in the ongoing financial year.
The data also shows that there has been a spike in gold smuggling incidents. While 100 cases involving Rs 150 crore were detected this year, 60 incidents involving Rs 75 crore were reported last year. Since, import duty on gold was raised in 2012 budget, incidents of gold smuggling have gone up.
According to DRI officials, the new modus operandi has been to smuggle gold into India from neighbouring countries such as Nepal and Myanmar.

CBI defends court summon of Mittal RuiaWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:16 am
Describing them as the “mind and nerve-centre” of the accused companies, the CBI on Wednesday justified a decision of the 2G trial court to summon Bharti Cellular CMD Sunil Bharti Mittal and Essar Group promoter Ravi Ruia in a case over allocation of additional spectrum in 2002.
“The fact that they were the controlling minds of the company are the matter of evidence. They have been summoned and they have an opportunity to seek discharge before the trial court. A person or a group of persons, who have been the guiding force behind a company, are responsible for the alleged criminal act of the company,” CBI counsel K K Venugopal told a bench led by Chief Justice H L Dattu.
He said that “guilty minds of directors or managers constitute the criminal offence of a company too” and that the CBI had evidence of Mittal’s meetings to get additional spectrum for Bharti Cellular Ltd. Venugopal said that such evidence was not available in Ruia’s case but the agency could investigate further.
The bench is hearing by Mittal and Ruia against an order of the 2G trial judge to summon them although the chargesheet did not name them. They have sought quashing of the summoning orders. The court will resume hearing on Thursday.

As Obama visits  panel set up to fast-trackbizBy: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:15 am
Ahead of the visit of US President Barack Obama as chief guest on the Republic Day next month, the government has set up an inter-ministerial committee to fast-track investment proposals from American companies.
According to a statement issued by the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP), the committee will identify the bottlenecks faced by the US investors in the country, which was ranked 142nd of 189 in the latest Doing Business report of the World Bank, and address them in consultation with all other agencies and state governments concerned. All the sectors of interest for the US companies will be looked into by the high-level panel to ensure that the opportunities of investment and technology transfer are fully exploited.
The committee, headed by DIPP secretary Amitabh Kant, comprises officials from the ministries including finance, environment, power, road transport and highways, railways, IT, defence, civil aviation, pharmaceuticals, telecom, external affairs and health.
The move comes amid New Delhi and Washington resolving their differences on food security issues to conclude a global customs pact of the WTO that was earlier deferred owing to India’s concerns.
After taking over, the BJP-led government has been working on improving the investment condition in the country to attract foreign investors and create jobs. Apart from taking measures like relaxing foreign direct investment norms in sectors including defence, construction and railways, the government has also constituted cells for grievance redressal of investors to promote manufacturing through ‘Make in India’ campaign. Of India’s total trade, trade with the US is over 8 per cent.
Exports to the US stood at $39.14 billion in 2013-14 while imports were $22.50 billion during the period.

http://usat.ly/12nBkX0FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Google to revamp its products with 12-and-younger focus
Google will begin rolling out under-13 versions of its suite of products - such as search and YouTube - beginning early next year
Post to Facebook
Google to revamp its products with 12-and-younger focus Google will begin rolling out under-13 versions of its suite of products - such as search and YouTube - beginning early next year Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CFSgsM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Google to revamp its products with 12-and-younger focus
Marco della Cava , USA TODAY 4:42 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
A profile of Pavni Diwanji, VP of engineering at Google, who is being tasked with leading Google's upcoming initiative to make their suite of products, from Gmail to YouTube, more kid friendly.
Pavni Diwanji, VP of engineering at Google.
(Photo: Martin E. Klimek, USA TODAY)
2966 CONNECT 1045 TWEET 437 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — With Google processing 40,000 search queries a second — or 1.2 trillion a year — it's a safe bet that many of those doing the Googling are kids.
Little surprise then that beginning next year the tech giant plans to create specific versions of its most popular products for those 12 and younger. The most likely candidates are those that are already popular with a broad age group, such as search, YouTube and Chrome.
"The big motivator inside the company is everyone is having kids, so there's a push to change our products to be fun and safe for children," Pavni Diwanji, the vice president of engineering charged with leading the new initiative, told USA TODAY.
"We expect this to be controversial, but the simple truth is kids already have the technology in schools and at home," says the mother of two daughters, ages 8 and 13. "So the better approach is to simply see to it that the tech is used in a better way."
Google would not offer a timetable for the rollout. But executives noted this will be a full-time effort that comes on the heels of recent kid-centric efforts such as its virtual Maker Camp, Doodle 4 Google competition and Made with Code initiative, which Thursday will see the lights of White House Christmas trees illuminated based on coding programs created by kids from coast to coast.
"We want to be thoughtful about what we do, giving parents the right tools to oversee their kids' use of our products," says Diwanji, who will attend the White House ceremony. "We want kids to be safe, but ultimately it's about helping them be more than just pure consumers of tech, but creators, too."
Controversy may well follow in the wake of Google's drive. While tech companies are always seeking out new markets, which in turn expand their user base and ultimately drive up revenue, traditionally kids younger than 13 have been off limits.
The Federal Trade Commission's Children's Online Privacy Protection Act so far has levied fines against 20 companies in its 15-year history for mining young user information without parental consent. In September, Yelp was fined $450,000 for failing to implement a functional age screen in its ratings app.
"We aren't looking to play gotcha, it's just about kids being protected and promoting business compliance," says Maneesha Mithal, associate director of the FTC's privacy and identity protection division.
Mithal says COPPA has been updated a number of times in the past decade to reflect the exponential growth of tech trends. Specifically, the act has been amended to include provisions for everything from geolocation data gleaned from mobile devices to photo- and voice-uploading protocols on social networking sites.
"One of the great things about technology is that we should be able to create safe places for kids," Mithal says. "We don't want to stifle that as long as parents are in the driver's seat."
But parents may have a tough time keeping track of everything their kids are into tech-wise, says Marc Rotenberg, president of the watchdog group, Electronic Privacy Information Center.
"The prospect of audio-based advertising targeting our children is very real, and that's significant when you're talking about an age group that is very susceptible to manipulation," Rotenberg says. "The FTC will have to step up on this. I don't think we want a world where our kids are sold things they don't need."
Diwanji says she understands those concerns, but adds that as a parent she "is a big believer in coaching moments for kids, rather than just blocking what they can do. I want to enable trust in them. Thirteen isn't some magical number. I want to teach them what's right and wrong, and bring families together using technology."
If Google has a skunkworks for this kid project, it's a small room in its Mountain View, Calif., headquarters dubbed the Kids Studio, where children of employees are encouraged to spend hours tinkering with various prototype projects.
Diwanji says that watching those kids tinker reminds her that a child's-eye-view of, say, the Google search engine isn't remotely the same as an adult's. That fact was brought home by her younger daughter, who after Googling "trains" was stunned to see a list of Amtrak train schedules pop up.
"She came to me and said, 'Mommy, you should tell Google about Thomas the Tank Engine, because Google obviously doesn't know about him,'" Diwanji says, laughing.
Her point: User experiences for a range of Google products are ripe for under-13 makeovers. What also is being worked out are the ways in which parents will be able to oversee their child's interactions with Google's technologies, perhaps limiting usage to set time frames.
"We want to enable supervision but not be regimental," says Diwanji during a visit to Google's San Francisco outpost. "But that's challenging because no two parents are alike. I have friends who are helicopter parents and others are even more liberal than me, but everyone has to be accommodated by whatever we create."
Diwanji seems the right person for this push into unchartered waters. Growing up in a middle-class family in western India, she was technologically precocious, winning a coding content in seventh grade and eventually studying computer science as the only woman in her university program.
When she was accepted at Stanford University for a master's degree in computer science, her father had to mortgage parts of his small software company in order to pay for just one quarter of his daughter's graduate school education.
"I was determined to stay," she says with a smile, describing how she approached a range of professors before finally landing financial assistance to complete her degree. A Sun Microsystems job and two start-ups later, she landed a job at Google a decade back.
"This is perhaps one of my greatest challenges," she says. "We want to lay the foundation right, and then make sure every single part of Google is great for kids. They are the future, so why not give them the tools to let them create it."
2966 CONNECT 1045 TWEET 437 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CFSgsM
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Obama rallies business leaders to boost agendaBy David Nakamura December 3 Follow @davidnakamura
President Obama told business leaders Wednesday that the United States remains in a strong economic position globally, but he emphasized that Washington must break through political gridlock to maintain that edge.
President Obama gestures toward the crowd as they respond to his words while he speaks about the economy after participating in a roundtable discussion with working parents, small business owners, students and faculty, on Oct. 31, in Rhode Island. (Stephan Savoia/AP)
As he has before, Obama cited tax reform, trade and infrastructure as areas where he hopes to cut deals with Republicans, and he added that if progress is made in those areas, then perhaps the parties could revisit immigration reform legislation later next year.
"I suspect that temperatures need to cool a little bit in the wake of my executive actions," Obama said of immigration, during an appearance before the Business Roundtable. "I don’t think that that’s something that this Congress will be able to do right away. My suspicion is they’ll take a couple of stabs at rolling back what I’ve done, and then perhaps folks will step back and say, 'Well, rather than just do something partial that we may not be completely satisfied with, let’s engage with the president to see if we can do something more comprehensive that addresses some of our concerns,' but also addresses my concerns as well."
Obama, who is scheduled to meet with incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) on Wednesday afternoon at the White House,  suggested "there is definitely a deal to be done" on corporate tax reform and said it would be crucial to cut a deal on taxes as a way to provide new revenue to invest in infrastructure.
Reflecting on his recent trip to an economic summit in China, Obama marveled at the hotel and conference center where he stayed in Beijing and said: "One thing is that if they need to build some stuff, they can build it. Over time, that wears away our advantage competitively. It's embarrassing."
The conference center, he added "would put most conference centers here to shame. It was built in a year. Now, you've got an authoritarian government that isn't necessarily accountable. I understand we're not going to do that. But if they're able to build their ports, their airports, their smart grid, their air traffic control systems, their broadband systems with that rapidity, and they're superior to ours, over time that's going to be a problem for us."
On trade, where Obama's push to finalize a pair of multi-nation free trade pacts has been opposed by fellow Democrats, the president indicated he would push forward to enlist support from his own party.
"Those who oppose these trade deals are ironically accepting a status quo that is more damaging to American workers," he said. "We're going to have to engage directly friends in labor and environmental organizations to try to get from them why they think."
Obama was asked to discuss the United States' geopolitical challenges, and he said he maintained "less optimism" about his relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin than he did his relations with Chinese President Xi Jinping.
"I have a direct, businesslike and blunt relationship with Putin," he said. "If you ask me am I optimistic that Putin will suddenly change his mindset [on Russian intervention in Ukraine] I would say that's not going to happen until the politics inside Russia catch up to the economics inside Russia" that have been harmed by western sanctions.
Of the Middle East, Obama said the U.S.-led military campaign against Islamic extremists in Iraq was likely to make gains more quickly than it will inside Syria, where the ongoing civil war has complicated the situation.
The region "is going through a generational shift, a tectonic shift," he said. "It is messy, and it is dangerous. ... The whole region has gone down a blind alley where too often Islam is equated with a rejection of education, with women's participation -- all the things that allow you to thrive in a modern economy."
David Nakamura covers the White House. He has previously covered sports, education and city government and reported from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Japan.

Btw for the year june 2015 what is the eps you think it will showPlatinum Member
291 Followers
Hi zennith, for long term; I am super bullish on the stock. Also after 3 months, the next quarter results would be declared and that will also be very positive according to me. HOLD the stock. SIT Tight for handsome returns. If possible BUY on dips is also a good strategy in this counter. :)
In reply to : zennith message
4.21 PM Dec 3rd

Ok yash ji so it means i have bought right and need to sit tight (whic...Platinum Member
291 Followers
Hi zennith, for long term; I am super bullish on the stock. Also after 3 months, the next quarter results would be declared and that will also be very positive according to me. HOLD the stock. SIT Tight for handsome returns. If possible BUY on dips is also a good strategy in this counter. :)
In reply to : zennith message
4.21 PM Dec 3rd

Lahiri to head committee for interaction with industry on tax lawsLahiri to head committee for interaction with industry on tax laws
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 12:41 AM IST
The government on Wednesday set up a committee under the chairmanship of former chief economic advisor Ashok Lahiri to regularly interact with industry and ascertain areas where clarity on tax laws is required.
“The committee will give recommendations to the Central Board of Direct Taxes and Central Board of Excise & Customs for issuance of appropriate clarifications by way of circulars and instructions on tax issues,” the finance ministry said in a statement on Wednesday. The committee, announced in Budget 2014-15 by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, will have former Settlement Commission member Sidhartha Pradhan, and former Director General (Audit) Customs and Central Excise Gautam Ray, as members. Its chairman, Lahiri, has also represented India at the Asian Development Bank. The terms of reference (ToR) of the committee include setting its own procedures for regulating its work. It might consult experts and tax professionals from outside and also invite officers from the revenue department and other government departments for interaction.
The committee, which will have a one-year term, will give half-yearly reports to the finance minister.
The committee will be assisted by two nodal officers not below joint secretary/commissioner rank — one each from income tax and Customs & central excise. The choice of nodal officers will be recommended by CBDT and CBEC, and the appointment will be made after the revenue secretary’s approval.
Former finance minister, P Chidambaram, had also set up a high-level forum under his advisor, Parthasarathi Shome, to address some of the taxation-related concerns of industry.
The forum had identified 29 issues in direct taxes and 47 in indirect taxes that merited removal of obstacles, and clarifications or amendment of procedures. Issues pertaining to service tax refunds, Cenvat credit, excise duty levy on sale of goods at loss were addressed by the finance ministry on the basis of the forum’s recommendations.

Legalise  regulate betting in sport  says NBAchiefWritten by Shahid Judge | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:38 am
On his first visit to India, NBA commissioner Adam Silver has devised avenues to increase basketball’s footprint in the country.
Bringing NBA teams to India for exhibitions, is one of the idea, which he has floated. Another is to attempt bridging the time-difference between India and the United States. NBA matches are telecast at 6:30 am, IST. “There is a large population of basketball viewers in Asia. We can look at shifting atleast a game every month to a particular time that would suit audiences here,” Silver says.
The idea needs deliberation with Indian broadcasters and NBA franchises. He added that Sacramento Kings owner Vivek Ranadive, who is of Indian origin, will agree to such a change. “I’m sure he will agree. Having said that, we need to study the move before implementing it because we don’t want sleepy players on court,” he says. Since taking over as the commissioner, Silver has looked to improve the league’s fan-following in Asia.
Push for transparency 
One of the recommendations he put forward involves legalising of sports betting. The 52-year-old said an ‘enormous underground culture of sports betting’ prevalent which goes against the philosophy of transparency the basketball body follows. “One of the things I’ve asked NBA owners, is the push for transparency in everything we do. Transparency in officiating, transparency in play,” he asserts.
“I will talk to the Congress, and will push for a legislation that will allow our states to decide whether it is something they want to participate in. In the US, all the states have lotteries. I’m not trying to encourage sports betting, I’m just saying there is a lot of sports betting , and if it’s going to happen, it must be done in a regulated environment,” he said.
Giving the owner’s perspective, Ranadive said that legalising betting would serve as a means to increase fan engagement. “A part of what gets fans involved in games is to let them bet on matches. So this is a logical evolution of the sport,” he explained.
Business objectives are part of the Indian sojourn, but the obvious queries are on when an Indian would crack the NBA. He asserts, greater participation increases chances of having an Indian qualify in the NBA. “It’s all a numbers game. The more people are watching, means more people will play. More people playing means a higher chance of producing a big player for the big league,” he added.

Gerrards timely reminderBy: Reuters | London |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:33 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 11:13 am
Steven Gerrard’s future at Liverpool may be in doubt but the captain turned back the clock to score in a 3-1 victory at bottom side Leicester City in the Premier League on Tuesday. Manchester United maintained their recent improvement with a fourth successive league win, beating Stoke City 2-1 at Old Trafford with a Marouane Fellaini header and Juan Mata free kick either side of a Steven Nzonzi goal for Stoke.
David de Gea guaranteed that United held on to the points with two superb saves late in the game. United stay fourth but now have 25 points, eight behind leaders Chelsea, who host Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday, while Liverpool have climbed to eighth place with 20 points.
West Ham United remain fifth, a point behind United, after a 2-1 win at West Bromwich Albion, who have now lost their last four matches. James Tomkins headed the winner for the in-form Hammers in first half stoppage time. Liverpool captain Gerrard, 34, left out of the starting lineup on Saturday, was back in the team at Leicester where he rifled home a poor clearance from captain Wes Morgan to turn the balance of the match the Merseysiders’ way in the 54th minute.
They had fallen behind when Liverpool keeper Simon Mignolet conceded an own goal after 22 minutes before a 26th minute Adam Lallana equaliser for the visitors. Leicester were reduced to 10 men when Morgan, who scored an own goal against QPR on Saturday, was sent off for a foul on Rickie Lambert after 63 minutes and they conceded a third when Jordan Henderson scored after 83 minutes.
NEW CONTRACT
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers confirmed on Monday that Gerrard, who made his debut for the club 16 years ago last weekend, had been offered a new contract and was full of praise for him after the three points were secured. “He was rested at the weekend with tonight in mind,” Rodgers told BT Sport
“When you rest players people ask why, when you play them you are asked why aren’t you resting them? The energy from being rested at the weekend gave him the energy to play tonight” he said.
Gerrard declined to answer questions about the contract renewal but said: “I will decide when I am ready.“There is nothing to say, when there is the fans know I will come out and say it. It was a great team performance, the headlines should be about that not me.
“I am happy with the goal, even more pleased with the win. We are on the way up. We are a lot harder to beat. Come the end of the season we will be fighting for fourth.” Manchester United, who were without injured skipper Wayne Rooney, gave manager Louis van Gaal some encouragement with continued…

Our suggestions left out:OppnWritten by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:32 am
In the second and very stormy meeting of the Select Committee on insurance bill, members from the Trinamool, Left and Congress locked horns with chairman Chandan Mitra over several amendments that were reportedly left out of the clause-wise document circulated for the panel’s consideration. The amendments that were left out, members claimed, favoured maintaining the status quo.
As charges were traded, Mitra told members that the Bill’s final draft would be readied by Friday and discussed in the panel’s last meeting on Monday. Requests for a postponement of the meeting drew a blank, prompting CPM member P Rajeev to compare Mitra’s behaviour to that of Hitler, said sources. TMC’s Derek O’ Brien accused Mitra of “bulldozing” the Bill. “The chairman threw all Parliamentary norms out of the window and acted as a BJP member,” said a member of the committee.
Members alleged that all amendments that opposed disinvestment or pointed out possible glitches in the plan were kept out of the clause-by-clause list. Rajeev, Derek and Congress’s J D Seelam pointed out the missing amendments. Sources said Derek questioned the government’s contention that Rs 26,950 crores FDI would come in in the next five years if the cap if increased, pointing out that in the last 14 years since the cap became 26 per cent, only Rs 8000 crore had come to the country.
Incidentally, the Bill is likely to be cleared by both Houses of Parliament as Congress has decided to support it.

Wont go easy on Naxals  saysRajnathBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:25 am
The Centre on Wednesday vowed to continue its operations to eliminate Maoist violence and promised full support to the security forces in their fight.
Making a suo motu statement in the Lok Sabha on the recent killing of 14 CRPF personnel in Chhattisgarh, Home Minister Rajnath Singh gave a detailed account of the incident and said there would be no let-up in operations against Maoists. He said, “I would like to reiterate that the Central government is committed firmly to tackle Left Wing Extremism… It is our firm commitment to provide every possible assistance to the security forces and we will continue the operations till this problem is fully eradicated.”
Singh said the government had taken security-related steps and growth initiatives, besides trying to ensure rights and entitlements to tribals and other weaker sections. He said, “As a result of the implementation of this strategy, the morale of the Maoists has weakened… The number of surrenders by Maoists cadres has increased substantially in the current year… The LWE violence has also been declining since 2011, and this trend continues in the current year also.”
The Centre, he said, was taking “all possible measures to increase the capability of the state governments.” Singh also made a statement in the Rajya Sabha over the issue.
Responding to an Opposition demand during the zero hour, the Home Minister announced that a Special Investigation Team (SIT) has been constituted to probe the incident of fire which gutted a church in east Delhi.

Delhi wants France  Russia to source N-parts in IndiaThe government is working on plans to get Russian and French nuclear component suppliers to enter into sourcing arrangements with Indian firms instead of importing reactor parts, a move aimed at boosting the Make in India initiative and reducing costs.
A file photo of the Kudankulam nuclear plant in Tamil Nadu. (Petr Pavlicek/IAEA)
It is understood that the India-Russia vision document on energy cooperation to be released during President Vladimir Putin's visit later this month will reflect Moscow's willingness to be part of Make in India in the nuclear sector. India feels that getting the Russians to source locally will give a major leg-up to domestic companies.
On the cost front, sources familiar with the developments said that the immediate reason local sourcing was being suggested was the high price of power quoted by French supplier Areva, which is helping set up six 1,650-MW reactors at nuclear power parks at Jaitapur in Maharashtra.
"It looks like the cost of power could be between Rs. 9.50 and Rs. 11 per unit," said one of the sources. The Department of Atomic Energy's benchmark price per unit in 2020-21, when the reactors are due to go critical, is Rs. 6.50.
It is understood that the French have tried to justify the high prices by citing the cost of imported parts like reactor domes, being brought from Japan.
"A reactor has a lot of civil work associated to it. When you look at reducing cost without compromising on quality, Indian companies can come handy," said the source, adding that the move would give a fillip to the Indian manufacturing sector as a whole.
India is keen on attracting investment into the sector and quenching its thirst for electricity. It aims to increase nuclear power generation to 63,000 MW from 4,780 MW at a cost of $85 billion.
HT reported on Sunday that the Modi government is working on measures to reassure component suppliers frightened by the country's laws, which hold them liable for accidents and put them at risk of financial ruin.
Indian firms Larsen & Toubro (L&T), Walchandnagar Industries and Godrej and Boyce have a potentially active role in the nuclear sector. But like foreign players, they have been worried by the nuclear liability law.

PM to talk new plan panel  funds with CMsComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will hold an exclusive session with chief ministers on December 7 to discuss the proposed Niti (Policy) Commission to replace the Planning Commission and the future of annual and five-year plans. The CMs will also be allowed to raise any other issue related to the Centre.
The Prime Minister’s Office communicated to the CMs that PM Modi would like to spend two hours with them to receive feedback on the various initiatives of the Central government and the policies the states would like the Centre to pursue. No officials will be allowed into the meeting.
“The PM wants a freewheeling chat with the CMs and get their feedback to help restructure the Centre-state relations,” a senior government official told HT. Terming the platform between the Centre and state’s ‘cooperative federalism’, the PM has sought to know what the “scope and method” of interaction should be and the strategy, tasks and mechanism” for this interface.
The interaction will take place post-lunch at the PM’s residence at Race Course Road. In the pre-lunch session, the CMs accompanied by chief secretaries will give suggestions on the Niti Commission that will have four divisions --- Unique Identification Authority of India, Direct Benefit Transfer, Inter-State Council and the Plan Evaluation.
PM Modi has also sought suggestion from the CMs on five-year and annual plans. The job of deciding annual plans of states has been given to the finance ministry but the government wants to know if the states would like it to be part of the Niti Commission.
The PM, through a note circulated, also sought to know what the states thought of the five-year plan cycle and to suggest alternatives for it.
He has also asked the CMs their opinion restructuring the fund flow from the Centre to the states. Every year, the government gives over Rs. 3,00,000 crore to the states through central schemes and programmes.

http://usat.ly/1vMHz2L10 stocks everyone will brag they own
By: Matt Krantz December 3, 2014 2:52 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
If there’s one thing you can expect at holiday parties, it’s all the bragging about the stocks people owned. Funny, they’re all the stocks that went up.
There are 10 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including biotech Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) , Southwest Airlines (LUV) and Electronic Arts (EA) that you can be certain to hear people talk about owning. We know this because these are the stocks that were up 50% or more this year through last week — and are up again over the past week, according to data from S&P Capital IQ and analyzed by USA TODAY.
And it’s not your your coworkers who will talk about their genius at picking these wonderful stocks. It’s a game mutual fund managers are playing right now. In the quarterly “window dressing” ritual, mutual fund managers will buy shares of stocks that did great during the period. That way these managers can brag about owning them by listing them in their periodic reports.
And the data shows you exactly which stocks these are. Take the best example, Vertex Pharmaceuticals. The company, working on treatments for a variety of genetic issues, has skyrocketed 55% this year through a week ago (Nov. 26). Investors who didn’t own the stock for the run want to make sure they have it in time for the holiday parties. That demand has pushed the stock up another 4.1% in the past week.
Don’t you own airlines? Don’t you know they’ve been great this year? Look at Southwest Airlines. Shares are up 109% this year though last week. If you didn’t own the shares, apparently it’s time to buy if you want bragging rights. Shares are up 3.7% over the past week. And it is a similar story as with Delta (DAL) .
We’d hate to suggest that investors would be so cheap as to pile onto hot stocks just to be able to brag. But hey, we need something to talk about when we’re sipping our egg nog.
WINNING S&P 500 STOCKS THAT ARE STAGING POWERFUL RUNS THE PAST WEEK
Company

New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio on No Indictment in Choke Hold CaseHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"SOON: VP Biden Delivers Remarks at National Menorah...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/WhiteHouse_GoStream_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"SOON: VP Biden Delivers Remarks at National Menorah Lighting","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/WhiteHouse_GoStream_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"Coming Up: Pennsylvania Officials Give Update on...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Coming Up: Pennsylvania Officials Give Update on Body Found in Hunt for Shooting Suspect","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Amazon Wants you to Shop From Public StallsP&G wants you to shop inside public bathroom stalls
Ben Popken TODAY
There's no reason productivity should stop at the bathroom door.
In that spirit, Procter & Gamble and Amazon have partnered up to launch "Stall Malls" inside public toilets.
Once you sit down in one of the stalls, an ad wrapping the back of the door invites you to download the Amazon App and displays the barcodes for coupons for several bathroom-appropriate Proctor & Gamble products. Use the app to scan the barcodes and place your order.
P&G
So while you finish using the bathroom, you'll also be scratching an item off your to-do list.
To encourage users to take the plunge, the coupons are on the high side for what the brands offer.
The coupons include $2 off Charmin Mega Rolls, $7 off Crest 3D Whitestrips and 50 cents off Febreze.
The ads will be installed in select cities through the end of the year. 
You can find them in New York at the Staten Island mall, in New Jersey at the Paramus Park, Willowbrook, and Woodbridge malls, in Los Angeles at the Glendale Galleria, in Philadelphia at the Christiana and Neshaminy malls, and in Seattle at the Alderwod, Bellis Fair and Westlake malls.
Email ben.popken@nbcuni.com and tweet @bpopken .
Tags:

Fitness goes high techfitness goes high tech
UB Holdings TargetedUB Holdings Targeted
Axis bank did not move above 500.20 today  though attempted several ti...Platinum Member
78 Followers
Axis Bank did not move above 500.20 today, though attempted several times. The stock will see down trend tomorrow, may go below 489 during the day. - My target for Axis Bank is Rs 489 for intraday with a stoploss of Rs 503
1.49 AM Dec 4th  | Track

Can you please share from where you got this information.it will be mu...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Winning Quarterback Adorably Upstaged By Son s Math SkillsA different NFL quarterback might want to show off his son's football's skills.
But not the Houston Texans' Ryan Fitzpatrick .
The Harvard grad brought his young son Brady to the stage during a press conference Sunday to display the lad's math smarts.
A buoyant Fitzpatrick, who had just thrown six touchdown passes in a victory over the Tennessee Titans , asked someone in the audience to give Brady two numbers between 90 and 99 so the child could multiply them in his head.
Watch the kid score big points with Dad for coming up with the right answer.
H/T For The Win
More:

Ray Rice Hoping For  Second ChanceRay Rice has no NFL team. But he hopes to return to football after a domestic violence arrest resulted in his release by the Baltimore Ravens and suspension from the league.
In an interview Tuesday with Matt Lauer of "Today," the 27-year-old free agent running back discussed the fallout of an act of violence he committed against his wife (then-fiancee), Janay Rice, at a casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey, in February as well as his hopes of resuming his career. On Monday, "Today" aired an interview with Janay Rice, who married Ray Rice in March , about the incident as well as her controversial apology during a May press conference , purportedly delivered at the behest of the Ravens .
Ray Rice was joined by Janay Rice and her parents for his portion of the interview:
Matt Lauer: What do you think it would take for another owner and another group of fans to put the images of that video behind and say, 'We'll take a chance on Ray Rice?'
Ray Rice: They would have to be willing to, you know, look deeper into who I am and realize that me and my wife had one bad night, and I took full responsibility for it. And one thing about my punishment and everything going along with anything that happened is that I've accepted it. I went fully forward with it. I never complained, or I never did anything like that. I took full responsibility for everything that I did, and the only thing I can hope for and wish for is a second chance.
The NFL initially suspended Rice for two games in July , a punishment widely criticized for its leniency . Upon the release of explicit video of the attack inside an elevator at the casino, by TMZ in September, the league changed the two-game suspension to an indefinite ban . Upon appeal, the indefinite ban was overturned by an arbitrator , on Nov. 28, leaving Ray Rice free to sign with any team that will have him.
No fewer than four teams expressed interest in the three-time Pro Bowl selection, claimed ESPN's Adam Schefter on Nov. 30:
Post by Adam Schefter .
A subsequent tweet from Jay Glazer of Fox Sports asserted that the Saints had "zero interest" in bringing Ray Rice to New Orleans. While he aims to return to the NFL, Ray Rice claims he is prepared to "sacrifice" for his wife.
"If I never play football again, I'll be honest with you, I would adapt into life and I would sacrifice more so she can have a better future," Ray Rice told Lauer.
More:

3 Simple Ways to Improve Your Employer Brand and Hire Rightreddit
We all tend to think of our business' "brand" as something solely targeted to external customers and clients. But a strong brand is just as important to ensuring you hire the right people who will remain loyal, productive and committed to your mission. Your people are your most important brand asset. How they appear to and treat customers is more important than any slick ad or cool website. Why?
Your brand is more than a logo. It's your core and essence as a company and starts from the inside out, impacting everything the company does and says. Brand is expressed in three crucial ways: visually, verbally and experientially. Your employees are a huge part of how your customers experience your brand.  No amount of cool marketing will make up for a poor customer experience with the person they are dealing with at that moment in time.
To hire the right brand ambassadors, you need to start with creating a brand that appeals to the very best job candidates out there. Recruiting expert Rikka Brandon knows how important this is to your business growth and success. She has hired over 500 people and placed over 400 more as an Executive Recruiter. She writes, advises and speaks to small businesses about how to build amazing teams.
"Small business owners don't tend to spend a huge amount of time thinking about their 'employer brand,'" she says.  "But as you continue to grow, this brand's ability to attract just the right people starts to take on enormous significance."
Here are three simple ways to build a strong employer brand - starting with your next interview.
1. Be Prepared
Don't treat a candidate any differently than you would your very best customer. Like your mother always taught you: Be considerate, be professional, take the time you need to get yourself organized.
If a candidate showed up unprepared, it would leave a terrible taste in your mouth. It's the same for your candidates. "If you are fumbling, distracted and unprepared, you're creating a horrible brand impression," Brandon says. "The job market is too competitive these days and the best candidates -- the ones you really want and need -- don't have to put up with that." Brandon advises reading the resume in advance, printing it out, making some notes and coming up with relevant questions to ask -- and preferably not ones that are easily answered by simply reading the resume.
And be on time. If you are asking someone to show up or call at a specific time, be available and ready for it. Set your alarm for five minutes before the scheduled time. Get your cup of coffee, go to the bathroom, do whatever you need to do so you're ready and present before your appointed time.
2. Show respect.
If you want to hire people that will respect you and your company, you need to show respect for them from Day One: the interview. If not, you risk ruining your brand for them not just as a candidate but as a consumer. I've seen firsthand how candidates can turn so sour on a company during a flawed interview process that they no longer wanted to use the company's products or services in the future - and told others about how the company just didn't have its act together. Talk about bad word of mouth.
Be respectful of their time. Don't keep them for an hour if twenty-five minutes will do.
Be respectful of their feelings. Don't say, "Hey, that was such a great interview - we love you!" and then a few minutes later you're telling a co-worker, "Put him on the regret list." "I'm not saying you need to verbally regret everybody as you go," advises Brandon." That's something that you'll get more comfortable doing as time goes on. But don't lead people on. It's so frustrating for candidates to leave the interview feeling like everything was awesome and get the rejection letter in the mail two days later. "
A simple way to lower their expectations is to say, "Thanks for your time today. I'm not sure if this is a good fit or not. We'll be talking to a lot of people but we'll definitely be in touch about next steps."
Lastly, be respectful of the fact that they are most likely working somewhere else.  Don't do backdoor reference checks at their current employer as this can endanger their job security if their current company frowns upon exploring other options.
Overall, be considerate of the fact that they have a job, they have a life, they're juggling current priorities to interview with you, and they're interested enough in your company to make it happen.
3. Focus on what's in for them
Just as successful company brands focus on their end customers' needs, people who succeed at recruiting and hiring are always thinking about the candidate's needs, not just their own. They put themselves in the candidate's shoes and think about what would get them to say YES to a job offer.  "Think outside the box and adapt to meet the needs of the unique person you really want on your team," says Brandon.   Every individual's motivations are different, and surprisingly, it is not always just about money. It could be flexible work schedules, recognition, opportunities for growth, collaboration or advancement. By getting to know the candidate and thinking about what he or she craves, you can put together the perfect offer that they just can't refuse.
By following these three simple tips, you can reinforce your employer brand to be one for which the best people clamor to work. And with great people on your team, your business will go on to create brand magic for your customers, clients and partners.
Follow Maria Ross on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@redslice
More:

Why You Should Sell Like an Infomercialreddit
People have little interest in purchasing a bed--what they want is a good night's sleep.
Some folks would sleep in a sandbox if it meant they'd wake up refreshed. That's what makes it a real problem in need of a solution.
Beyond selling products, companies must also sell what their product will allow customers to do.
If they don't, you know they're inexperienced. Take a look at this quote from investor Dina Routhier:
The most common thing that pegs an entrepreneur as an amateur is when they come in and immediately start talking about their amazing new technology, and forget to start the discussion with, "What big problem in the market am I trying to solve?" If they don't start with the problem, then I know they are green.
Let's look at some examples of how benefits help sell products.
"Lose 30 Pounds in 60 Days!"
 
As an armchair observer, it's all too easy to scoff at over-the-top late night infomercials.
And yet, these ads are making sales, often far more than that super neat-o new web app everybody talks about but nobody wants to pay for.
In fact, the infomercial industry is still growing. It's even gone on to eclipse the TV industry itself:
Collectively, the U.S. market for infomercial products stood at $170 billion in 2009 and could exceed $250 billion by 2015. In fact, with the worth of the entire U.S. network and cable industry estimated at $97 billion as of 2013, direct response television is much bigger than TV itself.
If there is anything that infomercials are good at, it's selling benefits.
They understand that people can be coaxed, not driven. Claude C. Hopkins once said, "Prevention is not a popular subject, however much it should be." It is far easier to sell around existing desires than it is to create desire.
Infomercials might all sound the same, but they work because they sell solutions that are perpetually in demand. It's similar to how the most successful startups take a problem that already exists / has always existed, and make their solution easier, faster, cheaper, or more accessible.
There's also the effective use of selling an outcome. "30 pounds in 60 days" is appealing because you know what you're getting. Magic diet pills use this dishonestly, but with legitimate workout programs the language is the same.
Nobody actually wants to buy a workout program, they want abs and better conditioning in a concrete time-frame.
What's In It For Me?
Let's step away from infomercials for now (lest the abyss also gaze into us).
Apple understood these same principles when they released the first iPod. MP3 players were nothing new, and the technology trounced CDs. The problem was marketing; the right pitch hadn't really been made to explain just how much better customers' lives were going to be once they owned an iPod.
How do you think Apple decided to frame the magic of the iPod? Around its technical prowess, or what customers could do with it?
You guessed it . The message was persuasive because, in the words of Seth Godin, it was all about: "Me, me, me. My favorite person: me."
Gigs of data have nothing to do with me, but a pocket full of my favorite songs certainly does.
The irony is that those who most often admire Apple and Jobs--those in the startup community--tend to have the biggest problem with selling. Many a HackerNews thread is filled with vitriolic commentors who insist that he/she who lists the most compelling technical features wins.
This has become such a problem that Justin Jackson recently wrote a very popular article reminding software developers that they aren't "normal" in relation to their customers:
Increasing the technical challenge while creating a product does not increase the chance for more sales. This surprises us. We get an idea for a thing, think about the technology we'd use to build it, and get excited.
"I could build this on the Twilio API!" "I could learn that new CSS framework!" "I could use this new tool I just purchased!"
The problem is that all of this is focused on us, the creator, and not on the customer, the consumer.
There's a natural inclination for craftsman to want to talk about the craft.
But customers generally won't care about the cogs that make your product turn. What they want to know is, "What can I do with it?"
Your World Before Our Software
It all comes back to having a compelling proposition of value .
Or to put it in plain language, you need to give the before and after:
"This is your world before our product... and this is your world after."
One cannot have an impact without the other; like stepping in from the cold to a warm living room with a crackling fireplace, it's the contrast that makes the transfer so enjoyable.
Many confuse this, and it's why you'll see ill-informed comments like this crop up from time to time:
I'm one of those developers who thinks that marketing in general is 'scummy'... I'm willing to acknowledge that there can exist marketing that is not scummy but it's hard for me to think of real world examples... I love building things that people enjoy using but I hate sales and marketing.
Apparently, you're supposed to sit in your basement and build things without ever trying to sell them to the people who need them the most.
Bullshit!
Take a look at the copy of a great company like Bidsketch :
It reads an awful lot like the benefit selling we've discussed throughout this article, but to my knowledge, you won't find founder Ruben Gamez on late night TV exclaiming, "But wait, there's more!"
The selling here is beneficial to me as a customer: I find out what you provide and what I can do with it without being forced to slog through details I don't need.
As an example of what not to do, I once came across a SaaS app (that wasn't made for developers) that stated in their sub-heading, "Proudly made with Ruby on Rails."
"What's Ruby on Rails, a level from Mario Kart ?" Ninety-nine percent of customers won't know and simply won't care. It's like shoving the schematics in their face before they even have a chance to decide, "Is this what I need?"
Features Still Matter
Obviously.
Letting features "tell" still matters a great deal--once you've sold a prospect on what you can do for them, details ease decision-making.
Features can often connect the dots and put the benefits into a greater context. There are two important ways they do this:
Justification: Esurance uses comparative pricing to explain why their insurance is cheaper (through features). The savings are gained from their lean operation, which was "born online." Once the benefit is sold, features are used to explain how you'll make it happen. If a hosting company says your site is totally secure (hooray!), features show you how and why that claim is a guarantee. Sell the benefits first, then highlight the great features you offer to close.
Differentiation: Describing your point of difference means elaborating on your features. We often tell Help Scout customers about how most help desks outsource their email parsing. Ours is in-house, which allows us to do email integration and voicemail support that others can't do (only after the "help desk headache" issue is addressed does this feature become important).
Claude Hopkins has another useful tactic on how to correctly frame features and benefits:
There is one simple and right way to answer many advertising questions. Ask yourself, "Would this help a salesman sell the goods? Would it help me sell them if I met the buyer in person?"
Would you, making a sale in person, talk about the titanium frame or the nickel-cadmium alloy mix of your brake pads before addressing the benefits to a customer?
Remember that by not selling on benefits, you're running your customers around in circles.
Last but not least, be wary of selling "fake benefits," or completely hiding away your features, especially when appealing to a highly technical or business audience. Features matter, and are an essential complement to the solution selling that gets prospects interested in the first place.
***
Gregory Ciotti is on the customer success team at Help Scout , the invisible email support software. Through a beautiful dashboard, data-driven reports , and smart UI built for taking the headache out of email, Help Scout can help you transform your email support .
Follow Gregory Ciotti on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GregoryCiotti
More:

7 Tips to Survive (and Thrive!) While Working With Your Spousereddit
I know we're supposed to show gratitude each and every day, but this time of year makes it easier to unplug and really focus on the things that bring purpose and meaning to my life.
I am reminded about how fortunate I am to be able to build not only a beautiful family, but a business with my husband Phil. As two young law students, we took the plunge and launched our own business. It has been nearly 20 years, and we have weathered the highs of the dot.com bubble and the lows of the Great Recession. But all these ups and downs have brought Phil and me closer together, as business owners and as a husband and wife.
We're lucky. Financial stress and an economic downturn can wreak havoc on a relationship. But somehow, we have managed to not only keep our sanity, but strengthen our commitment to one another along the way.
Here are seven things that I have learned during this journey to help us strike the right balance and thrive as both marital and business partners.
1. Respect each other no matter what: Phil and I may not always see eye to eye, but we always respect each other. I understand that we each bring our own unique talents and strengths to the business and marriage. Yes, I voice my opinion and no one will ever mistake me for a pushover, but I also recognize that there are times when I need to trust where Phil is headed.
2. Put ego aside: Whether you're at home or in the office, it is critical to put your ego aside and do whatever is best for the situation. No good has ever come when I add my pride to the equation.
3. Leave business behind at the dinner table: With four children, it is nearly impossible for us to discuss business at the dinner table, but we have learned that it's important to make a clean break from being business partners at least once per day. This simple rule helps us stay healthy and balanced both as individuals and as a couple.
4. Keep a unified front: At times, it feels like it's just Phil and I against our competitors and the rest of the world. In this competitive economic climate, it's best for us to maintain a unified front and always have each others' backs. If I have a problem, I need to bring it up directly with Phil but support him publicly. The second I say something negative about him to others, cracks start to form in our foundation.
5. Prioritize date night: It has been twenty years, but even to this day, Phil and I try as hard as possible to have our own date night each week. When running a business, it's easy to move mountains to squeeze in a meeting with an important client, but we need to remember that our relationship is a priority too.
6. Perform a SWOT Analysis: Business school students and companies are very familiar with mapping out SWOT charts (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats) for any new project. But the same tool is instrumental to truly understand and improve your marriage. Never turn away from the truth: we have learned to set aside time to discuss our strengths as a couple and where we fall short.
7. Support each other no matter what: During the hard times, it's tempting to detach and give your partner some space. But it is precisely in these difficult moments that we need to move closer to one another and give each other support.
Running a business together is not for every couple. However, if you and your partner have been considering launching a business together, don't let the warnings scare you off. Phil and I are proof positive that love can make anything possible. We have been on this exciting entrepreneurial roller coaster for the past two decades and I can't wait to see what the next twenty years have in store.
Follow Nellie Akalp on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CorpNetNellie
More:

Dow hits record as energy rises for third straight dayDow, S&P 500 edge up as energy shares rebound; Nasdaq slips
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
CVS Health
The Dow and S&P 500 were holding onto small gains in volatile trading Tuesday afternoon, helped by a rebound in energy shares and investor bets the Federal Reserve will be cautious in removing support in the face of a more fragile global economy.
8
But both indexes were well off their highs for the day, with consumer discretionary shares the biggest drag on the S&P, while the Nasdaq was lower. Shares of Amazon were down 2.5 percent.
The S&P 500 moved more than 40 points from its high of the day to its low.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
Futures crumbled in early trading as the ruble neared 80 per U.S. dollar, down 21 percent. The Russian currency sharply pared its losses and was down about 3 percent, near 68 per dollar.
Brent crude fell as much as 4.2 percent but was last down 2.3 percent at $59.65 a barrel. U.S. crude, which fell as much as 4.1 percent, was last down 31 cents at $55.60.
Still the S&P energy index was up 1.6 percent, leading gains on the S&P 500, as investors snapped up beaten down shares. The index is down 15.6 percent for the year so far following a sharp selloff in oil prices since June.
"There were many, many stocks, especially in the energy sector that were just trading at absolutely ridiculous prices to their fair market valuation," said Paul Mendelsohn, chief investment strategist at Windham Financial Services in Charlotte, Vermont.
At 1:43PM the Dow Jones industrial average rose 64.46 points, or 0.38 percent, to 17,245.3, the S&P 500 gained 5.82 points, or 0.29 percent, to 1,995.45 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 4.18 points, or 0.09 percent, to 4,600.98.
Chevron, up 2.6 percent, was leading the points advance in the sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among the top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 7.6 percent, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 8.4 percent.
Market participants also said bets on the Federal Reserve's next move were giving stocks support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
CVS Health Corp rose 3.8 percent to $94.14 after issuing a strong 2015 forecast. 3M lifted its dividend and was the top points gainer on the Dow industrials with a 2.2 percent advance. Boeing, up 2.3 percent, was among the best performers after it raised its dividend and perked up its buyback program.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 1,841 to 1,188, for a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,601 issues rose and 1,081 fell for a 1.48-to-1 ratio.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos and Chuck Mikolajczak; editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Rand Paul vs. Israel  againBy Jennifer Rubin December 3 Follow @JRubinBlogger
The Wall Street Journal reports that at the annual Wall Street Journal CEO Council meeting, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) reaffirmed that he is the sole GOP potential 2016 contender to support White House national security adviser Susan Rice’s fear-mongering that new Iran sanctions would wreck the ongoing (critics say fruitless) negotiations with the P5+1, which was supposed to reach a final deal in six months. “Mr. Paul noted that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he thought the extension was a good thing. . . . He said he thought the U.S. should do all it can to prevent Iran from possessing a nuclear weapon, and that instituting sanctions at this stage could hinder the progress so far.” Progress?! Many conservatives would hotly dispute that, citing the one-sided negotiations that are allowing Iran to move ever closer to a nuclear weapons capacity.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) speaks during the Freedom Summit meeting for conservative speakers in Manchester, N.H., in April. (Lucas Jackson/Reuters)
No, Netanyahu does not agree with Paul. In speech after speech, he has implored the P5+1 to increase sanctions on Iran and roundly criticized efforts to roll back sanctions for reversible changes in Iran’s illicit program. Netanyahu, like many domestic critics of the interim deal, sees the extension as the lesser of two evils. He nevertheless, unlike Paul, wants sanctions to be ramped up in order to pressure Iran to give up its nuclear ambitions.
Mark Dubowitz, sanctions guru at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, is fed up with the scare-mongering over new sanctions. “Instead of playing into the Iranian trap of threatening that any form of pressure will blow up negotiations, the administration would be well advised to work constructively with Congress on such a bill instead of continuing to ignore lawmakers’ concerns,” he says. “The bill can use a phased approach to tightening the screws backed up by a credible threat of a tidal wave of sanctions if Iran continues its nuclear intransigence. So far the administration has failed to deliver; it’s time to respect the advice of Congress which played an instrumental role in designing the toughest sanctions over administration objections.”
The administration demands to continue the process in which Iran pays no price (to the contrary, gets sanction relief) while we abandon position after position. This practice is only being enabled by Paul and a shrinking band of mostly left-wing opponents of renewed sanctions who insist we can’t interfere with the negotiations. Paul makes sense only if you think negotiations are going well, that John Kerry and Wendy Sherman should be trusted and that the stream of U.S. concessions and Iran’s total lack of concern about adverse consequences from delaying and refusing to make a deal are acceptable.
Paul might want to listen to what Netanyahu is actually saying :
So don’t be fooled by Iran’s manipulative charm offensive. It’s designed for one purpose and for one purpose only: to lift the sanctions and remove the obstacles to Iran’s path to the bomb. The Islamic Republic is now trying to bamboozle its way to an agreement that will remove the sanctions it still faces and leave it with a capacity of thousands of refugees — of centrifuges, rather — to enrich uranium. This would effectively cement Iran’s place as a threshold military nuclear power. And in the future, at the time of its choosing, Iran, the world’s most dangerous regime, in the world’s most dangerous region, would obtain the world’s most dangerous weapons. Allowing that to happen would pose the gravest threat to us all. 
Paul, not unlike President Obama, who tried to convince voters in two elections that he had Israel’s back, is at loggerheads with Israel on its most critical national security issue. That puts him far out of the mainstream  – of both parties and the voters (as reflected in multiple polls) – on the most important national security issue we and Israel face. The GOP majority in favor of sanctions will only grow with the addition of new members in 2015, who ran on and have tougher positions on Iran than does Paul.
Paul also might want to check with ally and fellow Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) : “What we ought to do, if we can’t get an acceptable agreement with the Iranians, is tighten the sanctions. In fact, we had a bill in the Senate to do that which the current majority leader wouldn’t allow a vote on. … That’s the kind of thing a new Senate would be voting on.” Indeed it will, and in the new Senate, Republican after Republican will rise to denounce the administration’s position, with which Paul is in sync.
Even more dicey for Paul, David Brog, executive director of Christians United for Israel, the largest pro-Israel group in the country, weighed in, telling Right Turn: “We are disappointed by reports that Senator Paul has joined with the Obama Administration in opposing new sanctions on Iran. Tough sanctions are the only reason Iran came to the negotiating table in the first place. And only the threat of tougher sanctions will convince the Iranians to make the kind of meaningful concessions they have thus far resisted.” He added, “Those dreaming of some sort of virtuous cycle of compromise with the mullahs demonstrate a dangerous ignorance about who they are and what they seek.”
I suppose if you like Obama’s Iran policy, the safest bet would be to heed Paul and Rice’s warnings. But huge bipartisan majorities in both houses will soon make clear that they think this would be disastrous, and for good reason. “The Administration lowered the pressure on Iran over the last year by taking new sanctions off the table after cutting what was portrayed as a short-term deal that conceded long-term Iranian enrichment, and it has yielded deadlock instead of a comprehensive deal,” says Michael Makovsky, chief executive of the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs (JINSA). He says that coupled with our “irresponsible concessions,” we managed to weaken “our leverage and made an acceptable deal less likely, after several years of tough Congressional and European sanctions helped lead Tehran to want to participate in talks.” He admonishes the administration to “learn from this failed record and engineer a radical course correction.” Unfortunately, neither Obama nor Paul so far are willing to do so.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Wall Street flirts with fresh record highWall Street climbs to record highs
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6548373c-7a9c-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lafarge  Holcim set to win EU approval for ...Brussels
(Lafarge and Holcim are…)
BRUSSELS: Lafarge and Holcim are set to win the European Union's approval for their merger deal to create the world's biggest cement maker, two sources with direct knowledge of the matter said on Wednesday.
The two companies have already offered to sell businesses worth around 12 percent of their combined revenues but might have to sell one or two more assets to ease EU competition concerns, the people said.
The preliminary package includes assets to be sold off in France, Germany, Hungary, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia and the UK. Non-European assets going on the block will be in Canada, Brazil, the Philippines and Mauritius.
European Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso, Lafarge and Holcim declined to comment on whether the deal would be approved by the Commission. European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager is due to make her final decision in the coming days.
Lafarge's shares ended 1.8 per cent higher at 57.93 euros on Wednesday. Holcim closed up 1.3 percent at 73 Swiss francs. The Commission has set a Dec. 15 deadline for a decision.
A Lafarge spokeswoman said eight regulators, including Russia, Turkey and South Africa, have already given the go-ahead to the deal.
However, India's competition watchdog has asked for more details, saying the deal could damage competition there.
Last month Holcim said it had received more than 60 bids from industry interests and private equity firms for the assets. The companies hope their merger will help them cut costs and better cope with overcapacity and weak demand.
FEATURED ARTICLES

INS Vikramaditya yet to get close-in weapon ...Anil Chopra
(India's largest aircraft…)
MUMBAI: India's largest aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya , commissioned last year, is yet to get its Close-In Weapon System (CIWS) which is likely to be installed next year.
"CIWS was not installed on it in Russia. It will be done during refit of the vessel," Vice Admiral Anil Chopra , Flag Officer Commander-In-Chief of Western Naval Command , here said today.
CIWS detects and destroys enemy aircraft and missiles that may hit the warship.
Sources said that weaponry systems like Long Range Surface to Air Missile System, Point Defence Missile System are also likely to be installed on the ship during refit which may happen in 2015 or early 2016.
"The refit may take place in Cochin Shipyard Limited ," said a source.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CDC: Prescription painkiller deaths drop for the first time in a decadeBy Christopher Ingraham December 3 Follow @_cingraham
According to new data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the rate of drug overdose deaths more than doubled from 6.1 per 100,000 people in 1999 to 13.1 in 2012. Opioid painkillers -- hydrocodone, oxycodone, and the like -- accounted for a substantial share of the increase. And in recent years, heroin deaths have risen.
There's good news and bad news in these numbers. The good news is that opioid deaths actually fell in 2012 for the first time as authorities have cracked down on prescription drug abuse . The total drug overdose death rate is also down slightly. On the other hand, users who've developed a opiate habit may be switching over to heroin as painkillers become more expensive and harder to get. The increase in the heroin death rate seems to reflect that reality.
As I've noted before, overall heroin use rates are really, really low . So talk of a "heroin epidemic" is a bit overblown, and the danger is that overreaction leads to dumb legislation that could make the problem even worse.
On the other hand, heroin use rates are currently so low that they literally have nowhere to go but up. And heroin is considerably more lethal than just about any recreational drug out there. So even small upticks in use are going to lead to noticeably more overdose deaths.
There's a real public health conundrum at work here. Policymakers failed across the board to realize that making prescription painkillers harder to get would be a boon for the heroin market. Now, in order to keep heroin deaths from rising sharply, they're going to have to get creative.
A program currently underway in Vancouver offers one innovative solution: make the drug available to addicts via prescription . The idea is that heroin made in a lab, at a standardized purity and potency, is safer than the stuff you buy from a guy in an alley somewhere. And studies have shown that treating addicts this way is cheaper and leads to better outcomes than giving them methadone. Or simply throwing them in jail, for that matter.
But there's currently no such program in the United States.
Christopher Ingraham writes about politics, drug policy and all things data. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center.

U.S. had worlds most extreme temperatures in NovemberBy Jason Samenow December 3 Follow @capitalweather
November 2014 temperature differences from average (University of Alabama-Huntsville, adapted by CWG)
Compared to average, the eastern half of North America was colder than anywhere else in the world during November, according to an analysis of satellite temperature measurements from the University of Alabama-Huntsville (UAH). Meanwhile, the warmest temperatures in the world (again, compared to average) were in the vicinity of northern Alaska.
“[T]he coldest place in Earth’s atmosphere in November was in northwestern Wisconsin, just outside the town of Cable, where temperatures were as much as 3.29 C (about 5.92 degrees Fahrenheit) colder than seasonal norms,” the UAH analysis says. “[T]he warmest departure from average in November was in the Beaufort Sea off the northern coast of Alaska. Temperatures there were as much as 5.20 C (about 9.36 degrees Fahrenheit) warmer than seasonal norms.”
An incredible see-saw jet stream pattern set up these opposing temperature extremes. Over Alaska, a massive ridge of high pressure caused the jet stream to bulge to its north allowing relatively mild air to flood the normally frigid state. The jet stream then buckled, crashing southeastward over the eastern half of North America and unleashing bitter Arctic air.
Visualization of GFS representation of flow pattern Tuesday morning, November 18 (Laris Karklis, The Washington Post)
This pattern has set up repeatedly during the 2014 calendar year, as we have documented in previous posts: Snowed under and frozen over: U.S. weather is off the rails, but why? |  U.S. weather in 2014 is more bi-Polar than ever  | Eastern U.S.: Coldest spot on Earth so far in 2014  |  The eastern United States: A lonely cold pocket on a feverish planet
As chilly as the eastern U.S. was, UAH reports that  it was the second warmest November on record in its 36-year record for the globe as a whole, fitting into a long-term warming trend.
UAH notes that its record shows the Earth has warmed at a rate of about 0.25 F (or 0.14 C) degrees per decade since satellite data became available for analysis, but with significant regional variability.
Global temperature trends in 36 years from 1978-2014. (University of Alabama-Huntsville)
Since 1978, the fastest warming globally has occurred in the Arctic (warming at a rate of 0.88 F degrees per decade) while pockets of East Antarctica have actually cooled.  The rate of warming over the Lower 48? About 0.4 degrees F per decade which works out to 1.43 degrees F overall since 1978.
Jason is currently the Washington Post’s weather editor. A native Washingtonian, Jason has been a weather enthusiast since age 10.

US jobs  services sector data pointing towards economy s resilienceUS jobs  services sector data pointing towards economy s resilience
China metals loan case in courtDecember 3, 2014 6:05 pm
China metals repo case in court
Henry Sanderson and Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d34c90b4-7b0c-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Axis Bank raises Rs5 700 crore through infrastructure bondsAxis Bank raises Rs5 700 crore through infrastructure bonds
India to be fastest growing economy in 2-3 years: Mukesh AmbaniIndia to be fastest growing economy in 2-3 years: Mukesh Ambani
First world war debts to be repaidDecember 3, 2014 8:01 am
UK to pay back all first world war debts
By Robin Wigglesworth
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/658db27a-7ac0-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1yhqRWhFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Chevrolet jazzes up Camaro SS with track package
PAHRUMP, Nev. --- Tearing through the twisty course of a desert raceway, there's a natural impulse to try to figure out how to make the car go even  faster. One way would be to learn to drive like a
Post to Facebook
Chevrolet jazzes up Camaro SS with track package PAHRUMP, Nev. --- Tearing through the twisty course of a desert raceway, there's a natural impulse to try to figure out how to make the car go even  faster. One way would be to learn to drive like a Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zPbZjQ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Chevrolet jazzes up Camaro SS with track package
USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard goes for a spin with Jim Campbell, General Motors' performance car and motorsports chief in the U.S., outside Las Vegas to put a Camaro SS with a track parts package to the test USA TODAY
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 8:15 a.m. EST December 3, 2014
Chevrolet Camaro SS is getting a new track package.
(Photo: Chevrolet)
172 CONNECT 55 TWEET LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
PAHRUMP, Nev. — Tearing through the twisty course of a desert raceway, there's a natural impulse to try to figure out how to make the car go even  faster.
One way would be to learn to drive like a professional. Nah. Easier to go the second route: Buy more parts to put a little more pizzazz in the car.
Knowing there are legions of loyal owners who like to upgrade their cars to make them more competitive — or at least look more cool — Chevrolet showed last month how it can add a suite of aftermarket parts that it says can make a difference.
The goal is  to put the "ultimate" in the track performance of a Camaro SS, a competent, though not the fastest, Camaro.
"Performance parts are a way of enabling owners to take the performance up several levels," says Jim Campbell, General Motors' U.S. vice president for performance vehicles and motorsports.
After a few hot laps, the point was well taken. A body kit makes the Camaro more aerodynamic. Added suspension parts make the car more stiff and hold flat in corners. It had beefed up brakes, a throatier exhaust and modifications that allow more air to flow into the engine and other upgrades. Some of the parts came from the more expensive ZL1 and Z/28 Camaros.
"It's about traction coming out of the corners and steering feel," says Brandon Vivian, executive director for chassis and performance.
Creating the "Ultimate Track Camaro SS" takes about $12,000, but Chevrolet officials say the package is less than half the  cost of buying parts individually for those who  opt to make the conversion gradually.
The extra performance also helps breathe new life into an aging model — even though it has held its own just fine against rivals Ford Mustang and Dodge Challenger. A new Camaro is rumored to be on the way.
172 CONNECT 55 TWEET LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zPbZjQ
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

http://usat.ly/1AgHV1tAn illuminating look at Christmas trees across the country.
Post to Facebook
Graphic: O Christmas trees An illuminating look at Christmas trees across the country. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CFAsxS
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Graphic: O Christmas trees
USA Today Network Joan Murphy and Janet Loehrke, USA TODAY 6:41 a.m. EST December 4, 2014
O Christmas trees
137 CONNECT 55 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
There are trees around the country with real star power this season, from the National Christmas Tree on the Ellipse in Washington, D.C., to the tree that graces Rockefeller Center.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CFAsxS
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Nightlife Agenda: Christmas parties  Krampus and MadonnaBy Fritz Hahn and Rhome Anderson December 3 Follow @fritzhahn
This week's essential DJs, happy hours, dance nights and parties.
Rare Essence and a team of go-go stars pay tribute to former mayor Marion Barry at Ibiza on Thursday night.  (2010 photo by Tracy A Woodward/The Washington Post)
Wednesday, December 3
Peruvian brothers Giuseppe and Mario Lanzone – the siblings behind the Peruvian Brothers food truck – are trying to improve the fortunes of school children in their hometown of Callao, Peru, so they're throwing a party at the Embassy of Peru . A $25 donation to the Umbrella Initiatives Foundation Backpack Project gets you a variety of treats, including pan con chicharron sandwiches, empanadas, dessert and pisco sours made with Macchu Pisco. Musicians perform while you snack. The reception runs from 7 to 9 p.m., and cocktail attire is requested. ( Purchase tickets in advance .)
Brandon Wetherbee's "You Me Them Everybody" variety show marks five years at the Wonderland Ballroom with its usual awesome mix of live music and stand-up comedy. Jokes come from Jenn Tisdale, Linsay Deming and Haywood Turnipseed Jr., while house band Typefighter is joined by buzz-worthy synth-pop outfit Furniteur. Wetherbee is the host; comic Ruth Rasby and Rachel Dry -- a features editor for The Post's Style section -- are the warmup acts. The fun starts at 7:30 p.m.
Though the Renwick Gallery is closed for renovations, its popular Handi-Hour craft-making happy hours continue. This month's event, in the Luce Foundation Center at the American Art Museum , is tied to the new "The Singing and the Silence: Birds in Contemporary Art" exhibition. Participants will make decorative bell totas, which are believed to scare off evil spirits. (You can watch a video about bell totas on the American Art Museum website.) As always, the event includes beers and live music: Atmospheric folk-rockers the Torches are the featured performers. The program runs from 5:30 to 8 p.m. and costs $20 at the door, including the cost of materials. Get there early, as you'll want plenty of time to craft.
ChurchKey 's quest to show that there's more to British beer than Bass and Boddington's continues with the third edition of "The British are Coming," with 50 different British craft beers on tap. Featured breweries include Weird Beard, Partizan, Moor, Pressure Drop and Burning Sky. Doors open at 6 p.m.
Thursday, December 4
The city's three-day tribute to Marion Barry begins Thursday. A much less somber remembrance of the "Mayor for Life" will take place Thursday night at Ibiza , with a gathering of the biggest names in go-go, headlined by Rare Essence and Junkyard, but also featuring the Go-Go All-Stars, Sugar Bear of E.U., Donnell Floyd of Familiar Faces and Michelle Blackwell of Suttle Thoughts. DJs Big John ("Dat Bama Be Crankin"), Supa Dan and Dirty Rico will also perform. The party runs from 7 to 11 p.m. and admission is free, though organizers warn the event is "for mature clientele only."
The latest standard-bearer for the iconic drum'n'bass label Metalheadz is Lenzman, a Dutch DJ and producer with an ear for melodic hooks, soulful hip-hop vocals and the perfectly timed drop. Lenzman makes his D.C. debut at Flash 's monthly Cadence night, with resident DJ Illogic and 2Tuff's Slant opening. Tickets are $12 in advance , and $15 at the door.
How do we know holiday season has really started? Tacky Christmas Sweater parties. Sly Fox's Christmas Ale hits D.C. this week, and Penn Social is celebrating a special happy hour (corn hole tournaments, skee-ball, etc.) and giving away gift certificates for drinks and Sly Fox merchandise to the person wearing the ugliest sweater. Doors open at 6 p.m.
The historic Tudor Place house and garden is festively decorated for the holidays, and you can see the Neoclassical mansion lit up during the after-hours Tudor Nights: Red, Green and Gold open house and cocktail party. The house will be open from tours from 6 to 8 p.m., and the $20 admission includes holiday appetizers and "festive specialty cocktails." Register in advance for admission .
Friday, December 5
Friday is the 81st anniversary of the repeal of the 21st Amendment, and Jack Rose is going all out for its annual Repeal Day party. Owner Bill Thomas will tap into his reserve of actual pre-Prohibition whiskeys, including Old McBrayer (distilled in 1916) and Sam Thompson Rye (distilled in 1917), though bartenders will also be slinging Prohibition-era cocktails and punches, and the kitchen will be serving a Prohibition-era menu. The party starts with "Pappy Hour" from 5 to 7:30 p.m., when all of this year's Pappy Van Winkle whiskeys will be discounted; later in the evening, burlesque dancers will perform and champagne toasts will flow. Admission is free all night, and vintage outfits are encouraged; the best costume wins a cocktail tasting for two at Dram and Grain.
Thirteen years ago, the three Brindley brothers took over a middling coffee house and concert hall in a Vienna strip mall. They've since turned Jammin' Java into one of the area's best small concert venues, booking everything from heart-on-sleeve alt-rock to singers that target the pre-K set. To mark the venue's "lucky" anniversary, an all-ages concert features Jammin' Java co-owner Luke Brindley, folk-rock singer Owen Danoff, and other guests, beginning at 7:30 p.m.
Holiday beers are starting to find their way onto taps, and few places offer a wider variety than the Black Squirrel , which will have 18 different seasonal ales available during this weekend's Twelve (or More) Beers of Christmas. Stop by for free Christmas cookies and the chance to drink St. Bernardus Christmas Ale, Scaldis Bush de Noel, Brewer's Art St. Festivus and other strong, hearty holiday beers. (The full draft list is on the Black Squirrel's Facebook page .)
The annual Homo for the Holidays show at the Howard Theatre , sponsored by Brightest Young Things, is one of those something-for-everyone holiday spectaculars: Carmen Carrera from "RuPaul's Drag Race"; the anything-goes comedy of Summer Camp, the drag queen host of the Crack and WTF variety shows; song and dance routines by the Team Peaches troupe; and DJs JD Samson of Le Tigre and Shea Van Horn of Mixtape. Costumes and holiday outfits are encouraged. Tickets to the all-ages show are $20 in advance , or $25 at the door.
Saturday night is the feast of St. Nicholas, also known as Santa Claus. That means that Friday night is Krampusnacht. Krampus is the anti-Santa, a goat-like creature wrapped in chains that hunts down bad children, giving them coal instead of presents and sometimes kidnapping them. On Dec. 5, people in Germany dress like Krampus, drink schnapps and scare kids into being more well-behaved. That tradition has migrated to H Street NE: The third annual KrampusNacht starts with a happy hour and fire performances at Gallery O on H at 6 p.m., followed by a parade of Krampuses down H Street at 7, heading towards Little Miss Whiskey's. A dance party with DJs and karaoke at Gallery O follows at 9:30. Costumes are required if you want to be in the parade. All attendees are asked to bring an unwrapped toy or make a $10 donation to Santa's Cause, a local charity that provides gifts to foster children. All the information you need (and photos from last year) is on the Krampusnacht DC page .
Saturday, December 6
The D.C. Craft Bartenders' Guild's annual black-tie tribute to the end of Prohibition is one of the highlights of the local cocktail calendar. This year's Repeal Day Ball , held at the Carnegie Library , features an all-star team of local bartenders, including Todd Thrasher of PX , Owen Thomson of Bar Pilar and Chantal Tseng of Mockingbird Hill , alongside highly regarded out-of-towners, such as Jackson Cannon of Boston's Eastern Standard and Hawthorne, and Phoebe Esmon of Philadelphia's Emmanuelle and the Yachtsman. The $80 tickets include drinks, catered snacks and dancing to a 1920s jazz band. The $120 VIP tickets add admission at 8 p.m. and access to a private lounge.
Elle Varner soaked up music and show business from her parents, who worked with Barry White and Kool & The Gang, and then refined her talent at NYU's Clive Davis Department of Music. The result is a female R&B vocalist with a strong base in the past and a grasp of what's currently hot. For her visit to the Howard Theatre, she's paired with Adrian Marcel, a rising vocalist singer mentored by Raphael Saddiq.
Sorry, Gen-Xers, but this might make you feel old: It has been 30 years since Madonna released "Like a Virgin," the album that made her a superstar. DJ Dredd will be paying tribute to the album at the Lounge at Red Rocks , spinning the Material Girl all night long. He starts at 9 p.m., and there's no cover.
Sunday, December 7
Two decades ago, when Common started his rap career as a squeaky-voiced teen, nobody predicted he'd evolve into a fashion and film heartthrob. The Chicago MC returned to his roots earlier this year on "Nobody's Smiling," his tenth studio album, which found him reuniting with producer No I.D., who worked on Common's 1992 debut, "Can I Borrow a Dollar?" A hiatus after Common's 2011 "The Dreamer/The Believer" found him renewed as a rhymesmith, and he now wears his veteran status comfortably. At the Fillmore this weekend, Common shares the stage with Jay Electronica, whose work branches from the same underground roots that launched Common. While he has yet to drop that long awaited full length project, his paradigm shifting singles and guest verses have kept anxious fans intrigued.
Fritz Hahn has covered bars, drinks and nightlife for the Washington Post Weekend Section since 2003, but he also writes about everything from Civil War battlefields to sailing classes. You can find him on Twitter and Instagram .

Half of Indias 500 top companies in debt troubleHalf of Indias 500 top companies in debt trouble
HK hunger strike students vow to "suffer pain for justice"HK hunger strike students vow to "suffer pain for justice"
After boxing her way out of obscurity  Sarjubala targets WCgoldWritten by Shivani Naik | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:03 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 10:58 am
Sarjubala Devi’s father Rajen drives a water-tanker, the huge guzzling cylindrical container that rumbles through Imphal’s narrow streets when drinking water is scarce. Her mother Thoibi sits for days endlessly weaving prints on fabric on a home-machine. The sort of urban poverty that the 21-year-old boxer has seen in her family in Imphal, for years now, is not stark or scary, but of the humdrum variety where nothing’s really changed for decades.
One way out of this drudgery, a young Sarju had figured at age 13, was to hop across her street to a small boxing academy Kongba Amateur where she could punch to her heart’s content and attempt to do what Manipur’s idol Mary Kom did to leap out of obscurity.
In her first attempt at winning a World Championship — “since Mary didi has won 5 times” — Sarju fell one step short. “I was very disappointed with silver. I will not stop until I win a World title,” says the dogged pugilist who faltered in the final at Jeju, Korea and had to settle for the second medal, paler than the gold. “Just a silver”. She’s a diminutive boxer, almost always shorter than most of her opponents, even for the light welter weight (48 kg). She’s waited three years since her gold medal at the World Youth in Turkey to be given a chance to compete internationally, and patiently bided her time never slackening in practice because boxing is something she doesn’t want to stop.
“I can practice endlessly because I really want to do well and become someone like Mary didi,” she says, recalling the last time she was consumed by the sport – an occasion of achievement that was laced with deep regret.
Recalling time
“Before my trials for Youth Nationals, I had set off to SAI for a camp and hadn’t been home for months. I’ll never forget 8th July. My sister — she was 14 or 15 then — had called up in the morning and told me she had prayed I’d be selected. She died later that day of an illness that was never diagnosed because the family couldn’t afford. They’d kept away the news of her suffering from me until the trials were over. Me doing well in boxing is very important for my whole family,” she recalls.
And so it is that Sarju never stops training — or thinking about it even as she stops at Mumbai for some media interactions. “I don’t like taking off on Sunday,” says the soft-spoken girl, restless to grasp that World title. The next Championships couldn’t come soon enough for her. “I was very happy when I got selected for this edition after winning Nationals. But I knew only gold medals get noticed, otherwise they’ll say she’s a loser boxer,” she explains.
Sarjubala lost to a Kazakh girl at Korea — a familiar opponent who she’d beaten at the World Youth in 2011. “But for three years while continued…

Jadhavs ninety not good enough forWestManoj Tiwary scored 75 in the Deodhar Trophy final on Wednesday. (Source: Express Photo by Kevin D'Souza)
Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:00 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 5:40 pm
By: Sriram Veera
What did the final of Deodhar Trophy between West and East Zone give the national selectors, a day before they were to decide the World Cup probables? Some comic relief for starters and a good performance from that energiser-bunny of Indian domestic cricket Ashoke Dinda.
It has to be said though that in these days where teams are getting increasingly better in chases on flat tracks, West contrived to lose from a good position – they needed just 75 from 60 balls at one stage after Kedar Jadhav’s 97 had helped them soak up the early damage caused by Dinda’s new-ball spell of 6-0-22-3 but they panicked. Yusuf Pathan was involved in a silly run out, Axar Patel swept straight to square-leg, Shardul Thakur missed a full toss, and Suryakumar Yadav, who for once batted with a lot of composure, fell to his first rash shot as East Zone wrapped up a 23-run victory and their fifth Deodhar Trophy triumph.
Around 8pm on Tuesday, East Zone’s Manoj Tiwary had stopped couple of local journalists leaving the Wankhede stadium to enquire about the dew factor. ‘Will it be there? Is it better to bat first?’ And his team almost made a hash of the decision to bat first before Tiwary revived them with a fine 75 and Biplab Samantray hit a plucky fifty to drag them to a respectable 269.
With the ball skidding off the track under lights, Dinda reduced West to 37 for 3 in 10.3 overs, that included the wicket of Ambati Rayudu. And he returned later to deliver the knock-out blow when he had Suryakumar Yadav slicing straight to cover in 47th over, leaving the tail with too much to do.
Running in with that trademark energy and leap before release, Dinda had the West top-order in trouble. He had already knocked out the openers but it was in the 11th over of the chase when he really opened up the game. Rayudu had hit him for two fours but chased a full ball, curving away, well outside off stump and nicked it behind. West were 37 for 3 at that stage but the confident Kedar Jadhav revived the chase with a responsible hand. He flicked, drove, cut and slashed to take West almost close to win but his dismissal triggered panic.
Jadhav was just three runs from his ton, the chase was under control but the temptation to put away the final ball of the Powerplay, in the 40th over, did him in. He went for a hoick across the line off Samantray but missed it completely. It was the beginning of the end.
There were mini revivals in the remaining overs — when 63 were required form 42 balls, Axar bludgeoned Samantray for 14 runs in continued…

Atals insaniyat doctrine  explained byJaitleyWritten by Muzamil Jaleel | Srinagar |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:59 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 2:01 am
For the first time, BJP minister Arun Jaitley today explained the Centre’s understanding of former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s insaniyat framework for a Kashmir resolution, saying it doesn’t mean the country can be broken by terrorists picking up the gun to kill, or by security forces committing atrocities on innocents. He also snubbed the NC and the PDP, saying “the political debate on the constitutional framework of J&K is no longer linked to the aspirations of common people who have gone through tremendous suffering”.
Jaitley was addressing “Vision Kashmir”, an interaction organised by the BJP with various groups including members of Sajad Lone’s People’s Conference, NGOs, religious leaders associated with the BJP-aligned Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind and RSS-sponsored groups.
“… Vajpayeeji had come to Kashmir and said we would look for a resolution to every issue within the ambit of humanity. There are several people who argue about it. Even opposition parties raise this issue regularly saying that Vajpayeeji had talked about humanity, so we need to try to resolve political issues while moving ahead on the path of humanity,” Jaitley said.
“But humanity does not say that we commit terrorism; humanity doesn’t say that we pick up a gun and kill others; humanity doesn’t say that the Army kills an innocent while responding to the killing of anyone among them; humanity doesn’t say that there is an injustice against a common man and he doesn’t get redressal; humanity doesn’t say that you work for breaking the country. Humanity says that India is the largest democracy of the world and everyone has an equal right in this democracy. And if somebody violates these rights, breaks them, there must be an action against him.”
Jaitley gave the example of his response to the recent killing of two schoolboys by the Army in J&K. “From the day Modiji’s government took over, it has been our policy that if there is any small or big incident and if any injustice happens, it should be investigated. I was defence minister and there was an incident… I received a message from Modiji to ascertain the truth. I probed it and within two hours, the first message I put out on Twitter… I condemned that incident and apologised. This has happened for the first time.”  He said he asked Army officials to go to the homes of the children killed, and investigate honestly. “And for the first time, the Army completed its investigation in less than a month’s time and found its officials guilty,” he said.
His explanation of Vajpayee’s doctrine is a snub to the PDP’s interpretation in the context of its proposals  for self-rule and joint mechanisms between the two sides of Kashmir. It is a snub also to the Hurriyat Conference’s interpretation of the humanity ambit as one for a dialogue beyond the framework of the Constitution.
In fact, Jaitley said the debate on the constitutional continued…

Will Yuvraj make WCprobablesWritten by Shamik Chakrabarty | Kolkata |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:59 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 1:27 pm
Out of those 15 players who were part of the Cup-winning campaign only Dhoni, Kohli, Raina and Ashwin remain as permanent fixtures in the Indian ODI team. Compared to the side which won the World Cup in 2011, changes will come across as drastic when the national selectors meet in Mumbai on Thursday to pick the 30-member probables for the upcoming 2015 World Cup.
Sachin Tendulkar is happily retired, Sreesanth is banned for life for his alleged involvement in IPL spot-fixing, while the likes of Munaf Patel, Ashish Nehra, Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir appear to have past their sell-by dates now.
Down to Yuvraj, Harbhajan — out of favour at the moment but still harbouring hopes of returning to the fold. Yuvraj won the Player of the Tournament award. But he has been completely out of sorts at the moment with only one half-century in this season’s Vijay Hazare Trophy. Harbhajan, too, is not making an impact in domestic cricket, even though he bowled well in the IPL and Champions League T20. The selectors have a tough call to make. According to a source close to the selection committee, if Yuvraj and Harbhajan are picked for the preliminary squad, it would be difficult to omit them from the final list.
The batting line-up is well settled. So is the spin bowling department. Axar Patel’s emergence has given the side more options and flexibility.

Vizag Port all set to expand container terminalUpdated: December 4, 2014 02:25 IST
Vizag Port all set to expand container terminal
Santosh Patnaik
Tweet
Loading operation in progress at Visakha Container Terminal in Visakhapatnam.- File PHOTO
VPT will sign concession agreement with Visakha Container Terminal Private Ltd on December 17 under the PPP mode
After thrashing out the differences over its revenue and traffic projections, the Visakhapatnam Port Trust is all set to sign concession agreement on extension of container terminal with the Visakha Container Terminal Private Ltd in third week of December under the PPP mode.
The prestigious project mooted three years ago with an investment of Rs.633 crore to make Visakhapatnam a gateway on the East Coast for container traffic will finally take off with the VCTPL giving a letter of consent for signing the concession agreement on December 17.
A senior official of VPT confirmed the receipt of a letter from VCTPL and told The Hindu that a decision on date would be finalised in a few days. The letter of intent was issued by the VPT to VCTPL, a joint venture of DP World and United Agencies of India Ltd on December 30, 2013.
The VCTPL along with six others who bought bid documents have been asked to submit fresh proposals last year owing to offer of low percentage gross revenue share (GRS) by VCTPL. Later the port accepted the offer of 11.04 per cent of GRS by VCTPL, the lone bidder.
Due to delay in grounding the project, the cost of extending the terminal is said to have increased from Rs.850 crore to Rs.900 crore. Once all clearances are obtained, the timeline set for completion of the project is 24 months.
VCTPL, which entered into an agreement with VPT under PPP mode for developing a greenfield container terminal with one of the best natural drafts in the world, had launched its commercial operations on June 26, 2003 on its first phase project. A public hearing is also required for going ahead with the extension of the container terminal as it involved an investment of over Rs.500 crore.
RELATED NEWS

Almost like Fed in checkmate situation: Proalmost like fed in checkmate situation: pro
Christie vetoed N.J. pigs bill to charm Iowa ahead of 2016  critics sayBy Hunter Schwarz December 3 Follow @hunterschwarz
Sarah Swingle, of Charleston, S.C., with the Humane Society of the United States, stands immobilized in a human-sized “gestation crate,” in front of the Statehouse, in Trenton, N.J. Swingle’s demonstration was part of the society’s efforts to have Gov. Chris Christie sign legislation that would require state agriculture officials to adopt regulations concerning confinement of pregnant pigs. (AP Photo/Mel Evans)
New Jersey lawmakers hope to override Gov. Chris Christie’s (R) veto of a bill about pig cages that opponents say was a move to pander to Iowa, the first state to hold a caucus for the 2016 presidential elections.
Christie vetoed the bill  Friday, which would prohibit pregnant pigs from being held in cages called gestation stalls that limit their ability to turn around, lie down, or extend their limbs, and called it “a solution in search of a problem.” According to the Star-Ledger , there are only about 9,000 pigs in New Jersey, and gestation stalls aren’t used in the state.
State Sen. Raymond Lesniak (D), one of the bill’s sponsors, said an override would require three out of nine Republican members of the Senate who initially voted for the bill and six out of seven Republican members of the Assembly.
“It’s certainly our best chance ever of standing up to the governor,” he told The Washington Post in an interview.
The bill has the support of more than 90 percent of New Jersey residents, he said. It passed 32-1 in the Senate and 53-13 in the Assembly.
Iowa Gov. Terry Brandstad (R) called Christie’s veto a “good decision” and said he didn’t believe presidential politics had anything to do with Christie’s motives, according to the Des Moines Register . But Lesniak doesn’t agree.
“There can only be one explanation that makes sense: that the governor cares more about Iowa than New Jersey,” he said. “They have a hook into Gov. Christie, a hook that’s obviously a lot stronger than the will of the people of New Jersey and his Republican colleagues in the legislature.”
Hunter Schwarz covers state and local politics and policy across the country for the Washington Post.

RIL  Essar face margin squeeze  pressure in key export marketsRIL  Essar face margin squeeze  pressure in key export markets
Reddym sir cograts for being bod.Platinum Member
667 Followers
For one or other reasons, Usher Agro, LT Foods, Kohinoor foods are all trading at good discount to KRBL.  Usher agro is an undervalued stock from fundamentals point of view. But main concern is promoter stake is just 31% and also promoters are diluting the equity quite often. Based on nos, this may deserve value of min 100, but many do stay away from the company for said reasons.
Kohinoor foods – I think they allotted to shares at very high rate 160 to some gulf investors. Due to this its trading cheap on p/bv basis among rice stocks. Here promoters may want to raise their stake from 47%. This also not giving any dividend like usher.
LT Foods – Among 3 companies, here promoters hold high stake around 68%, paying div almost regularly and also ROE is better than other 2. Also LT is bigger player among 3.  Also LT has better rice brand in the market. So I prefer LT among 3.

Thank you for your response. another thing is they may not knowing wha...Gold Member
30 Followers
Thank you for your response. Another thing is,they may not knowing what to do for the real happiness of the so many investors.My opinion is to say now,that they may add another branch to it by the support of the investors.They may start any healthy stuffs.They may encourage to grow organic vegetables,herbs, and factories to manufacture instants and dried leaves of the herbs etc, by giving financial support, and also some vacant land needed for it.I don`t know to tell much about it, but everything come forward by common sense only.
In reply to : abn32 message
2.23 AM Dec 4th

December 04th  2014  thursday r3 2754.50  r2 2726.00 r1 2709.30  pivot...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Lol 50 paisa ki series...ha ha haCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Militants crave snacks of west they hateIsis fighters crave snacks and gadgets of the west they disdain
Erika Solomon in Beirut
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5298d716-758a-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Taiwan polls threaten China rapprochementNovember 30, 2014 11:21 am
Taiwan election results threaten to derail China rapprochement
Lucy Hornby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3fbe5b32-787a-11e4-a33c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bosses more likely than employees to shop online todayBy Jena McGregor December 1 Follow @jenamcgregor
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)
It's Cyber Monday, the day when retailers worry about making up for a slower Black Friday  weekend and workplace managers  supposedly worry  about keeping their employees from wasting time online.
Except according to a survey  released Sunday, it's the bosses who are more likely to be shopping from their desks. A new survey from the jobs site CareerBuilder found that senior-level employees are seven percentage points more likely to use work hours to shop online than professionals or entry-level staff members are.
Of the more than 2,200 human resources professionals and 3,100 full-time workers in the private sector who responded to the survey, 53 percent of the bosses — from the C-suite on down to team leaders — said they planned to shop online during work hours, versus just 46 percent of those who don't manage other people. Among those bosses who admitted they would peruse the Web for deals at work, 10 percent said they would use up more than three hours doing so.
The data shouldn't be much of a surprise, though. Higher-level managers have more autonomy in their jobs, and may work longer hours or spend more time at their desks than entry-level workers do in some industries. And of course, they're likely less concerned about losing their jobs over something as inconsequential as snagging some free shipping deals and 40 percent discounts online.
Still, it's a reminder that many corporate Web use policies are looking a bit archaic. Bosses have been shown to use social media  at work more than their underlings, after all. More companies are adopting bring-your-own-device policies  that further blur the lines between personal and professional computer use on the job. And as people increasingly work longer and longer hours , more of them — whatever their status in the hierarchy may be — believe it's only fair to spend 15 minutes during the workday buying an Elsa doll on sale, given the many hours they spend responding to work e-mails during their evenings at home.
Interest in Cyber Monday, the biggest online shopping day of the year in the U.S, is growing globally as savvy online shoppers overseas click into the deals. (Reuters)
Corporate leaders shouldn't be too concerned about online shopping. CareerBuilder's survey shows that this year, just 47 percent of workers said they were going to shop online during work hours, down from 54 percent last year. That would make this the lowest rate since the recession ended.
For those leaders who still do worry, and who tighten their Web guidelines as a result, they should keep in mind it's not just the millennials and entry-level folks frittering away work hours shopping online for deals. It's also some of their most valued and most senior employees, who expect to be trusted and treated like the adult workers that they are.
Read also:
Like On Leadership ? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section.

Ability of HIV to cause AIDS slowing: studymedical research
HIV’s adaptation to protective genes reduces its ability to replicate significantly
A research study has found that HIV – and as a consequence AIDS — is slowly becoming less aggressive in parts of Africa.
These are the significant findings of a study conducted by Professor Philip Goulder and his team at the Nuffield Department of Medicine at Oxford University that have been published in the journal Proceedings of National Academy of Sciences.
Based on a study of about 2,000 pregnant women in Botswana and South Africa, the team has demonstrated that the weakening of the immunodeficiency virus is due to its rapid evolution and ability to mutate over time.
In Botswana the epidemic took off in the 1980s, a decade before it hit South Africa. “Overall we are bringing down the ability of HIV to cause AIDS so quickly,” Prof. Goulder told Reuters.
Weakening mutation
Scientists were aware that a gene known as HLA-B*57 in a person acted as a protection against the HIV virus. The new study finds that the virus has adapted to the gene, which therefore no longer offers protection. However, the unforeseen result of this is that the mutation of the virus also weakens it and reduces its ability to replicate. One reason for this could be because of the growing use of HIV drugs.
“HIV adaptation to the most effective immune responses we can make against it comes at a significant cost to its ability to replicate,” Prof. Goulder told Reuters.
“Anything we can do to increase the pressure on HIV in this way may allow scientists to reduce the destructive power of HIV over time.”
Although it is too early to extrapolate the findings to other regions of the world, the study “does serve to highlight the tremendous progress that has been made in the response to HIV since the virus first gained attention as a public health threat. It also serves to highlight the vital nature of funding for research to improve our understanding of the virus and to develop potential vaccines and treatments,” Matt Grady, Policy & Networks Adviser of the campaign group STOPAIDS told The Hindu.
He said that although there had been a huge increase of people accessing treatment, today 60 per cent of adults living with HIV are outside the treatment net.
The end of AIDS
“Without the financial and political leadership required to accelerate towards the end of AIDS, potential scientific breakthroughs like the one announced will not have the impact needed,” Mr. Grady said.

Regulator demands review after SGX outageSingapore regulator demands review after SGX software glitch
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/96a70278-7ab9-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Taiwans troubled ruling party names acting chiefAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Govt. notifies relaxed FDI norms for construction sectorNew Delhi, December 3, 2014
Updated: December 3, 2014 22:29 IST
Easy exit norms for foreign investors in construction sector
PTI
The measures are also likely to result in creation of much needed low cost affordable housing in the country and development of smart cities.
TOPICS
foreign investment
It has reduced minimum built-up area as well as capital requirement and eased the exit norms.
To help attract foreign funds in construction of townships, hospitals and hotels, the government on Wednesday relaxed the FDI policy for this sector by easing exit norms and reducing built-up area and capital needs.
The revised norms relating to construction development sector has been notified by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP). India allows 100 per cent FDI in the sector through the automatic route.
The new policy has done away with the three-year lock-in period for repatriation of investment.
“The investor will be permitted to exit on completion of the project or after development of trunk infrastructure, that is, roads, water supply, street lighting, drainage and sewerage,” a DIPP circular said.
It is to be noted here, the official statement issued after the October 29 Cabinet meeting had mentioned that the investor can exit on completion of the project or “after three years from the date of final investment,” subject to development of trunk infrastructure.
Under the new policy, the minimum floor area requirement has been reduced to 20,000 square metres from 50,000 square metres earlier. It also brought down the minimum capital requirement to $5 million from $10 million.
In case of development of serviced plots, the condition of minimum land of 10 hectares has been completely removed. Reacting on the new policy, Chairman & Country Head of JLL India Anuj Puri said: “With the FDI policy now providing investors a much more attractive exit option...FII interest in the Indian construction sector is bound to increase.’’
DLF’s Executive Director (Finance) said the easing of exit norms would give flexibility to investors.
“Smaller projects can now attract FDI with reduction in minimum built-up area requirement,” he added. Although 100 per cent foreign direct investment was allowed in townships, housing and built-up infrastructure and construction developments since 2005, the government had imposed certain conditions.
The government expects the new measures would result in enhanced inflows into the construction development sector.
The measures are also likely to result in creation of much needed low cost affordable housing in the country and development of smart cities.
Between April, 2000, and August, 2014, the construction sector received FDI worth $23.75 billion or 10 per cent of the total FDI attracted by India during the period.
For affordable homes, the government has exempted the conditions of minimum floor area and capital requirement if an investee/joint venture companies commit at least 30 per cent of the total project cost for low-cost housing.

CHILD CARE AND EDUCATION COSTS ARE OFF THE CHARTS.reddit
The costs of educating and caring for children just keep soaring.
Just check out this chart from a recent Brookings Institution analysis of consumer price data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, showing how various costs have changed relative to median U.S. household income in recent decades:
There are several striking things on this chart. For one, the costs of energy, gasoline and hospital services are rising far more quickly than income. Meanwhile, the prices of appliances and personal computers have fallen. And the price of a new car has risen a lot more slowly than income.
But the most jaw-dropping thing is the dark blue line that charts the rise in child care and tuition costs. That line goes so high it doesn't even fit on the chart. So we refigured the chart, in an effort to show just how goddamned high child care and tuition costs have gotten:
Child care and tuition costs include elementary, high school and college tuition and fees, as well as child care and nursery school, according to the BLS.
Here is a graphical representation of what that means for parents:
Though they're not shown on the chart, other important prices are also outstripping income, including rent, legal and professional services, and hotel rates.
"These large sectors and the high prices they charge are contributing heavily to the slipping economic position of American households," the Brookings analysts wrote.
The households they're referring to are low- and middle-class households, which suffer more when the costs of necessities rise. That has added to the pain of the slow destruction of the middle class in recent decades. It has also been a drag on the U.S. economy, which depends heavily on consumer spending. As the Wall Street Journal noted in its own analysis of consumer price data, the meteoric rise in the costs of health care, rent and education has led to a slowdown in spending on clothing and entertainment. As a result, large retailers and restaurant chains are struggling to get customers to spend.
More:

5 Things Goal-Oriented People Want To Accomplish In Retirementreddit
Many people dream about the day they can walk away from "The Man" and enjoy life on their own terms. To finally have the time to take that yoga or art class, go for that hike, read that book or even, just sit and think would be wonderful. To simply be able to not use an alarm clock would be pure heaven!
Unlike several generations before, those headed into the retirement years today are taking very different paths. Where people who retired at the end of the last century might have been content to play golf or cards and take the occasional trip, today's active baby boomers have big and diverse plans. And what's most interesting is that they are not passive plans. This current and future group of retirees will be quite busy with a whole new set of goals they want to accomplish.  Many will continue to work full or part time. Some because they need to but many because they want to,  they enjoy working and it keeps them connected. But, for those who will not be working, the myriad of activities they will be embarking on is robust to say the least.
On our retirement planning site, GangsAway we asked some of our users what would they would really like to do once they take the plunge. The common thread in all of the response is that they are "active" pursuits and they are also not just things that old people do. They are goal-oriented and exciting. This new retirement is about continuing and advancing your life, not winding it down. No Bingo for this generation.
Top 5 Things People Want to Do in the New Retirement:
1. Write a Book or a Play. Seriously. For many, this is not just a pipe dream. People have told us they actually have notes and outlines. They're serious and not only do they want to write it, but then they also want to self publish or produce it.
Try living in New York City , the literary capital of the world. Access to writers groups, schools, the 92nd St. Y, lectures, theatrical venues. Expensive if you are on a fixed income but if you can swing it, nothing beats the Big Apple for all it has to offer.
2. Learn a Language and then go Visit or Live in that Country. Learning is a huge part of what people want to do after they retire. Possibly because we spend so many years working, raising kids and there is little time left over for personal learning. It's almost like you've been brain starved for 30 years and now you can finally take the time to learn something new. Learning a language and visiting a country to use it serves a dual purpose. It satisfies the urge to travel and also keeps the brain active.
Consider Miami, FL , or anywhere in South Florida where you could immerse yourself in Espanol.  Great weather, economy on the upswing, relatively reasonable real estate prices and cost of living, good healthcare available. The huge Hispanic population could give you a daily opportunity to use your Spanish if you want to. Also try other nearby Florida towns like Hollywood , Deerfield Beach and Pompano Beach . Then take yourself to a couple of international Spanish speaking expat retirement areas like Cuenca, Ecuador and start speaking like a native. Holas? Como Estas? Donde esta el café?
3. Start a Business. It may seem counter intuitive that a person would retire and their retirement dream is to start a business but that's what a lot of people want to do. Only this business will be a labor of love. So in their previous lives they may have been a bookkeeper but in the post retirement life they may want to become a bee keeper. (Not that I would ever go near bees but there are some that might.) Some great liveable smaller cities that won't totally break the bank are: Iowa City IA , Ann Arbor MI , Billings MT , Abilene TX , Napa CA , Corvallis OR , Burlington VT and Durham NC .
4. Experiential Travel. So this is a change. People have always wanted to travel after they retired but the kinds of travel people are doing is changing. No longer content to do the tour by bus from Rome to Florence, today's older travelers want an experience. So if they go to Italy, they want  to take cooking classes and learn how to make their own pasta. Or if they go to India, sure they still want to see the Taj Mahal but they also might want to go up into the hill country to see where the Dalai Lama lives and explore the hill country peppered with vestiges of the British colonial rule. This kind of travel lets you be a part of the environment, rather than just an observer. That's the kind of travel today's older traveler wants to do.
Some of the big expat communities in other countries, many have great healthcare options and  incentives for American retirees are San Jose, Costa Rica , Oaxaca, Mexico , Panama City, Panama and Granada, Nicaragua .
5. Volunteer/Change the World. The boomers, as you may remember, came of age in the 60's and 70's. They started out their adulthood as big advocates for political reform, the Peace Corp, Volunteerism. While until now many people have been busy with family and job responsibilities, this time in their lives affords the time to get back in action. Some will volunteer an hour or two a week but plenty of others have much loftier goals. Organizations like the Peace Corp (5 percent of their volunteers are over the age of 50!) and many religious and civic service groups send people all over the world for long and short periods of time to lend a helping hand.
The overarching retirement trend is clear. Boomers are doing it their way and they will make it interesting and active. They will continue to be a force of nature and maybe will still change the world. Rock on!
Earlier on Huff/Post50:

Can the Adult Film Industry Lead the Way on HIVreddit
Last week, Michael Weinstein of the controversial (and powerful) AIDS Healthcare Foundation, launched an attack on the Center for Disease Control, over the CDC's endorsement of pre-exposure prophylaxis (or PrEP) drugs like Truvada which have been shown to prevent the transmission of HIV. Rather than embrace the move, Weinstein published an open letter entitled " What If You Are Wrong About PrEP? "
As someone who has endured Mr. Weinstein's morality crusades myself, I have to ask Mr. Weinstein: What if you are wrong about the adult film industry?
For the past five years, attacking the adult film industry over HIV has been your near singular focus. You've railed against producers.  You've called performers a threat to public health. You've run ballot measures, initiated boycotts, and wasted millions of dollars on failed legislation. You spend public money monitoring porn for condoms, and use your valuable resources shaming anyone who doesn't share your conservative morality. But what if you're wrong about us? What if, rather than being part of the problem, the adult film industry could be part of solution?
Sound odd? Despite shooting hundreds of thousands of scenes, the last time there was an HIV transmission on a regulated adult set was in 2004 -- over 10 years ago. Our performers test for a full slate of STIs, including HIV, every two weeks, and the entire industry stops production anytime there's even a remote possibility that an STI like HIV or syphilis might pose a risk to the performer pool. If this were any population other than porn stars, you'd be praising its incredible success.  (In fact, the New York Times has called us " an unlikely model " for HIV prevention.)
You see, sexual health is integral to our business. Performers know more about their bodies -- and how to protect them from STIs -- than possibly any other demographic on the planet. If a performer contracts an STI, they may not be able to work, sometimes for weeks. And in the case of production shutdown, the entire industry loses money. Even if we were the greedy profiteers you so often portray us as, we'd still have a vested financial interest in keeping the performer pool safe.
Of course, it's not just about money. The adult industry is a small, tight-knit community, and we care deeply about what happens to our fellow performers. They are our friends, our co-workers, and, in some cases, our family. Many producers, like myself, were or are performers. That's why we're always looking for ways to improve the system.
This is also why I'm so bullish on Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis (PrEP) medications like Truvada, which promise to help reduce the risk of HIV transmissions to near zero.  Because while we've been able to control performer safety on set, we can't always control what happens off-set, with an untested population. A performer has to test every 14 days; his or her boyfriend or girlfriend might not. In the past few years, several performers have attempted to return to work after contracting the virus off-set, and we've shut down production, initiated partner contacts and worked with doctors and public health officials to trace the genealogy of the virus (i.e., where it was contracted). A drug that protects performers off set as well as on set not only promises to keep our performers safer, it promises to keep our industry stronger.
It's hard not to notice that the language you use in your opposition to PrEP -- calling it a "party drug" and shaming anyone who uses it -- is so similar to the language you use with adult film performers. With both, you talk about loose morals and drug use, and stoke fears that each is a threat to the general population.  I'd venture to say that your focus on us has less to do with prevention and everything to do with (what you view as) promiscuity.
That's why for the past year we've been working with HIV and STI outreach organizations, sex worker rights groups, public health advocates, and the performers themselves to develop more comprehensive protocols that talk not only about condoms and testing, but also the possibilities offered by PrEP, vaccinations and other prevention options. While you've been singularly focused on mandating condoms and dental dams -- non-starters for many performers and consumers -- we've been upping our game, increasing education, upgrading testing, minimizing risk. While you've been protesting OSHA for not toeing your party line, we've been working with public health advocates to develop regulations that can be effective while considering the specific needs of  adult industry workers.
When I proposed adult film performers could be looked at as an exemplar for safer sex and sexual health, I wasn't being glib. While sex is never 100 percent safe, our protocols -- regular testing, discussions of sexual health without fear or shame, prevention methods that reflect real-life sexual behavior -- would be a vast improvement over what the general population uses now.  Our industry has often been at the forefront of new technologies and new freedoms. Why not sexual health?  So I ask you again, Mr. Weinstein, what if you're wrong about the adult industry?
Follow Peter Acworth on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@peteracworth
More:

Three Gift Giving Rules for Your Happiest Holiday Yetreddit
Walmart, Target, Amazon -- as usual, these were among the most sought after retailers this past Black Friday.  And before the sun set on Friday evening, my inbox was already exploding with alerts on even bigger and better sales on Cyber Monday to help knock out some holiday gifts ... things, things, things and more things! Give the gift of things!
Don't get me wrong, getting things is great. Who doesn't love to get a cool, new tech gadget or a fancy, new designer handbag for the holidays? But, as research continues to show, it's the experiences we create with the things we receive and the people we experience them with that leave us far happier than the item alone. There's a reason you never see things by themselves in memory books or photo albums -- they are only as memorable as the people and the experiences that surround them.
I'm in the experience business so I'm fortunate to watch the power experiences have on people everyday. I see the studies conducted on event attendees and, more importantly, I see the emotions on their face as they leave my clients' venues. And I can say with absolute confidence that experiences of almost any kind are one of the most powerful gifts you can give to the people you care about most.
I'm certainly not the first to argue that our overall happiness is not based simply on what we get or what we have. But after years in the experience business, I know that the happiest among us are those who are continually investing in their, experiential equity -- a wealth of memories created by what we do with what we have that we build and nurture throughout our lives.
So, while you won't see this listed on retailers' websites whose core focus is simply to sell you things, I propose three core reasons why using your holiday shopping as an opportunity to invest in your loved ones' experiential equity will make this year, for you and the people you love, a magical one.
Doing > Having
Compared to having things in one's life, the incremental happiness driven by experiences trumps all. And there's data to back this up. Leaf Van Boven, Professor of Psychology and Neuroscience at University of Colorado (Boulder) surveyed more than 12,000 Americans "and found that when asked which made them happier, most respondents chose their experiential investment over their material possessions." I can share stacks of similar data that show the power of experiences like going on a vacation or experiencing the concert of a favorite band has greater impact on our overall happiness, our mental health and even our physical being. The ongoing problem, as noted in a study by San Francisco State University Professor of Psychology Ryan Howell, is that "people continue to believe that more money and more possessions will make them happy, even though 35 years of well-being research has shown that this is generally not the case."
Spent Time > Spent Money
The power of giving yourself and your time to someone you love will always beat anything you can buy off the shelf. Think about it--what child wouldn't want to have some alone time with a dad, mom, uncle or aunt doing just about anything that's focused on them? Whether it's playing with a new toy, watching a DVD in the living room or going out to a restaurant, make the usage itself an experience by giving your time--an investment in that experiential equity. The reality is great experiences don't have to be a ticketed event--what might seem like the mundane is often magical when combined with your time, energy, and presence of mind being in the moment with someone you love.
High Touch > Touch Screen
It shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone that Apple's iPad is on track to be the most popular gift this holiday season followed by gaming consoles. For kids, experiential purchases might actually have the greatest impact of all. We live in a technological ecosystem that enables our kids to remain "connected" with the world without leaving their couch. Don't get me wrong--I'm all for technology; but what I know is that while technology provides kids with amazing opportunities, it isn't a replacement for getting out and experiencing first-hand what their communities have to offer.
A few years ago, I saw a story on CBS Sunday Morning about an organization called The Jack and Jill Late Stage Cancer Foundation --an incredible nonprofit that treats parents who have received a terminal cancer diagnosis and have children living at home by organizing and funding once-in-a-lifetime vacations. These trips are actually prescribed by the parent's oncologist and provide the entire family with the opportunity to escape their day-to-day reality while creating happy, family memories. I continued to be moved by the work this foundation does and it's an example I often share with people to illustrate the power of experiences and the way we all inherently value them in our lives.
As the holiday season kicks off, let's resist the siren song of things and start a movement to give the gift of the experience by supporting organizations building this spirit within our communities and by creating opportunities in our own lives to increase the stockpile of gifts that will never expire or go out of style -- memories.
Follow Damian Bazadona on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Situation
More:

UK Google tax targets multinationals© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/615e6414-7aee-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Eurozone recovery stutters in NovemberEurozone recovery stutters in November
Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9b498b4a-7ad5-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks scale back global ambitionsBig banks giving up on their global ambitions
Martin Arnold and Camilla Hall
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95bed102-5641-11e4-bbd6-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US banks  regulation did not kill stars© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/d2d0c9ac-5631-11e4-bbd6-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK Exchange  sitting at the bus stop© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/404802b2-5d89-11e4-873e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Taiwans jolt for ChinaTaiwan stirs a political earthquake for China
David Pilling
Some blame cheap Chinese labour for sucking away jobs and the mainland for property rises
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/606346fc-7949-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World religious leaders pledge to fight slaveryReligious leaders in rare union with pledge to fight slavery
Giulia Segreti in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/438d5d48-7ac4-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pope is wrong about EuropeNovember 28, 2014 6:18 pm
The Pope is wrong – ageing Europe’s ideas have life in them yet
Richard Vinen
The very success of the continent accounts for a feeling of political drift, writes Richard Vinen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b702c2a-7661-11e4-9761-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pope warns Mediterranean could become vast cemeteryPope Francis calls Europe an ‘elderly and haggard’ grandmother
James Politi in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec0503e0-749d-11e4-b30b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian deathcare services firm sees nirvanaSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Whats ahead for HOV lane drivers on I-395By Robert Thomson December 3 Follow @RT_Thomson
Some drivers who have heard that the 95 Express Lanes are opening this month are upset because they’re confused about what it means for their commutes. Some others are upset because they do know what it means for their commutes.
Many in each of those categories enter or exit today’s HOV3 lanes in the Springfield area. So let’s look at several concerns drivers have about this portion of the project. (And if you’re still confused or angry or both by the time you’re done reading and looking at the map, please let me know.)
The map shows the new traffic pattern for I-395 when the 95 Express Lanes open. (Transurban map)
Green line. Look first at the green line in the middle of the highway on the map’s lower half. If we zoomed out, you’d see that green line continuing south 29 miles. Much of that distance today is HOV3, open at peak periods to vehicles with at least three persons aboard and open to all at off-peak times. (As long as you’re going in the right direction. The lanes are reversible.)
Once the 95 Express Lanes open, the reversible part stays the same, but other rules change. You need an E-ZPass to drive along the green line. If you aren’t an HOV3 carpooler, a toll will be collected via the E-ZPass. Before entering the express lanes, you will pass several electronic signs telling you what the current toll is to three destinations. The toll will vary with the level of traffic but there’s always going to be some toll. It won’t matter what time of day, and it won’t matter whether you’re taking a long trip or a short trip in the express lanes. There will be some toll collected.
If you drive with at least three people in the vehicle, and you have an E-ZPass Flex transponder set to “HOV on,” you will get a free ride through the green area.
Orange line. If we zoomed out on the orange line on the upper part of the map, you would see it extending all the way to the Potomac River. Today, those lanes are part of the HOV system. When the express lanes open to the south, those lanes in orange will still be part of the HOV system. The HOV3 access rules you encounter today will be the same. Travel along the orange line is not subject to tolling.
Red line. The map’s two red lines show the feature that may be the most difficult adjustment for drivers using the express lanes. If you are a toll-paying driver heading north out of that green zone, and you’re traveling during peak hours on weekdays, you will need to move right so you can take that ramp leading to the regular lanes of I-395. If you don’t do that — if you continue northbound onto the orange line — you could get a ticket from police enforcing the I-395 HOV rules.
That other red line, marking the ramp on the southbound side, represents an upside of the project for many drivers who now travel the regular lanes of I-395 South during the evening rush because they don’t meet the HOV3 rules. If they have an E-ZPass and are willing to pay the toll, they can use that red ramp to enter the 95 Express Lanes for a congestion-free trip.
Blue line. The blue lines show the regular lanes of I-395. If we zoomed out on the map, drivers would see I-395 linking with I-95 to the south and continuing into the District in the north. There won’t be anything different about the blue lines once the express lanes open. They won’t be HOV or toll at any time.
A northbound driver in the regular lanes could use that blue ramp to enter the HOV lanes, skipping past the point where the tolled lanes end.
Drivers heading south in the afternoon along the orange line, marking the HOV3 lanes, also have some decisions to make in this area. If there are at least three people in the vehicle and they have an E-ZPass Flex set to “HOV on,” they can continue straight ahead into the green zone, where the 95 Express Lanes will start.
But if the carpooler doesn’t have an E-ZPass Flex and continues south along that green line, cameras in the gantries along the way are going to record images of the vehicle’s license plate, and a bill for the toll plus a fee will eventually be sent to the vehicle’s owner.
Another driver might have carpooled north in the morning, but is driving home solo in the afternoon. Be sure to flip that E-ZPass Flex out of its carpool setting. If you forget and continue into the green zone, where the express lanes start, you will be subject to a ticket. The police can detect that you have the transponder on the carpool setting, and they can see that you don’t have enough people aboard.
Many drivers tell me they wait till the HOV3 rules expire at 6 p.m. before starting their southbound trip from the District. They will be fine as long as they follow the orange line. But the E-ZPass tolling rules start for them, and everyone else, when they reach the green line. It won’t matter if they are on the express lanes for just a few miles. They still will pay a toll.
So these southbound drivers in the HOV lanes who don’t have some form of E-ZPass, or just don’t want to pay any toll, will need to watch for that blue ramp leading them back into the regular lanes of I-395 before the express lanes start.
See also

North Korea ordered citizens named Kim Jong Un to change their names  says new reportBy Ishaan Tharoor December 3 Follow @ishaantharoor
This undated picture released by North Korea's official news agency on Nov. 28 shows North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, center, inspecting a flight drill at an undisclosed location. (Korean Central News Agency via Agence France-Presse/Getty Images)
Kim Jong Un, North Korea's young dictator, sits at the top of a nation that for decades has enshrined the ruling Kim dynasty as demigods. The personality cult that surrounds the hermit kingdom's leadership is one of the strange realities of this pariah state, spawning eerie totalitarian spectacles and the most vigorous displays of clapping the world has ever seen.
It also leads to whole ranks of the population having to surrender their names .
According to a new report on a South Korean TV station, North Korean authorities issued a directive in 2011 — when Kim Jong Un came to power after the death of his father, Kim Jong Il — to reject birth certificates of newborns named Kim Jong Un and to revise the official documentation and identity cards of those who still had that name.
“All party organs and public security authorities should make a list of residents named Kim Jong Un … and train them to voluntarily change their names,” read the document , which was revealed by the KBS TV station on Tuesday.
“Authorities should make sure that there is no one making unnecessary complaints or spreading gossip … regarding this project,” it said.
The document had been obtained by a North Korean defector who reached South Korea in 2008. As is often the case with these sorts of revelations, its authenticity cannot be independently confirmed.
But the order, if true, should not come as a surprise. Both Kim's father and grandfather Kim Il Sung instituted the same vanity project, insisting on being the first and last holders of their names. The practice has echoes in the deep history of East Asian kingdoms but, like much else in North Korea, really ought not have a place in the 21st century.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

Improving Chicago construction sector still has work to doImproving Chicago construction sector still has work to do
Stacey Wescott
Brian Neukomm (cq) directs a large crane where to go as construction crews prepare to drill piles on the Coon Creek Bridge along I-90 in Unincorporated McHenry County on Thursday, Feb. 28, 2013.
Brian Neukomm (cq) directs a large crane where to go as construction crews prepare to drill piles on the Coon Creek Bridge along I-90 in Unincorporated McHenry County on Thursday, Feb. 28, 2013. (Stacey Wescott)
Chicago has issued more than 1,400 permits this year for homes, small buildings
Chicago's construction recovery reflected in building permits
The construction of single-family homes and other small to midsize construction projects in Chicago has continued to improve by one measure, but remains far below its pace set before the real estate market crash.
As of Nov. 15, the city's Building Department issued 1,436 permits for small to midsize construction developments. That compares with 1,202 permits a year earlier and a low of 573 permits on that date in 2010. Still, this year's figure is well off the 1,747 permits issued by mid-November 2007.

PSU refiners want specialised trading desks for crude oilPSU refiners want specialised trading desks for crude oil
NBC News doc Nancy Snyderman: Good people can make mistakesBy Erik Wemple December 3 Follow @ErikWemple
Here’s what should be the final chapter in the saga of Nancy Snyderman , the NBC News chief medical editor who went to Liberia and then came back in early October under a voluntary quarantine that she violated. After finishing that quarantine and spending several idle weeks, Snyderman this morning returned to the air and said something that media types rarely say: “I’m very sorry,” she said in a “Today” show chat with Matt Lauer. She apologized for “not only scaring my community and the country but adding to the confusion of terms that came as fast and furious as the news about Ebola did,” she said. She and her team weren’t sensitive to “how absolutely frightened Americans were,” said Snyderman.
“Good people can make mistakes, and I stepped outside the boundaries of what I promised to do and what the public expected of me and for that I’m sorry,” she continued. Doctor, the Erik Wemple Blog will be the judge of who’s a good person. That said, this is an excellent apology.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Appeals court issues stay for Scott Panetti  mentally ill Texas inmate facing executionBy Sarah Larimer December 3 Follow @slarimer
A U.S. federal appeals court issued a stay of execution for mentally ill Texas death row inmate Scott Panetti on Wednesday, who was set to be put to death for the murder of two people in 1992. (Reuters)
A federal appeals court stayed the scheduled execution of a Texas inmate Wednesday, just hours before he was expected to be put to death for killing his estranged wife’s parents.
The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orlean s granted the stay for Scott Panetti, whose attorneys have argued that  he is too mentally ill to be executed .
“We stay the execution pending further order of the court to allow us to fully consider the late arriving and complex legal questions at issue in this matter,” Wednesday’s ruling read. “An order setting a briefing schedule and oral argument will follow.”
Panetti wore camouflage when he drove to the home of Joe and Amanda Alvarado in 1992, breaking the lock on the front door, and entering the house. He killed his wife’s parents in front of both her and their daughter. He then held his wife and daughter hostage, before eventually surrendering to police .
According to the Associated Press :
At his trial, he acted as his own attorney, dressed in a purple cowboy outfit, attempted to subpoena more than 200 witnesses, including the pope and Jesus Christ, and took on an alternate personality, “Sarge,” to testify.
Earlier this week, the Texas Board of Pardons and Paroles declined to delay the execution or commute Panetti’s sentence to life. The vote was unanimous, the AP reported .
The case has drawn the attention of opponents of the death penalty, advocates for mental health reform, and a number of conservative leaders, who in November wrote Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) and asked that Panetti’s sentence be commuted .
Panetti’s attorneys, Greg Wiercioch and Kathryn Kase, said in a statement that they were “grateful” for the court’s decision.
“We believe that people who live with severe mental illness should have treatment options to keep themselves and others safe,” the statement read. “When people who have severe mental illness enter our criminal justice system, the system has a moral obligation to respond appropriately to the limitations and deficits presented by mental illness.”
According to Texas Defender Services, the nonprofit for which Kase serves as executive director , Panetti has for decades struggled with mental illness, starting with a 1978 diagnosis of “early schizophrenia.”
Attorneys for the state have argued that Panetti, who was never found incompetent or insane during legal proceedings, was fit to stand trial . The state isn’t expected to immediately appeal the stay.
“Panetti’s assertion of severe mental illness are in doubt when compared to the multiple past findings on his sanity, competency to stand trial and competency to be executed, as well as evidence submitted by the state,” said Ellen Stewart-Klein, an assistant Texas attorney general, according to AP. “Panetti’s case is an inappropriate one to create a new rule of law.”
This post has been updated.
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

What You Need to Know About Takata Air Bag RecallIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Pentagon pick will lack autonomy he needsObama’s Pentagon favourite will lack the autonomy he needs
Edward Luce
Ashton Carter is a stellar choice but he is likely to be undermined by White House micromanagement
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4b06cb60-7b12-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hungary calls in US envoy over McCain jibeHungary calls in US envoy over ‘unacceptable’ comments by McCain
By Andrew Byrne in Budapest
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/210fcf82-7b03-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Panel expediting report on insurance Bill draws Oppn flakPanel expediting report on insurance Bill draws Oppn flak
Martha Stewart to Open Coffee ShopIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

US Stocks Trade Slightly HigherIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Sony Denies It Will Soon Name N Korea as HackerIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Reserve money with RBI climbs 8.2%Reserve money with RBI climbs 8.2%
Just for once  Aussies show they have a softer sidetooWritten by Bharat Sundaresan |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:17 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 5:27 pm
Australia doesn’t do mushy. It kind of abhors it. If you are one of those who have seen Masterchef and thought they’re all as cuddly and teddy-bearish, like the judges and the participants on the show, you in for a rude shock. Not to say that the Aussies are rude. They’re not. They’re a courteous lot. The other day, a lady gave up her spot in a long queue at the check-in counter to help an old man get a wheelchair at the Sydney airport.
You are never far away from a “G’day mate”, and in contrast to the reputation that precedes them, they smile and laugh a lot, especially when they’re holding a beer can or a mug in their hands.
But Down Under, they don’t believe in giving a quarter, not that they expect one from you.
Hit a bump in life? Looking for someone to say it’s ok? No, you’re not getting an “Aww” from an Aussie. More like an “Aww, shake it off and get on with it mate.” For the rest of the world, Australia is all about brawny men guzzling beer, women with blonde hair speaking with a nasal twang and surf boards.
And of course, the sun, the sand and the shades. And speaking of shades, there were few at the Adelaide Oval who didn’t sport a pair on Wednesday afternoon. The sunglasses ranged from oval, to circular to the oblique. But they all were armed with dark lens, the darker the better. For, on Wednesday Australia wasn’t covering its eyes from the searing sun. It was instead trying its best to conceal its new-found tryst with its maudlin side. One that has surfaced and taken hold ever since Phillip Hughes was felled with a bouncer last week before he succumbed tragically to the resultant injury. And as they soaked in the emotionally-charged eulogies being read out from Macksville on the big screens placed around the Adelaide Oval, even the dark shades could barely contain the untold grip of sorrow that had gripped the nation.
Princess Diana moment
It wasn’t just the lady in red with the knitted purse who had tears rolling down her cheeks. It was the burly ex-serviceman to her left with the jowl and a dragon tattoo. And also the greying investment banker in his beige vest and coat to her right. It was almost like Australia was letting go of its inhibitions, all at once. With his unfortunate passing, Phillip Hughes had busted the myth of the Aussie stereotype.
On Tuesday, Greg Chappell referred to Hughes’ death and the subsequent outpouring of love and compassion from all corners as Australia’s Princess Diana moment. Once you hear a Chappell speak about anything with empathy, you know that the Aussies have gone a touch softer in the last week.
The ghastly death aside, it’s the fact continued…

Hemants ego battle vs the other former deputyCMWritten by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Silli |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:16 am
The only petrol pump in Silli town of Ranchi district never has an idle moment these days: young men fill petrol and roam the streets on bikes with flags of political parties tied to them. From a distance, the flags look the same, all with a generous helping of green. Closer inspection reveals the AJSU Party’s banana symbol on most, the JMM’s bow-and-arrow on some.
Silli, which will vote on December 9, is set to witness one of the fiercest fights in the state, one in which egos will take a bruising.
Three-time legislator and AJSU Party chief Sudesh Mahto, 39, is up against Amit Kumar Mahato, 37, of the JMM in Silli. This is the third straight time the two will face off. What makes this particular contest significant is the forces behind them.
The BJP invited the wrath of the RSS when it went into an alliance with the AJSU, a deal driven by AJSU-supported RS member Parimal Nathwani and BJP leader Arjun Munda. The AJSU, which has six MLAs, will contest eight seats. The alliance not only angered BJP cadre but also a number of AJSU supporters, who left alleging Sudesh had used the deal to promote his family. For Chief Minister Hemant Soren, helping Amit win would mean going one up on Sudesh, who was a fellow deputy CM in the last Munda government.
Sudesh, who his opponents allege uses money to buy the support of youngsters, has set out to disprove those who thought he would no longer have the resources after contesting and losing the Lok Sabha polls from Ranchi. He had used his time as a minister in each of the four BJP governments —his supporters address him as mantriji — to carry out extensive work in Silli and will now activate various networks created through Gunj Parivar, an NGO he runs.
When Hemant Soren held a rally on Wednesday, he went all out against the alliance. “Sudesh has sold his party for Rs 200 crore,”  he alleged. Amit, who defected from the BJP after realising he would not be given a seat, tries to portray himself as the boy-next-door who should be given a chance against neta Sudesh. “What good are the roads and stadiums?” he asked, referring to what Sudesh built. “Our farmers need need water and electricity.”
Both are Kurmi Mahatos and each will eat into the other’s votebank. In 2005, Amit was 19,312 votes behind Sudesh; in 2009, he managed to cut the lead to 7,707. However, Amit has migrated too many times: he was a JMM candidate in 2005, a JVM-P one in 2009 and later went to the BJP before returning to the JMM. It is clear that in Mahato-majority Silli, his benefactors are the rich from other castes: Mukesh Sahu’s house in Silli has become the headquarters of each party Amit travelled to.

Channel Nine gives Sean Abbott  respect  during Hughes  funeralChannel Nine gives Sean Abbott 'respect' during Hughes' funeral
PTI
print
Australian bowler Sean Abbott (R) arrives for Hughes' funeral on Wednesday. The funeral for Hughes turned into a celebration of his life despite the grief and sorrow still evident from his death.(AFP Photo)
Covering the widely watched funeral of late Phillip Hughes, Channel Nine producers gave Sean Abbott his moment of space by deliberately keeping the camera away from the New South Wales pacer, while the proceedings went on live.
In what probably would have been the toughest day for Abbott, whose bouncer was responsible for Hughes' injury, the media respected the pacer's sentiments by maintaining a distance.
Dressed in a dark blue suit, Abbott, 22, walked alongside his parents down the street towards the school hall where the funeral was held as photographers clicked a few pictures.
Abbott's girlfriend, Brier Neil, had grabbed the player's waist tightly as she walked next to him down Wallace Street, through the Macksville locals and into the sanctuary of the RSL club, reported Sydney Morning Herald.
Knowing the camera lenses were well and truly fixed on him, Abbott did not falter once.
Other mourners reached out to shake Abbott's hand, most notably former Test and one-day cricket player Dean Jones, before he joined his NSW teammates for the service.
His mother, Georgina, and father, Nathan, have stood with their eldest son as rock during the past week, as have dozens of cricketers who have supported the youngster in these terrible times.
After numerous counselling sessions that the young player was taken through post Hughes' demise two days after the fateful incident, Abbott had returned to the 'nets' on Tuesday.

http://usat.ly/1tFqvagFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Zillow facing sexual harassment suit
A former employee of Zillow is suing the real estate giant for sexual harassment, comparing the company's internal culture to an "adult frat house."
Post to Facebook
Zillow facing sexual harassment suit A former employee of Zillow is suing the real estate giant for sexual harassment, comparing the company's internal culture to an "adult frat house." Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CFelro
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Zillow facing sexual harassment suit
Brett Molina and Jessica Guynn, USA TODAY 3:34 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Zillow's homepage.
97 CONNECT 53 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
A former employee of Zillow is suing the real estate giant for sexual harassment, comparing the company's internal culture to an "adult frat house."
According to the filing in federal court, Rachel Kremer accused Zillow management of "despicable and inappropriate sexual conduct" while she was employed there.
The lawsuit alleges Kremer received several explicit text messages and an e-mail with an advertisement for a  sex toy.
In a statement, Zillow says it investigated the claims and fired an employee in its Irvine, Calif., office.
"The allegations in the complaint do not reflect Zillow's culture or workplace and are completely inconsistent with our values," said Zillow spokeswoman Jill Simmons. "We don't tolerate harassment of any kind."
Kremer's attorney, Mark Geragos, said he has "no doubt" the lawsuit will expand.
Current and former Zillow employees from Irvine and other offices have contacted his firm since he filed the lawsuit, he said, corroborating his client's claims of pervasive sexism inside Zillow.
"Given the number of people who have made inquiries and have already signed up at our office, it is clearly a major problem at this company," said Geragos. "They need a global resolution."
This is not the first lawsuit tied to Zillow's Irvine office. According to the Orange County Register , another Irvine employee filed a lawsuit against the real estate company for failing to pay overtime.
The charges are just the latest in a rash of lawsuits over alleged sexism and discrimination in the mostly male technology industry.
Earlier this year, Tinder, which is a popular dating app, settled a lawsuit from Whitney Wolfe, its former vice president of marketing, who alleged she was subjected to a pattern of sexist behavior.
Next month, a gender discrimination and retaliation lawsuit goes to trial against prominent Silicon Valley venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers.
The suit, filed in 2012 by former partner Ellen Pao, shined a bright light on an uncomfortable reality: Women say they routinely deal with sexism on the job in the freewheeling industry. Kleiner Perkins denies the allegations.
Charges of sexism have embarrassed an industry that prides itself on being a meritocracy where anyone regardless of gender or race can succeed.
Many people blame the industry's gender gap for a "brogrammer" culture, a hybrid of "bro" and "programmer" that describes the frat-house attitudes and behavior inside some companies.
97 CONNECT 53 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CFelro
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

http://usat.ly/1rY3v5OFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Man eaten by anaconda: 'Last thing I saw was her mouth'
Discovery's 'Eaten Alive' special airs on December 7th and will show Paul Rosolie being eaten alive by an anaconda
Post to Facebook
Man eaten by anaconda: 'Last thing I saw was her mouth' Discovery's 'Eaten Alive' special airs on December 7th and will show Paul Rosolie being eaten alive by an anaconda Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zR5cWX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
106
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Man eaten by anaconda: 'Last thing I saw was her mouth'
Emily Brown , USATODAY 1:23 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Discovery's 'Eaten Alive' special airs on December 7th and will show Paul Rosolie being eaten alive by an anaconda. Rosolie spoke to Entertainment Weekly about the experience. Gillian Pensavalle (@GillianWithaG) has more. Video provided by Buzz60 Newslook
A scene from the Discovery Channel special "Eaten Alive," where wildlife expert Paul Rosolie will be consumed by an anaconda while wearing a special suit. The program will air on Dec. 7.
(Photo: Discovery Channel)
11316 CONNECT 467 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 106 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Yes, it's confusing. Paul Rosolie was eaten alive by an anaconda and now he's giving interviews.
His stunt – which he says he survived by wearing a carbon-fiber snake-proof suit – was filmed and will air on the Discovery Channel on Sunday in a show called Eaten Alive. Spoiler alert: The fact that he's giving an interview to Entertainment Weekly makes us think he lived.
"She nailed me right in the face," Rosolie tells EW, "and the last thing I saw was her mouth wide open before everything went black. And then she wrapped me and I felt the suit cracking and my arms ripping out of their sockets. It was absolutely terrifying."
Rosolie says he's experienced backlash from animal rights supporters, concerned for the snake. "People all over the world have been calling me saying they hope I get Ebola, that they hope I die, that they think I'm heinous and inhuman and horrible, and that I'm 'the Hitler of animals'," Rosolie said.
Watch the video to see his special suit and the giant snake. The full show airs on Discovery at 9 p.m. ET.

Mobile Payment Services Offer Holiday DealsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Cruz: Stand up and use the power of the purse against Obama immigration actionBy Jose A. DelReal December 3 Follow jdelreal
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) railed against President Obama’s immigration plan Wednesday. The Republican-led House may vote this week to block Obama, a largely symbolic move. (AP)
Speaking to a group of conservative activists gathered in front of the Capitol Building on Wednesday, GOP Sen. Ted Cruz (Texas) challenged his colleagues in Congress to “use the power of the purse” to respond to President Obama’s executive action on immigration.
"Congress should stand up and use the power of the purse to say, 'We will fund the operation of the federal government but we will not allocate taxpayer dollars to lawless and illegal amnesty,’” he told the group of about 100 people. “Not one dime can be spent by the federal government without authorization from the Congress of the United States.”
(Related: Republican strategy to counter Obama immigration moves emerging)
Cruz stood alongside outspoken Republican Reps. Steve King (Iowa) and Michele Bachmann (Minn.), who took turns hammering the president for granting what they called “illegal amnesty” to nearly 5 million undocumented immigrants. Some of those attendees said they drove from as far as North Carolina and Pennsylvania. Several said they were happy the event was held but mentioned they were expecting a larger rally.
“King Obama!” shouted a man from somewhere within the cluster of American flags and tea party banners.
“He’s not my king! And he’s not my president, either,” called out a woman, responding with a laugh.
Bachmann, King and several other speakers took turns at the podium detailing their views on the issue, frequently making the point that they believe the president's policy could hurt American workers and suggesting that Obama's use of executive authority on immigration shortchanged others who went through the convoluted legal immigration process.
“I’m kind to foreigners. You haven’t seen it, but at 2 in the morning I’ve given little children food because I knew they were hungry,” said Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert. “But as a government, the highest form of Christianity you can practice is to be impartial. That’s throughout proverbs.”
Cruz criticized Democrats for “trying to take advantage of the Hispanic community” and accused them of using immigration reform as a political weapon.
“I’ll point out to members of the Hispanic community that Democrats are very fond of using immigration to campaign in election season, and yet when Democrats controlled the White House, the House of Representatives, and the Senate, they did nothing on immigration,” Cruz told reporters.
Jose DelReal is a blogger for Post Politics.

With Eric Garner  Obamas body camera argument just took a big hitBy Nia-Malika Henderson December 3 Follow @niawapo
A 400- pound asthmatic Eric Garner died while being arrested by police in Staten Island. (NY Daily News via Getty Images)
President Obama announced this week that, in response to Ferguson and other cases of cops killing unarmed black men, the White House would  call for $75 million to make 50,000 body cameras available to police departments across the country.
But on Wednesday, a grand jury declined to indict New York police officers in the choking death of Eric Garner -- a case in which there was footage. And the timing couldn't really be worse for the White House.
One activist who attended a White House meeting with Obama on Monday and talked with NBC News suggested that cameras weren't exactly a cure-all:
Antoine White, a hip-hop artist from St. Louis who is known as T-Dubb-O, said of body cameras during an interview, "I still consider it a Band-Aid" on a much larger problem. "Giving a policeman a camera does not prevent him from shooting me in the head," he said, noting officers at times don't turn on the cameras.
Proponents of expanding the use of body cameras point to Rialto, Calif., where complaints against police officers fell by 88 percent a year after they were put into use in 2012 . And more than anything, the use of technology to prevent more Fergusons has been something plenty of people with very different views of what happened could agree upon.
President Obama announced a $263 million spending package on Monday for police departments to improve community relations in the wake nation-wide unrest following the shooting death of Michael Brown. (Reuters)
And it's really only a matter of time. Jim Buerrmann, president of the Police Foundation in Washington, told the Post that, "Within the next five years or so, body-worn cameras will be as ubiquitous in the world of policing as handcuffs, the police radio, the gun."
The use of body cameras by police officers could certainly make them police themselves more and have the same effect on people they interact with. But they don't seem to have increased the chances of discipline when it comes to Garner, whose death was ruled a homicide.
White House press secretary Josh Earnest, speaking at the daily briefing on Thursday, defended the notion that law enforcement body cameras might improve relations between police and the communities they serve. (AP)
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio (D) said that he plans to request federal funding for body cameras . It's unclear whether Obama, who has made the most high-profile push for body cameras, will get congressional support for his proposal.
But the videotaped death of Garner and the failure to get an indictment will likely be used by activists to push for much more than just cameras.
 

Defence says PAC madescapegoatWritten by Kaunain Sherrif | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:29 am
The main defence counsel in 1987 Hashimpura massacre case, in which PAC personnel allegedly killed 40 Muslim men, said the PAC was made a “scapegoat” in the probe.
Advocate L D Mual, who concluded his final arguments in the case Tuesday, stated that the prosecution had “failed to prove” the case and had also not explained why the roles of Army and police during the riots was not probed.
“Based on testimonies of prosecution witnesses, there is enough evidence of the presence of military and police. Why did the prosecution not investigate the role of army and police. The PAC has been made a scapegoat and has been falsely implicated,” Mual said.
He also spoke of the prosecution’s failure to establish the identity of the accused PAC personnel. “Not a single description of the accused persons has been established during the cross-examination. The only thing that has been mentioned is that persons wearing yellow uniform were present. But no constabulary was found to have uniform of that colour,” he said.
“There are witnesses who said they cannot identify the PAC and some do not even mention their presence. Also, that there is no evidence on how many PAC officials were posted on duty,” he added.
Delving into the details of weapons used in the crime, Mual said: “The rifles were produced and not recovered, and that too, in an unsealed manner. There is no mention of what weapons were used or how many bullets were recovered. Not a single weapon was produced for examination,” the advocate said.
On the truck that was reportedly used during the firing, the defence said the prosecution had argued that when the vehicle was washed, red water was found. “But there was no examination on this regard also. And there is no forensic evidence of the presence of blood,” he said.

http://usat.ly/15PlpmHDow, S&P 500 notch record closes
The Dow ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 notch record closes The Dow ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CF4e5U
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 notch record closes
Jane Onyanga-Omara and Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 4:22 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve's Interest rates Mario Draghi the Fed rescue squad system Investors Europe's
Adam Shell reports: Europe’s economy is still sick, and inflation is way too low. Can the European Central Bank do more to stem the downward spiral? Video by Jason Allen
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  Europe's economy is still sick and inflation is way too
00:04  low. And to the rescue squad the European Central Bank. Will
00:09  they do more to stem the downward spiral. I have madam
00:12  shell and this is America's markets. ECB led by Mario Draghi
00:22  meets Thursday. So Walsh we will find out soon if there
00:26  ready to pump more stimulus into the system. Investors say another
00:30  jolt is needed to jumpstart growth in the Euro zone. A
00:34  reading on private sector activity in the Euro zone it is
00:37  sixteen month low last month. And inflation is just a few
00:40  kicks from flat lining. It's not like ECB isn't trying to
00:44  revive its wobbly economy. Interest rates are at record lows it's
00:48  making new cheaper loans to banks. It's also been buying covered
00:52  bonds and other asset backed securities to get more cash flowing
00:56  through the veins of the economy. But those steps haven't cured
00:59  the problem. What she wants the ECB to take a page
01:03  from the Federal Reserve's crisis plan. They want Draghi to start
01:07  buying government bonds like the Fed did during the financial crisis
01:11  with its quantitative easing program known as few week. And not
01:15  shell QE works like this. The ECB would buy government bonds
01:19  from regular banks that hold them. The hope is those banks
01:22  then use the extra cash they get from the bond sales
01:26  to make loans. Healy also helps push down barring costs. Draghi
01:31  hinted last week that full blown QE is on the table.
01:34  But Wall Street doesn't think he will pull the trigger tomorrow.
01:38  Why the ECB wants to give its current lose the chance
01:41  to work. There's also legal questions surrounding the plant still hopes
01:45  for new more aggressive stimulus from the ECB early next year
01:49  are on the rise. Investors wanna hear Draghi say he's ready
01:53  to pull the trigger soon on its own QE program. Anything
01:58  less will likely disappoint market.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
37 CONNECT 100 TWEET 9 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks climbed a bit Wednesday, with the Dow and S&P 500 notching all-time closing highs as economic reports showed steady growth on jobs and in other fronts.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session. The S&P 500's 0.4% gain was enough to send that broader index past its previous record close set exactly one week ago.
After its gain of 33 points, the blue-chip Dow settled at its new high of 17,912.62. The S&P 500's new number to beat is 2074.33, an increase for the day of nearly 8 points.
Finishing 0.4% higher, the Nasdaq composite ended the day at 4774.47.
On Tuesday, the Dow hit a new all-time closing high of 17,879.55 – about 51 points above the prior record close set Friday.
Monthly Markets Checkup: 6 things for December
The private sector added 208,000 jobs in November , payroll processor ADP said Wednesday, as the labor market continued to defy mixed economic news.
Economists had estimated ADP would report 226,000 new private sector jobs, according to Action Economics' survey. They expect the Labor Department's closely watched survey on Friday to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.
Services firms expanded at a faster pace in November , a signal that overall economic growth should remain robust. The Institute for Supply Management says its services index rose to 59.3 last month, up from 57.1 in October.
Worker productivity increased in the July-September quarter at a slightly faster pace than previously estimated while labor costs declined for a second straight quarter. Productivity, the amount of output per hour of work, increased at an annual rate of 2.3% in the third quarter while labor costs fell at a rate of 1%, the Labor Department reported Wednesday.
European stocks ended mixed.
In Asia on Wednesday, Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose 0.32% and Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 0.95%.
The Russian ruble has extended a week of decline, fueled by low oil prices and Western sanctions against Russia over its role in Ukraine's crisis.
The ruble traded 1.7% lower at 54.8 against the U.S. dollar on Wednesday morning, losing over 16% of its value in the past five trading days.
Contributing: Associated Press.

http://usat.ly/1CF4e5UDow, S&P 500 notch record closes
The Dow ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 notch record closes The Dow ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CF4e5U
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 notch record closes
Jane Onyanga-Omara and Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 4:22 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve's Interest rates Mario Draghi the Fed rescue squad system Investors Europe's
Adam Shell reports: Europe’s economy is still sick, and inflation is way too low. Can the European Central Bank do more to stem the downward spiral? Video by Jason Allen
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  Europe's economy is still sick and inflation is way too
00:04  low. And to the rescue squad the European Central Bank. Will
00:09  they do more to stem the downward spiral. I have madam
00:12  shell and this is America's markets. ECB led by Mario Draghi
00:22  meets Thursday. So Walsh we will find out soon if there
00:26  ready to pump more stimulus into the system. Investors say another
00:30  jolt is needed to jumpstart growth in the Euro zone. A
00:34  reading on private sector activity in the Euro zone it is
00:37  sixteen month low last month. And inflation is just a few
00:40  kicks from flat lining. It's not like ECB isn't trying to
00:44  revive its wobbly economy. Interest rates are at record lows it's
00:48  making new cheaper loans to banks. It's also been buying covered
00:52  bonds and other asset backed securities to get more cash flowing
00:56  through the veins of the economy. But those steps haven't cured
00:59  the problem. What she wants the ECB to take a page
01:03  from the Federal Reserve's crisis plan. They want Draghi to start
01:07  buying government bonds like the Fed did during the financial crisis
01:11  with its quantitative easing program known as few week. And not
01:15  shell QE works like this. The ECB would buy government bonds
01:19  from regular banks that hold them. The hope is those banks
01:22  then use the extra cash they get from the bond sales
01:26  to make loans. Healy also helps push down barring costs. Draghi
01:31  hinted last week that full blown QE is on the table.
01:34  But Wall Street doesn't think he will pull the trigger tomorrow.
01:38  Why the ECB wants to give its current lose the chance
01:41  to work. There's also legal questions surrounding the plant still hopes
01:45  for new more aggressive stimulus from the ECB early next year
01:49  are on the rise. Investors wanna hear Draghi say he's ready
01:53  to pull the trigger soon on its own QE program. Anything
01:58  less will likely disappoint market.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
37 CONNECT 100 TWEET 9 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks climbed a bit Wednesday, with the Dow and S&P 500 notching all-time closing highs as economic reports showed steady growth on jobs and in other fronts.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session. The S&P 500's 0.4% gain was enough to send that broader index past its previous record close set exactly one week ago.
After its gain of 33 points, the blue-chip Dow settled at its new high of 17,912.62. The S&P 500's new number to beat is 2074.33, an increase for the day of nearly 8 points.
Finishing 0.4% higher, the Nasdaq composite ended the day at 4774.47.
On Tuesday, the Dow hit a new all-time closing high of 17,879.55 – about 51 points above the prior record close set Friday.
Monthly Markets Checkup: 6 things for December
The private sector added 208,000 jobs in November , payroll processor ADP said Wednesday, as the labor market continued to defy mixed economic news.
Economists had estimated ADP would report 226,000 new private sector jobs, according to Action Economics' survey. They expect the Labor Department's closely watched survey on Friday to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.
Services firms expanded at a faster pace in November , a signal that overall economic growth should remain robust. The Institute for Supply Management says its services index rose to 59.3 last month, up from 57.1 in October.
Worker productivity increased in the July-September quarter at a slightly faster pace than previously estimated while labor costs declined for a second straight quarter. Productivity, the amount of output per hour of work, increased at an annual rate of 2.3% in the third quarter while labor costs fell at a rate of 1%, the Labor Department reported Wednesday.
European stocks ended mixed.
In Asia on Wednesday, Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose 0.32% and Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 0.95%.
The Russian ruble has extended a week of decline, fueled by low oil prices and Western sanctions against Russia over its role in Ukraine's crisis.
The ruble traded 1.7% lower at 54.8 against the U.S. dollar on Wednesday morning, losing over 16% of its value in the past five trading days.
Contributing: Associated Press.

House Democrats React to Eric Garner Indictment DecisionHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"SOON: VP Biden Delivers Remarks at National Menorah...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/WhiteHouse_GoStream_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"SOON: VP Biden Delivers Remarks at National Menorah Lighting","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/WhiteHouse_GoStream_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14476486,"hedshort":"Coming Up: Live Report - Body Found in Search for...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Coming Up: Live Report - Body Found in Search for Pennsylvania Shooting Suspect","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"Coming Up: Pennsylvania Officials Give Update on...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Coming Up: Pennsylvania Officials Give Update on Body Found in Hunt for Shooting Suspect","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"}]

2015 setting up for global growth: Pro2015 setting up for global growth: pro
Dow  S&P 500 end at record highs on upbeat dataDow, S&P 500 edge up as energy shares rebound; Nasdaq slips
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
CVS Health
The Dow and S&P 500 were holding onto small gains in volatile trading Tuesday afternoon, helped by a rebound in energy shares and investor bets the Federal Reserve will be cautious in removing support in the face of a more fragile global economy.
8
But both indexes were well off their highs for the day, with consumer discretionary shares the biggest drag on the S&P, while the Nasdaq was lower. Shares of Amazon were down 2.5 percent.
The S&P 500 moved more than 40 points from its high of the day to its low.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
Futures crumbled in early trading as the ruble neared 80 per U.S. dollar, down 21 percent. The Russian currency sharply pared its losses and was down about 3 percent, near 68 per dollar.
Brent crude fell as much as 4.2 percent but was last down 2.3 percent at $59.65 a barrel. U.S. crude, which fell as much as 4.1 percent, was last down 31 cents at $55.60.
Still the S&P energy index was up 1.6 percent, leading gains on the S&P 500, as investors snapped up beaten down shares. The index is down 15.6 percent for the year so far following a sharp selloff in oil prices since June.
"There were many, many stocks, especially in the energy sector that were just trading at absolutely ridiculous prices to their fair market valuation," said Paul Mendelsohn, chief investment strategist at Windham Financial Services in Charlotte, Vermont.
At 1:43PM the Dow Jones industrial average rose 64.46 points, or 0.38 percent, to 17,245.3, the S&P 500 gained 5.82 points, or 0.29 percent, to 1,995.45 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 4.18 points, or 0.09 percent, to 4,600.98.
Chevron, up 2.6 percent, was leading the points advance in the sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among the top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 7.6 percent, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 8.4 percent.
Market participants also said bets on the Federal Reserve's next move were giving stocks support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
CVS Health Corp rose 3.8 percent to $94.14 after issuing a strong 2015 forecast. 3M lifted its dividend and was the top points gainer on the Dow industrials with a 2.2 percent advance. Boeing, up 2.3 percent, was among the best performers after it raised its dividend and perked up its buyback program.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 1,841 to 1,188, for a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,601 issues rose and 1,081 fell for a 1.48-to-1 ratio.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos and Chuck Mikolajczak; editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

BSE makes new record above Rs 100 trn at closing bellBSE makes new record above Rs 100 trn at closing bell
Paul seeks  declaration of war  on Islamic StatePaul seeks  declaration of war  on Islamic State
Excise duty on oil & diesel raised to meet budget deficitExcise duty on oil & diesel raised to meet budget deficit
Fresh cracks in India s pharma pipeline to USFresh cracks in India s pharma pipeline to US
Rushil may reach 65 intradsy today (thursday)Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Local duds satta player and satta promoter analysts are sleeping and n...156 Followers
IT firms warm up to Internet of Things
Six big IT services providers are using IoT applications, many of these in partnerships with start-ups too, to help clients
http://t.in.com/bNm3
Farm-to-fork offering
Tech Mahindra Ltd has indigenous device testing labs, certified by Qualcomm Inc., for testing devices, prototyping, assembly and manufacturing, custom application building and smart grid data capture in collaboration with several equipment and solution providers, according a Tech Mahindra spokesperson. The company also offers smart parking, smart street lighting and smart vehicle diagnostics for commercial vehicles.
On 18 September, Tech Mahindra announced a partnership with Bosch Software Innovations GmbH to create an IoT ecosystem. This will develop proof of concepts and solutions that will focus on developing connected solutions for smart cities, enterprises and smart homes.
Tech Mahindra’s IoT solutions include a farm-to-fork solution, which integrates the power of telematics, sensors and telecom technologies to monitor the temperature of fresh produce during transit, provide better inventory management and reduce supply-chain cost. “Tech Mahindra has showcased and implemented this solution for multinational companies like Nestle SA, Dole Food Co. Inc., Private Label Manufacturers Association and Mobile World Congress,” said the spokesperson.
Other IoT applications include a remote patient monitoring solution that enables monitoring of patients outside of conventional clinical settings with in-built algorithms, alerts and multilingual capability. Benefits include early detection of problems, lowered healthcare delivery costs, and reduced medical emergencies and hospital admissions. “The solution has been implemented for a US company operating in India,” the spokesperson added.
HIGHLIGHTS
While there is no estimate of IoT’s contribution to the overall revenue of traditional IT services companies, since the sector is in its infancy, IoT revenue is pegged at 2-3% of the overall digital technologies pie for Indian IT services companies, which itself is only around 5-10% of the total revenue for most IT services providers, according to industry estimates.
The Indian government is working on a plan to create a $15 billion IoT industry by 2020, leading to an increase in the number of connected devices from around 200 million to over 2.7 billion by 2020, according to an October draft IoT policy document.
Accenture Plc predicts that 69% of consumers will own an in-home IoT device by 2019.
Researcher International Data Corp. estimates IoT to be a $8.9 trillion industry by 2020.
Research firm Gartner Inc. says IoT will include 26 billion units installed by 2020.
Gartner also states that IoT product and services suppliers will generate incremental revenue exceeding $300 billion, of which more than 80% will be derived from services, by 2020.

Also consider this v v seriously. consider this also v v seriou...156 Followers
IT firms warm up to Internet of Things
Six big IT services providers are using IoT applications, many of these in partnerships with start-ups too, to help clients
http://t.in.com/bNm3
Farm-to-fork offering
Tech Mahindra Ltd has indigenous device testing labs, certified by Qualcomm Inc., for testing devices, prototyping, assembly and manufacturing, custom application building and smart grid data capture in collaboration with several equipment and solution providers, according a Tech Mahindra spokesperson. The company also offers smart parking, smart street lighting and smart vehicle diagnostics for commercial vehicles.
On 18 September, Tech Mahindra announced a partnership with Bosch Software Innovations GmbH to create an IoT ecosystem. This will develop proof of concepts and solutions that will focus on developing connected solutions for smart cities, enterprises and smart homes.
Tech Mahindra’s IoT solutions include a farm-to-fork solution, which integrates the power of telematics, sensors and telecom technologies to monitor the temperature of fresh produce during transit, provide better inventory management and reduce supply-chain cost. “Tech Mahindra has showcased and implemented this solution for multinational companies like Nestle SA, Dole Food Co. Inc., Private Label Manufacturers Association and Mobile World Congress,” said the spokesperson.
Other IoT applications include a remote patient monitoring solution that enables monitoring of patients outside of conventional clinical settings with in-built algorithms, alerts and multilingual capability. Benefits include early detection of problems, lowered healthcare delivery costs, and reduced medical emergencies and hospital admissions. “The solution has been implemented for a US company operating in India,” the spokesperson added.
HIGHLIGHTS
While there is no estimate of IoT’s contribution to the overall revenue of traditional IT services companies, since the sector is in its infancy, IoT revenue is pegged at 2-3% of the overall digital technologies pie for Indian IT services companies, which itself is only around 5-10% of the total revenue for most IT services providers, according to industry estimates.
The Indian government is working on a plan to create a $15 billion IoT industry by 2020, leading to an increase in the number of connected devices from around 200 million to over 2.7 billion by 2020, according to an October draft IoT policy document.
Accenture Plc predicts that 69% of consumers will own an in-home IoT device by 2019.
Researcher International Data Corp. estimates IoT to be a $8.9 trillion industry by 2020.
Research firm Gartner Inc. says IoT will include 26 billion units installed by 2020.
Gartner also states that IoT product and services suppliers will generate incremental revenue exceeding $300 billion, of which more than 80% will be derived from services, by 2020.

Amazon s  Fire  Saleamazon s  fire  sale
Monte Carlo IPO subscribed 0.61 times on first day of issueYou are here: Home > Collections
Monte Carlo IPO subscribed 0.61 times on first day of issue
PTI Dec 3, 2014, 07.56PM IST
Tags:
Axis Capital Limited
(Through the IPO, which would…)
MUMBAI: The initial public offer of Monte Carlo Fashions Ltd was subscribed 0.61 times on the first day of offer today. The public offer received bids for over 23 lakh shares as against more than 38 lakh shares on offer, data available at the NSE showed.
Through the IPO, which would remain open till December 5, Monte Carlo plans to raise about Rs 350 crore. The price band of the issue has been fixed at Rs 630-645.
The company has mopped up Rs 105 crore from anchor investors. Monte Carlo allotted more than 16.29 lakh shares to anchor investors at the price of Rs 645 apiece.
SBI Capital Markets Limited , Axis Capital Limited , Edelweiss Financial Services Limited and Religare Capital Markets Limited are the book running lead manager to the issue.
Through this public offer, Monte Carlo will issue 54,33,016 equity shares (including anchor portion of 16,29,904 equity shares) for subscription.
The offer constitutes 25 per cent of the post offer paid-up equity share capital of the company. The company was launched in 1984 as an exclusive woollen brand by Oswal Woollen Mills Ltd (OWML).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex ends in red; 200 stocks hit 52-week highsAxis Bank
(The S&P BSE Sensex closed…)
NEW DELHI: Even though the S&P BSE Sensex moved in a narrow range throughout the trading session on Wednesday, but over 200 stocks managed to hit their fresh 52-week highs on the exchange.
The S&P BSE Sensex closed 1.3 points lower at 28442.71. It hit a low of 28370.73 and a high of 28504.65 in trade today.
The action was seen more in realty, power, banking and banking sector as 217 stocks rose to their fresh 52-week high on the BSE with small and midcap stocks stealing the limelight.
The stocks which rose to fresh 52-week highs include names like Axis Bank , Yes Bank, ICICI Bank , HUL, United Spirits etc.
"It was a dull trading session for the equity markets as the benchmarks closed almost flat after trading sideways for the entire day. However, stock specific move especially in midcap and smallcap space provided ample trading opportunities and kept the participants busy," says Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
Sentiments got some support as the HSBC services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to five-month high at 52.6 in the month of November from 50 in October.
"Further, the positive effect continued for the second successive day especially in the rate sensitive sectors in response to the RBI Governor's statement that a rate cut was likely early next year if the inflation momentum continues to follow downward path," adds Manglik.
We believe the Nifty index would consolidate further in the coming days but the overall bias would remain on the positive side till the Nifty index is upholding above 8350 mark. So, any decline can be considered to accumulate index majors and quality midcap stocks."
The BSE Mid-cap index closed 1.39 per cent higher at 10,499.86 with as much as 27 stocks hitting fresh 52-week highs, which include names like MRF, EIH, Bajaj Corp, Godrej Properties, ING Vysya Bank, Pfizer, Raymond, Tata Chemicals etc.
The BSE Small-cap index closed 1.6 per cent higher at 11,435.88 with as much as 34 stocks hitting fresh 52-week highs, which include names like Texmaco Infrastructures, Atul Auto, JBF Industries, Shasun Pharmaceuticals, OnMobile Global, Nesco Ltd etc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Span has sports hernia surgeryBy James Wagner December 3 Follow @jameswagnerwp
(Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
Denard Span underwent sports hernia surgery, the Nationals announced on Wednesday morning. The minor surgery was deemed successful, and the center fielder is expected to be ready for spring training.
Span said he tweaked that area toward the end of the season but didn’t consider it serious. When he recently started offseason workouts, the injured area felt better but had not improved to the point where he felt it needed to be. He was evaluated and had the surgery.
Span tweeted out a photo of himself in the hospital bed on Wednesday morning:
God is so good! I doubted whether or not I would make it thru this but he saw me through this! So thankful. pic.twitter.com/U0PggLjKWb
— Denard Span (@thisisdspan) December 3, 2014
Sports hernias are strains or tears of soft tissue in the lower abdomen or groin area.
Span, 30, had one of his finest major league seasons in 2014, hitting .302 with 31 stolen bases and playing strong defense. The Nationals picked up his $9 million option for 2015 after the season.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

President Obama sits for 3-D portraitBarack Obama
President Obama sits for 3-D portrait
Recently, the Smithsonian stopped by the White House to take a 3-D portrait of President Barack Obama, in what will be be the highest resolution digital model of a head of state. Take a look at the process, and the 3-D rendering created.
Recently, the Smithsonian stopped by the White House to take a 3-D portrait of President Barack Obama, in what will be be the highest resolution digital model of a head of state. Take a look at the process, and the 3-D rendering created.
See more videos
Recently, the Smithsonian stopped by the White House to take a 3-D portrait of President Barack Obama, in what will be be the highest resolution digital model of a head of state. Take a look at the process, and the 3-D rendering created.

Retail Workers  Rights: It s A Family Issuereddit
"There has to be a law against this," I said to my mom when she called to vent to me about working 12 days in a row at her job in Texas--the state I grew up in. This feeling that workers should be protected stayed with me as I tried to understand the rights for myself and my working friends and family in a state that promises little of anything to its workers.
There is no law in Texas that limits how many consecutive days an employer can schedule you. In fact, there are few laws protecting workers at all in Texas. Texas is an "employment at will" state, meaning if you do not like something at your job, you have one course of action--you can quit.
If there is something my early work experience reinforced in me over and over, it was that I deserved no say in my work. My whole life, I was trained to be an unquestioning member of the Texas workforce. When things looked dangerous, unreasonable, or illegal as a worker, you are taught to put your head down and keep doing your job. Those who did not faced cut hours or even termination.
I continued to work hard, but after six years in the Texas workforce, my frustrations and lack of options reached a boiling point. In 2011, I decided to move to San Francisco to try my luck there. Those years of oppression and frustration came in handy once I realized I had the right to speak up at my new unionized job at Macy's in San Francisco. One of the first things I noticed about my new job was the amount of respect that managers had for their employees. I could hear it in their tone and selection of words. They did not scream at me or use intimidation to get tasks done. The condescending, rude ways that I was so used to my previous managers speaking to me were gone.
I was also surprised to find out that I could take a break and even was given some sick time in case I missed work. For someone who worked years to gain two weeks off and never had sick days, this was incredible. It took me a couple of weeks to realize that I was part of a union called United Food and Commercial Workers Local 5
. But once I realized that these perks I enjoyed so much had been fought for by previous members, I immediately felt responsible for my contract. Having felt so helpless for so many years in Texas, I was proud of my new-found voice in my workplace and decided to be a shop steward.
Having a Union and an active membership can do wonders for workers. It has allowed me to support myself in one of the most expensive areas in the United States. Being a part of a unionized organization has also given me a consistent schedule every week for three years and two weeks' notice if any changes are made to my schedule, which makes it easy to continue my education and still have time to live a normal life. But most importantly, it made me realize that all those feelings of wanting a voice, wanting a change and wanting to be treated with respect were not so alien in California. People here believed they deserved certain rights and were not afraid to fight for them.
With my recent experience in labor, I joined a small coalition of workers and activists to try to pass the Retail Workers Bill of Rights (RWBoR) in San Francisco. Locals are not the only ones excited about this bill-- many groups nationwide have watched the votes hoping that this legislation will have a trickle-down effect across the nation. Workers from all walks of life joined the movement, many coming to public forums to share a piece of their hardship with Board Supervisors in San Francisco. It did not take long to realize that lower-income families would benefit with such legislation as parents and family advocates stepped up to the pew to express their struggles finding daycare, trying to work two jobs and managing the many short-notice shifts that they were expected to show up for.
On Tuesday November 25th, the Board of Supervisors unanimously voted to pass the second and final piece of legislation that makes up the Retail Workers Bill of Rights after unanimously passing the first portion the week before. If signed into law by the mayor, these bills would be the first in the nation to promise workers two weeks' notice on schedules and give workers the right to turn down any shifts given to them with less than two weeks' notice. They would also work to create a more full-time workforce by offering existing workers more hours, instead of hiring more part-time workers. This will create a more stable workplace for families who find it hard to find time to invest in their children, and it will give them an opportunity to finally have a full-time job instead of juggling multiple part-time positions. This legislation, along with Prop J, a bill that raised San Francisco's minimum wage, will create some of the best working conditions for retail workers in the United States.
I, like many other workers in the United States, have seen companies continue to invest less and less in their workforce and expect more. For many, this is a class issue, but for me it is a family issue. The work practices of companies have slowly forced workers to change their family practices and this means less time to invest in their children and families. With an increasing amount of families moving out of San Francisco, city leaders have created a multitude of bills that attempt to create conditions in which working-class families can continue to keep up with the ever-increasing cost of living and change low-wage work in industries that are notorious for abusive practices. My hope is that such legislation will trickle down across the nation and maybe someday, my mother will not have to wait almost two weeks to have a day off.
Mark Ortiz is a retail worker, an undergraduate student and an activist living in the Bay Area. He is currently working as a Writing Fellow at the Center for Community Change.
Follow Mark Ortiz on Twitter: www.twitter.com/standup15
More:

Comcast opponents are teaming up against the Time Warner Cable mergerBy Brian Fung December 3 Follow @b_fung
David Cohen, executive vice president of the Comcast, testifies during a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Comcast's proposed merger with Time Warner Cable on Capitol Hill in April. (EPA/Michael Reynolds)
A group of consumer advocates and industry officials are banding together to warn lawmakers and regulators against letting Comcast buy Time Warner Cable. The group, which includes cable competitors such as Dish Network and trade groups representing Hollywood writers and musicians, plans to lobby the Federal Communications Commission and meet with members of Congress as the FCC considers whether to approve the $45 billion deal.
The Stop Mega Comcast Coalition argues that a merger between the nation's two biggest cable companies would give the combined entity too much control over broadband, television programming and advertising.
"To have a unified voice to connect the dots is something valuable as regulators conduct their ongoing, serious review of whether the merger is in the public interest," said Jeffrey Blum, a Dish policy executive.
The 16-member coalition brings together some of Comcast's most vocal opponents, but a number of key companies are notably absent from the organization. Among them are Netflix and Discovery Communications, whose criticism of the merger earlier this year prompted Comcast to fire back with frank accusations of "extortionate demands" on Discovery's part that took many observers by surprise.
Without the explicit backing of those influential players, the coalition may face difficulty gaining traction in Washington. But according to one advocacy group in the mix, who's in the organization matters less than the argument.
"Don't tell me that just because the other side has more lobbyists and lawyers, they'll win," said David Goodfriend, founder of the Sports Fan Coalition. "Facts win."
In a blog post Wednesday, Comcast spokeswoman Sena Fitzmaurice pointed to 600 comments filed to the FCC by politicians, chambers of commerce and others in support of the merger.
"There's no real news here," Fitzmaurice wrote, "a group of existing opponents making the same arguments they have already made and leveling essentially the same criticisms that have been leveled in the past, and weren’t found to be credible in our past transaction reviews."
The launch of the coalition coincides with an FCC decision Wednesday to continue accepting public feedback on the Comcast merger through Dec. 23.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

The View is in shambles. Wait  no  everythings fine. Whats going onWhoopi Goldberg, Nicolle Wallace, guest Norman Lear, Rosie Perez and Rosie O’Donnell on “The View.” (ABC)
Breaking news: There might be some drama on “The View.”
Oh, you’re not surprised? As long as “The View” exists, there will always be reports of drama behind-the-scenes and displays of actual drama on TV. It’s a rite of passage as the show cycles through various co-hosts, who have all been cast to argue hot-button issues, spur debate and get ratings.
But when the “ratings” part becomes an issue, that’s when things get dicey: And by all reports , the show’s numbers are pretty flat. So basically, the flurry of recent stories about big problems in Season 18 (current lineup: Whoopi Goldberg, Rosie O’Donnell, Nicolle Wallace, Rosie Perez) is hitting the tabloids right on schedule.
The latest rumor is that new addition O’Donnell (who had a very fiery exit in 2007 after her first go-round on the show) is already upsetting everyone on and off-camera, especially because she expected to take over Goldberg’s job as moderator. TMZ reports that O’Donnell is “impossibly rude” to everyone, but since that isn’t translating into ratings, execs want her gone.
In response, ABC released a statement saying “This is absolutely false,” and added, “Whoopi Goldberg has been the moderator since Whoopi was hired and Rosie knew that before she took the job.” A rep also told Page Six ““This is yet another in a long line of fabricated stories. Reports of Rosie leaving are false.”
So what’s actually going on here? As usual, it’s tough to tell how much of this is real and how much is exactly what “The View” is designed to do: Cause controversy. It’s no secret that the show has had a bumpy road in the last couple of years: Creator/executive Barbara Walters left in May, while Joy Behar and Elisabeth Hasselbeck hit the road before that. Sherri Shepherd also left this year, as did Jenny McCarthy after one ill-advised and controversial season.
Within weeks of the O’Donnell-Goldberg-Wallace-Perez set-up (after a splashy season premiere that showed off lots of changes, including a new executive producer), there were reports of tension. Page Six reported that O’Donnell and Wallace sparred over the former Bush communications chief’s comments about President Obama. Then, O’Donnell and Goldberg had a fight in front of the audience after Goldberg interrupted O’Donnell during a “Hot Topics” segment to introduce a commercial break. In October, amid the show’s ratings decline, ABC announced that the network’s news division would seize ownership of the program from the daytime programming division.
Now, ABC is denying any big changes. And during an appearance on “Late Night With David Letterman,” Goldberg downplayed the idea that there was drama, saying people would never claim men co-hosts were fighting.
The really big problem in all of this for “The View”? That none of these reported battles are even spurring viewers to tune into the drama. Producers also probably hoped that bringing O’Donnell back would get their attention. But her blunt outspokenness doesn’t seem to shock anyone anymore. Clearly, producers are going to have to work much harder to draw the right kind of controversy.
Emily Yahr covers pop culture and entertainment for the Post. Follow her on Twitter @EmilyYahr .

India to be fastest growing economy in 2-3 yrs: AmbaniBrown University
(India will surpass China…)
NEW DELHI: India will surpass China as the world's fastest growing economy in the next 2-3 years, top industrialist Mukesh Ambani today said, while terming the fall in global oil prices as a "gift" to India.
"We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in the next 2-3 years. We will exceed China's growth rate in next 2-3 years. We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in 2016-2017 and 2017-2018," the Reliance Industries Chairman said.
He was speaking at an event organised by Brown University here.
Ambani further said that 2014 is a landmark year for the country.
"I think the people of India have spoken after really 30 years. I have in business for now alomst 30-35 years and we have got a majority (government) now...I have been saying this consistently that 2014 is a lucky year for India," he said.
Referring to the recent fall in crude oil prices, Ambani said, "...we are now on the horizon of USD 60-70, that is really a gift.... If this continues for two years, it's a gift".
He recalled that oil prices had shot up from USD 20/barrel to USD 140 during 2004 to 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Britain launches new  Google tax  on multinational companiesBritain launches new 'Google tax' on multinational companies
AFP Dec 4, 2014, 12.31AM IST
Tags:
Britain
(The levy -- nicknamed the…)
LONDON: The British government today slapped a new tax rate on multinational companies that seek to avoid paying their fair share to Treasury coffers.
The levy -- nicknamed the 'Google tax' because of the high number of technology firms seeking to avoid tax -- will come into force in April, finance minister George Osborne said in a budget update.
"Today I am introducing a 25 per cent tax on profits generated by multinationals from economic activity here in the UK which they then artificially shift out of the country," Osborne told lawmakers in his so-called autumn statement.
"That's not fair to other British firms. It's not fair to the British people either. Today we're putting a stop to it."
Osborne had already warned in September that he would launch a crackdown on multinational firms that use complex corporate structures to lower their tax bills in Britain .
The announcement comes amid simmering public anger over the tax affairs of multinationals like US technology giants Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google and coffee group Starbucks, who seek to shift their profits from higher tax countries to those with lower tax rates.
"We will make sure that big multinational businesses pay their fair share," said Osborne today.
"Some of the largest companies in the world, including those in the tech sector, use elaborate structures to avoid paying taxes."
He added: "My message is consistent and clear. Low taxes; but taxes that will be paid.
"Britain has led the world on this agenda. And we do so again today."
The new Diverted Profits Tax will seek to raise more than USD 1.6 billion over the next five years.
Osborne also revealed a crackdown on the way that banks offset their losses from the financial crisis against tax on profits.
The banking rule change is expected to raise nearly 4.0 billion pounds more in tax revenues over the next five years.
The Chancellor added it was "totally unacceptable" that banks were able to offset their losses in order to avoid paying tax.
"The banks got public support in the crisis and they should now support the public in the recovery," he told parliament.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sahara likely to sell Rs 1 200 cr land to re...Sahara Group likely to sell Rs 1,200 crore land to realty company M3M India Ltd
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 12.25AM IST
Tags:
Ahmedabad
(M3M, which is scheduled…)
NEW DELHI: Sahara group is believed to be selling a large land parcel for over Rs 1,200 crore in the outskirts of the national capital to Gurgaon-based realty firm M3M India Ltd .
M3M, which is scheduled tomorrow to "announce one of the biggest acquisition in the real estate industry in recent history", was tight-lipped about the deal.
Sources, however, said that it may be acquiring Sahara's land at Chauma in Gurgaon and the deal size could be over Rs 1,200 crore.
There was no official confirmation of the deal from either of the parties.
The Supreme Court yesterday permitted the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrato Roy .
The court allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune, Chauma in Gurgaon and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4 order.
The apex court bench was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai and following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI's counsel.
Out of the list of nine domestic properties, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crores which has gone into the account of SEBI.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year for non- refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which earlier had raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with SEBI , has told the court that out of nine domestic assets it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crores which has also gone into account of the market regulator.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US stocks: Dow hits record as energy rises for 3rd straight dayDow Jones Industrial Average
(US stocks rose modestly…)
NEW YORK: US stocks rose modestly on Wednesday as energy-related shares rose for a third straight session and data pointed to improving conditions in the US services sector, which makes up a majority of the economy.
Market moves were slight, with many traders looking ahead to a key meeting of the European Central Bank. Still, the Dow hit an intraday record and the S&P neared its own record, set last week.
The S&P 500 energy sector rose 0.7 per cent, outperforming both the broader market and crude oil, which continued to struggle. Cimarex Energy was one of the S&P 500's top gainers, up 4.3 per cent at $107.32. Diamond Offshore rose 3.1 per cent to $31.29.
While the sector is on track for its third consecutive daily advance - and is up 2.8 per cent over that period - it remains the only industry group to be negative for 2014.
"Energy is the undervalued sector of the market, but trying to call the bottom of oil prices is like trying to catch a falling knife. There's value to be had, but also might be some more pain along the way," said Joseph Quinlan, chief market strategist at US Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management in New York.
A gauge of growth in the US services sector rose more than expected in November even as its employment component dipped, according to ISM, while Markit's reading of the sector showed growth, though as a slower clip.
Markets reacted mutedly to data showing the US private sector created 208,000 jobs last month, fewer than expected. The numbers, however, suggested a slowing global economy was having a limited impact on domestic activity.
Momentum is building for the ECB to launch a program of sovereign-bond buying to boost the bloc's struggling economy, with most signs pointing to March for a decision. The ECB meets on Thursday.
"We're looking for any stimulus, and are vulnerable to no additional actions being taken," said Quinlan, who helps oversee $330 billion in assets. "We'll feel more confident about global prospects if we have a more proactive ECB."
The US Federal Reserve's Beige Book report of anecdotal information on business activity said US economic activity continued to expand in October and November, with lower gasoline prices boosting consumer spending.
At 2:00 p.m. (1900 GMT), the Dow Jones industrial average rose 16.51 points, or 0.09 per cent, to 17,896.06, the S&P 500 gained 4.97 points, or 0.24 per cent, to 2,071.52 and the Nasdaq Composite added 14.98 points, or 0.31 per cent, to 4,770.79.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 2,011 to 1,009, for a 1.99-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,634 issues rose and 1,028 fell for a 1.59-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 was posting 99 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 115 new highs and 58 new lows.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fisher would make trade with Redskins againBy Mike Jones December 3 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Linebacker Alec Ogletree is one of several players the Rams drafted with picks obtained in the trade that netted the Redskins Robert Griffin III. (Tom Gannam/Associated Press)
The St. Louis Rams and Washington Redskins in 2012 pulled off a trade that enabled Washington to land quarterback Robert Griffin III , and over the course of three drafts, St. Louis added a total of eight players thanks to the picks – and corresponding maneuverings – they received from the Redskins.
The Rams believed that the collection of draft picks would serve as the building blocks that would transform them into a winning franchise. The Redskins believed that Griffin – then seen as a once-in-a-generation quarterback – would solve their long-standing need at that position, and would also transform their franchise into a perennial contender.
Two years later, the teams – who meet Sunday at FedEx Field – have yet to reap the full benefits of the move. St. Louis has yet to orchestrate a winning campaign since 2012, going 19-24-1 .
Washington won the division in 2012 but has won only six games since, posting a record of 16-28 . With Griffin now benched for a second time in two seasons and his future with the team greatly in doubt, the Redskins, who gave up three first-round picks and a second, may never see the return they envisioned when they made that investment.
Rams coach Jeff Fisher said that he would do the trade all over again, however.
“It wasn’t difficult for us,” he said. “We looked at our roster and it wasn’t difficult to see that we had a lot of holes. So, it was easy for us to do.”
Laying out the loot that he believes his team reaped from the trade, Fisher said, “If you take into consideration I have three defensive starters that are playing at a real high level – Alec Ogletree is playing as good as any linebacker behind the ball the last few weeks, Janoris [ Jenkins ] is an outstanding corner who has two interceptions returned for touchdowns, and [defensive tackle Michael ]  Brockers . And then we were able to pick up [left tackle Greg Robinson ], who is our future at left tackle, and we have Stedman Bailey , who in our last game had five catches for 100 yards, and Zac [ Stacy ] is an outstanding young back. So, I think we’ve made the most of it,” Fisher said on conference call with reporters assigned to covering the Redskins. “We’re building our team to compete in the division and I feel like we’re making strides. That’s one of the questions we wanted to have this year.”
Fisher added, “At the time, it was a good decision for them, and it was a good decision for us. So, both sides were happy.”
This have changed drastically in Washington, but Fisher said that doesn’t mean that Griffin is a bust.
“We played Robert early his first year and he made a lot of plays, and to get that team into the playoffs as a rookie is pretty impressive,” Fisher said. “Unfortunately for him, he’s dealing with an offensive scheme change and he’s had injury. Those two things [from] a quarterback standpoint are just hard to overcome. I think he’s an outstanding talent and very hard to defend.”
More from The Post:

What we think Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburgs life is really likeBy Helena Andrews December 3 Follow @helena_andrews
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. (Cliff Owen/AP)
There can be no doubt that Ruth Bader Ginsburg — comic book superhero , T-shirt hoarder , star  of the whole Internet — is leading the pretend popularity contest for the Supreme Court Justice Most Likely to Get Her Own Reality Show. She’s already got a catchy nickname (The Notorious  R.B.G.) and even a catchphrase (“The court, I fear, has ventured into a minefield.”). Add to that the fact that after having a stent implanted , the 81-year-old hopped right back on the bench five days later, and the zany plot points practically write themselves. If there is any member of the judicial branch whose daily minutiae deserves the small screen treatment, it’s Ginsburg, who doesn’t even have to make stuff up to achieve cult-like nonfictional star status. Here’s a rundown of what we know could actually happen:
6 a.m.: Wakes up like this .
6:05 a.m.: Googles herself. Becomes overwhelmed with search results. Then realizes Ruth Bader Ginsburg doesn’t know the meaning of overwhelmed.
7 a.m.: Hits some operatic high Cs in the shower while listening to “ Scalia/Ginsburg .”
7:30 a.m.: Decides which frilly bib to wear with her judicial robes. Picks the lace one.
8 a.m.: High-fives her security detail.
9 a.m.: Bats down rumors of retirement by crushing it from the bench.
11 a.m.: Does 20 push-ups with personal trainer while dictating latest 35-page dissenting opinion in 10 minutes flat.
11:10 a.m.: Passes her BJF, Justice Antonin Scalia, in the marbled hallway and gives him a fist bump before handing him said dissent. Giggles the rest of the way to her chambers.
12 – 2 p.m.: Goes scrunchie shopping.
2:30 p.m.: Fact checks the latest YouTube tribute  written in honor of said dissent.
3 – 6 p.m.: Lots more official stuff.
7 p.m.: Finds front-row seat at latest Washington opera/play/whatever just before the curtain raises.
7:05 p.m.: Promptly falls asleep.
8 p.m.: Wakes up and dares the folks sitting next to her to say something. They don’t.
10 p.m.: Grabs a fresh XXL “Notorious R.B.G.” shirt from the pile and hits the hay.
Read more Reliable Source: 

It s Now Easier to Prove to Google You re A HumanIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Health Insurer WellPoint Switches Name to AnthemIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

http://usat.ly/1ygsGrDHow does the Bill Cosby lawsuit change things?
Bill Cosby is facing another accuser, and another lawsuit.
Post to Facebook
How does the Bill Cosby lawsuit change things? Bill Cosby is facing another accuser, and another lawsuit. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zQXZpS
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
67
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
How does the Bill Cosby lawsuit change things?
Ann Oldenburg , USA TODAY 5:18 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Bill Cosby on Nov. 6, 2013.
(Photo: John Minchillo, John Minchillo/Invision/AP)
413 CONNECT 66 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 67 COMMENTEMAILMORE
For the first time since recent rape allegations have surfaced about Bill Cosby, the star's woes are now heading to the legal arena.
And for the first time since Nov. 17, Cosby has appeared on Twitter. He has thanked both View co-host Whoopi Goldberg, who has expressed skepticism about some of the accusers' stories, and singer Jill Scott, who also has defended him on Twitter, noting that the allegations haven't been proved.
— Bill Cosby (@BillCosby) December 3, 2014
Thank you @MissJillScott , from the Cosby Family.
— Bill Cosby (@BillCosby) December 3, 2014
The tweets comes as pressure is mounting for Cosby, 77, to say more about the allegations.
So far, his only comments about the 20 women who have told similar decades-old stories of sexual assault, came before his Melbourne, Fla., show when he told Florida Today reporters, "I know people are tired of me not saying anything, but a guy doesn't have to answer to innuendos."
Will the new lawsuit force him to address the accusations? Maybe.
Elizabeth Kase, a partner at New York's Abrams Fensterman who specializes in criminal law, views the civil suit as a positive for Cosby.
"Now they're in court. Now there's process. Now there are rules of evidence and a Constitution. There's something he can respond with — and to — that has rules and function of law. It takes it out of this crazy world of the Internet, where it is lawless," she says.
Specifically, in the civil claim, a Southern California woman named Judy Huth says in papers filed Tuesday in Los Angeles Superior Court that Cosby, 77, sexually assaulted her in 1974 when she was 15. She is calling it "childhood sexual abuse," saying the "traumatic incident, at such a tender age, has caused psychological damage and mental anguish" throughout her life "since the incident."
Voices: Is it possible to still be a Cosby fan?
Huth alleges that she and a female friend, 16, wandered onto a Cosby film set in Lacy Park in San Marino, Calif. Cosby invited them to sit in his director's chair. He invited them to his tennis club and eventually they wound up at the Playboy Mansion.
After being served "multiple alcoholic beverages," the teens followed Cosby to the Playboy Mansion, according to documents posted by Radar Online . When Huth went to the bathroom at one point, she emerged to find Cosby sitting on a bed. He asked her to sit beside him and he then "tried to put his hand down her pants" and then "took her hand in his and performed a sex act on himself without her consent."
What will Bill Cosby's legacy be?
The suit calls Cosby's alleged "childhood sexual abuse" actions "malicious, oppressive and fraudulent in nature." Huth is asking for unspecified damages and legal fees.
California attorney Lisa Bloom, who has handled similar lawsuits for accusers in the past, says the state passed a law in 1990 allowing allegations of underage sexual abuse to be made in civil suits years or decades later.
"A child who is molested could suffer from a host of problems that follow her through life, and she may not realize this until much later," Bloom says. In recognition, California allows a person who alleges molestation as a child to file suit up to three years after she has "connected the dots" between the alleged molestation and her emotional trauma.'
In her lawsuit, Huth, now 55, suggests the statute of limitations be waived because she discovered "her psychological injuries and illnesses were caused by the sexual abuse perpetrated by Cosby" within the past three years.
"Forty years (since the alleged molestation) is a pretty long time," Bloom says, though she's prevailed in cases involving 15 or 20 years. But she says this is Huth's only legal option left if she wants to pursue Cosby now.
Meanwhile, Bloom's mother, prominent women's rights attorney Gloria Allred, "challenged" Cosby at a press conference Wednesday, with three weeping Cosby accusers, to waive the statute of limitations for all women so that they can come forward. "Then Bill Cosby and his accusers would have an opportunity to go before a judge and jury and everybody wins."
She added, "The public deserves to know if Mr. Cosby is a saint or a sexual predator."
She offered a second option, should Cosby not want to open himself up to more lawsuits. Allred called for him to put $100 million in a fund "and anyone who claims she was a victim could appear before a panel of retired judges. The judges would then decide."
Allred said, "It is time for justice and accountability."
.
Next legal step in Huth's lawsuit: Cosby and his lawyers will have to answer the complaint.
"Unless it's thrown out at an early stage, he'll have to submit to depositions and be sworn in and testify under oath," says Jerry Reisman, a partner at Reisman, Peirez, Reisman and Capobianco law firm in Garden City, N.Y.
Cosby, says Kase, "can testify. And usually civil defendants do testify. If they don't give their side of the story, then it's only her word and that's enough for a preponderance of proof."
Reisman adds that a Cosby jury could have a tough time should it get that far. "This will be very hard for a jury because there have been so many claims against him." Huth, he says, is "substantiating prior allegations."
Of course, settlement is an option. Cosby settled a civil suit in 2006 with Andrea Constad, who accused him of sexual assault.  She claimed in her filing that 13 more victims were ready to come forward.
And is this at all reminiscent of traumatized molestation accusers in the many civil lawsuits filed against the Catholic Church involving priests?
Not exactly, although Allred drew a comparison during her Wednesday press conference, saying, "He could open the window as was done with the Catholic Church cases in California.
Those lawsuits were usually filed against the church and not individual priests. And many of those ended in settlements. AP has estimated the settlements of sex abuse cases from 1950 to 2007 have totaled more than $2 billion.
Both Reisman and Kase say a class-action suit is  very unlikely. Class actions are more for business purposes (breast implants, cellphones) and these cases are individual. Plus there's the statute of limitations.
Louisa Moritz, 68, who played Rose in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and starred in the '70s show Love American Style, is among the women who recalled an incident with Cosby, saying he forced her to perform oral sex on him in her dressing room before an appearance on Johnny Carson's Tonight Show in 1971.
Moritz, who has a law degree, told USA TODAY she was looking into filing a lawsuit, but would really like an apology or admission from Cosby.
"We'd be seeking an apology and an acknowledgement because he's not acknowledging he did anything," says Moritz. "And then (he'd have to) offer some kind of satisfaction or something."
Cosby's lawyer, Martin Singer, who has represented Arnold Schwarzenegger and Charlie Sheen, among many other high-profile Hollywood stars, has not commented on the new lawsuit or Allred's press conference.
Contributing: Maria Puente
413 CONNECT 66 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 67 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zQXZpS
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Chrysler recalls 149 000 Ram trucks with Takata airbagschrysler recalls 149 000 ram trucks with takata airbags
Today a life-sized Ronald Reagan cutout made an appearance on the House floorToday, Ronald Reagan stopped by the U.S. Capitol to help Rep. Earl Blumenauer (D-Ore.) and Rep. Tom Petri (R-Wis.) talk about a gas tax increase. He didn't have much to say. It was a very two-dimensional appearance.
It's been a while since Ronald Reagan has been seen on the floor of the House. pic.twitter.com/93pn8z9j5F
— Jeremy Art (@cspanJeremy) December 3, 2014
His rhetoric was flat.
— John Shinkle (@jnshinkle) December 3, 2014
He didn't have a leg to stand on.
Yep, that's @RepBlumenauer and Tom Petri with a cardboard cutout of Ronald Reagan. All 3 want to raise the #gastax . pic.twitter.com/svPxxcMoup
— Fawn Johnson (@fawnjohnson) December 3, 2014
Reagan's visit was not a surprise since Blumenauer and Petri sent out a statement  announcing their plan to invoke the 1982 gas tax increase in their efforts to pass legislation to raise the tax 15 cents over three years.
“The two Congressmen will be joined by the words and image of former President Ronald Reagan, who spoke eloquently on the need for Congress to raise the gas tax in 1982."
The tax is currently 18.4 cents per gallon, and is a major source of funding for federal highways.
Although Reagan does not often come to the Capitol to support legislation, he is frequently invoked on the floor.
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

Good  bad and ugly of EM debtThe good, the bad and the ugly of emerging market debt
Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6ffc1ba-73c7-11e4-92bc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Decoding InterstellarUpdated: December 1, 2014 19:23 IST
Decoding Interstellar
FUTURE FORWARD Matthew McConaughey in a scene from ‘Interstellar’
TOPICS
sci-fi films
While Love and Logic play a vital role in ‘Interstellar’, it is important to see the film more as a metaphor
Imagine trying to communicate a dry-as-dust subject called ‘Gravity and its effects on the temporal plane of the cosmic system’ in a movie with an equally science-book like title of Interstellar. So, here are a few keys to open the variety of doors to enter this film. The first key is a simple philosophy spelt out in the climax scene when Cooper (played by Mathew McConaughey) lands in the multi-dimensional set of his library watching himself through the chinks like a ghost. What does he mean when he wonders why and how we converted a Five Dimensional world into a Three Dimensional reality for our convenience?
We all know how we function within the three spatial dimensions of length, breadth and depth; or the temporal realms of the past present and future. What we have lost, the film claims, in our simplistic perception of the three dimensions are two vital elements called Time and Gravity. Director Nolan explains Time as something which makes us think about Logic and subsequent Ethics to guide our rational consciousness while Gravity for him are the simple laws of human attraction, in short ‘Love’ guiding our instinctual judgments. So while Logic drives Cooper to go on space explorations for material resources to save mankind, his instinct pulls him back to be with Murph, his little daughter back home. It means that ‘Time’ which exists in our perception in a long linear plane can be ‘curved’ to join up and enable us to visit the past in the present. Therefore one should be a kind of ghost, able to look at ‘that time’, as if it is happening ‘now’ thanks to the laws of attraction/ gravity.
Next, what other space can aptly locate such a feeling than a huge library of books containing all our memories and desires? Murph, who virtually lives in that library, asks her father to stay back but logic and the ethical world of a scientist forces Cooper to open the door and leave her. But does he really open that door and leave his daughter with whom he is so attached? Indirectly, this is also indicated by the film not telling us where and when the story is located.
If that could explain Gravity/love then the next element namely Time/logic provides another challenge. We belong to a solar system where different planets/moons move and rotate at different speeds with relation to the Sun. That means the 24 hour time is not a constant in the universe and therefore every day that Cooper spends on Saturn is equivalent to months on earth and by sheer logic his daughter would be ageing much faster than him! Can this really happen when our experience of it is so relative? Can he stop loving ‘that’ little daughter?
Well, it is important to see Interstellar more as a metaphor and conceptually, at that. So emotions like affection/desire and visuals of ageing are more a state of mind than real.
Once we understand this, all heavy terms such as wormhole, black hole, dust storms and the myths of Lazarus and Noah can be easily grasped! Just sit back and enjoy!
(The writer is Dean, Mahindra Ecole Centrale, Hyderabad)

Some good news: HIV may become less infectious over time  study saysBy Abby Phillip December 2 Follow @abbydphillip
College and primary school students hold a giant red ribbon they made for an event to raise awareness of HIV/AIDS on   World AIDS Day  in Fuyang, Anhui province, China, on Dec. 1. (Reuters)
In the places where HIV has hit the hardest, the virus may also be relatively quickly mutating to become less infectious.
In a matter of decades, the HIV virus has changed in such a way that its ability to replicate in the body is weakened and as a result, it progresses to AIDS more slowly, according to a new study.
The finding could mean two important, and promising, things. A virus that replicates more slowly means that the rate of infections may eventually slow. And over time, as weaker versions of the virus become more prevalent, people who are infected progress to full-blown illness much later -- opening a wider window for treatment.
Scientists have long believed that over time, in order for viruses to survive in their hosts, they must become less virulent or cause less disease.  In the case of HIV, the virus in most cases kills its host eventually. So over time, scientists would expect natural selection to favor mutations of the virus that allow the host to survive longer.
The research published  Monday in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences suggests that this process is at work with HIV as well. And surprisingly, these changes are being observed in a relatively short period of time -- decades since the virus began spreading rapidly among humans.
"I'm totally amazed that you can see these effect so quickly," said Phillip Goulder, the study's lead scientist and a professor a the University of Oxford. "You wouldn't expect an effect like this to be evident in an incredibly small amount of time. This difference is happening so quickly in the locations where you have the greatest impact of the virus."
In some humans, a type of protein called HLA-B-57 is effective at giving the body some protection against the HIV virus. But the virus adapts to that protective protein by mutating to survive. Those mutations, however, damage the virus, changing its ability to replicate.
"The parts of the virus that it targets are the parts of the virus that can't really change without losing some ability to replicate efficiently,"  Goulder said.  "What B-57 is doing is creating a virus that is relatively crippled."
As the crippled HIV virus proliferates in the human population, the protective benefit of HLA B-57 is also greatly diminished. Despite the trade-off, a less potent virus can have a powerful, positive impact on the HIV population at large.
The study compared HIV samples from populations in Botswana and in South Africa, two places where the virus has ravaged the population. In Botswana, HIV was introduced to the population earlier than in South Africa. And Botswana has been a notable early  and aggressive adopter of antiretroviral therapies that researchers suspect could help to accelerate the process of weakening the virus.
They found that the Botswana population had lower viral loads and no protective effect of the HLA B-57 protein compared to South Africa, where the HIV virus has been present for a shorter period of time and where antiretroviral use began relatively recently.
"The normal time to AIDS is about 10 years, and this difference in the ability of the virus to cause disease probably means that there's a 25 percent increase in the amount of time to AIDS. So it probably means about 12 years," said Goulder.
A two-year difference from infection to the onset of disease may not seem like much, but over time, it can add up. Coupled with the more widespread and targeted use of antiretroviral treatments and vaccines, it could aid the global effort to combat AIDS.
"By and large, if the virus is less efficient at replicating, generally it doesn't transmit as well," Goulder noted. "Secondly, if you have a virus that replicates more slowly, the viral load is definitely lower. It's very clear that the risk of transmission is strongly related to the viral load." And a higher viral load makes transmission far easier.
Changes in the way the virus affects humans can have downsides. In the U.S. alone, 1 in 7 people infected with HIV don't know know that they contracted the virus. And in low and middle income countries around the world, most people living with HIV don't know their status, according to the World Health Organization.
A longer road from infection to disease could mean that people might not know their status for even longer and as a result, might not get the treatment that they need.
"That's a problem that I guess comes along with any sort of piece of good news about HIV and any benefit that comes from an intervention," Goulder acknowledged. "If people's behavior changes as a consequence -- it becomes more risky or their desire to get treated or tested is reduced -- that disadvantage might outweigh the benefits that come from something like this."
For now, aid organizations could help speed the mutation process by targeting antiretroviral therapy programs to focus on people who exhibit rapidly replicating, stronger forms of the virus. Goulder's research suggests that this strategy could help suppress the spread of more aggressive strains among humans, leaving more of the weaker virus.
A weaker HIV won't eliminate the virus among humans, but it might help slow its spread and help science catch up.
"It does help to buy us a bit of time. It means that there will be less disease than there would be without it," Goulder said. "It is quite a good thing to have and it probably will have quite a bearing, given that we can't reach all infected people with antiretroviral therapy and a vaccine isn't going to materialize anytime soon."
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

UK to pay back all first world war debtsDecember 3, 2014 8:01 am
UK to pay back all first world war debts
By Robin Wigglesworth
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/658db27a-7ac0-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

With a bullet: Jobs  TV  pizzaEurozone private sector activity slowed more than thought in the third quarter ; the euro slips to a two-year low against the dollar.
Eric Idle, John Cleese, Graham Chapman, Terry Jones and Michael Palin set out in “Monty Python and the Holy Grail.” (Columbia TriStar)
French bank Société Générale advises clients to dump British assets , threatens another taunting if things don’t turn around.
Christie’s CEO Steven Murphy announced he would step down at the end of the year.
The average price of a New York taxi medallion fell to $840,000 in November , down 20% from its peak, thanks in part to competition from competitors like Uber and Lyft.
Pizza Hut is testing a new menu that lets you build a pizza by the length of time you gaze at toppings. No, really.
Your insurance company k nows more about you than you may think . Are you ever going to fix that screen door, for crying out loud?
 

Hershey may switch to sugar from corn syrup to satisfy consumersHershey may switch to sugar from corn syrup to satisfy consumers
Hershey's
Scott Olson / Getty Images
Hershey's chocolate bars are shown on July 16, 2014 in Chicago, Illinois.
Hershey's chocolate bars are shown on July 16, 2014 in Chicago, Illinois. (Scott Olson / Getty Images)
Reuters
Will Hershey's move be a sweet deal for sugar producers?
Sugar could soon replace corn syrup in Hershey products.
The Hershey Co. may replace corn syrup with sugar in some products, the latest sign of waning demand for the syrup and growing competition in the sweetener market.
Late last year, a Belgian chocolate maker changed its name from Italo Suisse, because the company no longer had any real association with either country. Now it's changing the name again - because the new name it picked was ISIS. ( Reuters )
Beckman said the switch was "just underway" and there was no time frame. Hershey is the maker of some of the world's best-known baking products, chocolate and candies, including Hershey Kisses and Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.
The move, first reported by The Associated Press, comes at a critical time for the makers of corn syrup, which have been facing more scrutiny from public health officials and nutrition experts, and falling demand in the United States, one of the world's most coveted markets.
Per capita consumption of corn syrup is in decline, which industry sources attribute to less demand for soft drinks and rising consumer scrutiny of the corn-based sweetener.
Corn refiners cut prices in 2013 to compete with dropping sugar prices and competition.
cComments
That is true. Our bodies metabolize food in different ways. Besides that, there is a huge difference in taste. I grew up drinking soda made with real sugar like Mexican Coke and Throwback Mountain Dew. I prefer the drinks made from sugar vs. corn syrup. The candy won't taste the same....
The Man With The Plan
at 2:32 PM December 03, 2014
9
Domestic U.S. sugar futures have recovered in the last year, but corn futures traded in Chicago are down 13 percent year-to-date as U.S. farmers harvest a record crop.
Hershey also warned in July that demand could take a hit because of price increases for products caused by soaring cocoa prices.

Peak Travel Period a Reminder of Need for Ebola Safety Standardsreddit
Nurses worked everyday throughout the Thanksgiving holiday.  That is the expectation of their job; that is the expectation of their calling.
That will hold for the rest of the holidays when most of us are looking for down time and when international travel will be at one of the highest peaks of the year.  That increase in travel poses additional risks to the ones on the front lines in health care. It should go without saying that those caregivers should have maximum protection from harmful viruses or other disease agents that can impose themselves as care is provided.
Ebola, surging again in Sierra Leone , has now infected some 16,000 people with a fatality rate of about 60 percent in the most intense transmission countries according to the World Health Organization.
Though Ebola media coverage has now receded in the U.S., this pandemic, the worst Ebola outbreak in history, is far from over. International travel is a reminder of our interconnected global community, and a disease that has already leaped a very large ocean.
Scientific consensus on possible modes of Ebola transmission is not yet concluded. But there is consensus that health workers are at particular risk of exposure, have been infected in what the WHO calls unprecedented numbers, and if we can not stop contagion in our hospitals where the danger of infection is greatest, all of the public is at heightened risk.
Yet, to attempt to achieve safety standards, nurses have had to rally, speak out, strike, and engage in other forms of protest for safety measures in the workplace.  Their concerns were heard and addressed only in California where state regulations mandating optimal safety at all hospitals were quickly put in place by the seasoned and intelligent Governor Brown.
California hospitals are now required to have the highest level of personal protective equipment and training procedures for the express purpose of ensuring that hospitals and health care workers "take the proper steps to safely provide care for suspected or confirmed Ebola patients," as the California Occupational Safety and Health Administration stated.
But in 49 other states, safety remains optional for hospitals to include in their protocols. And, as a Washington Post report noted November 28, U.S. officials are "running into resistance" in trying to set up a network of hospitals to care for Ebola patients due primarily to factors of cost, which increasingly is a higher priority for profit-focused hospitals than caring.
We have to ask ourselves as a nation what do our values actually mean. Nurses rank the highest year after year in polls on public trust. Yet when it comes to their own safety nurses have to wage battle in most parts of the nation.
Bellevue Hospital in New York was one exception when it came to caring for an Ebola patient, because it is part of a public health system.  Most other hospitals could have been Texas Health Presbyterian in Dallas. The death of one patient after apparently lax standards and the exposure of two nurses sent fear and chills through most nurses who know how profoundly their hospitals are underprepared for epidemics in a fragmented health care industry with little public oversight.
The California standards have created a national benchmark for not just Ebola, but for all infectious diseases in a time where epidemics are increasing as a result of global travel, mutating viruses, antibiotic resistant super bugs, and the effects of the climate crisis.
While we enjoy the holidays, nurses at Bellevue and nurses in California receive care in exchange for caring.  The rest of the nation's nurses may well be working unguarded, unprotected and one patient away from whatever walks into the door.
We can do better as a nation.  Federal OSHA has the power to follow the lead of Governor Brown's California mandate.  Nothing short of that should be acceptable to any policy maker in this nation.
Follow Rose Ann DeMoro on Twitter: www.twitter.com/NationalNurses
More:

Dhoni to join squad before 1st TestDhoni to join squad before first Test
It is understood that Dhoni could opt out of the Adelaide Test to acclimatize himself with conditions.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Wed 3 Dec, 2014 11:52 AM IST
Tweet
0
Participation uncertain.MS Dhoni is set to join the India squad on December 5 but his participation in the Adelaide Test is not a certainty.
Dhoni had been rested for the first Test of the tour - originally scheduled to start on December 4 in Brisbane - due to a thumb injury and was expected to join the squad after the game. However, the dates of three of the four Tests were revised following the death of Phillip Hughes in Sydney last week. Adelaide will now host the first Test from December 9, while the second Test will be played in Brisbane from December 17.
BCCI secretary Sanjay Patel confirmed Dhoni will join the squad in Adelaide well in time for the Test but didn't elaborate on his selection for the match. "Dhoni will reach Australia as per schedule," Patel told ESPNcricinfo. "Whether he will play [the first Test] will entirely depend on the team management, as is the case for every match."
It is understood that Dhoni could opt out of the Adelaide Test to acclimatize himself with conditions. In that case, Virat Kohli will lead India with Wriddhiman Saha keeping wicket.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Black money: India must show tax fraud proof for valid probe  says Swiss envoyBlack Money
(Going forward if Indians…)
MUMBAI: Switzerland today said it was willing to cooperate with India over the black money issue if the latter provides prima facie evidence of illegality, but will not proceed in the matter on the basis of stolen data.
"We have decided that we cannot work with stolen data. If somebody has obtained data improperly or illegally, we cannot honour those claims.
"We can only work when there is true investigation through the Indian tax authorities and the Enforcement Directorate, where they have clear prima facie evidence that there has been tax fraud," Switzerland's Ambassador to India Linus von Castelmur told PTI here this evening.
"We cannot enter into discussions on illegal data. Once there is independent investigation, we will answer them (Indian officials) and fully cooperate with them," he said.
Reiterating that Bern understands and appreciates New Delhi's concern over black money stashed abroad by Indians, part of it allegedly in Swiss banks, he said a clear thinking was needed on the issue.
"We need clear understanding on the issue. I think one part of the issue is dealing with the past and Switzerland was a destination for several decades where money flowed in from different sources and that was not always a tax money."
Going forward if Indians, Germans or Americans deposit money into any Swiss bank, then the Swiss tax authorities would inform their respective counterparts, he said and maintained what happened in the past cannot be undone.
"Dealing with the past is difficult because what happened over past 50 years cannot be undone."
Stating that Switzerland extends full cooperation to India on the basis of the double taxation avoidance agreement signed in 2011, the envoy said "you cannot say you would like to have all the names of Indian account holders in Swiss banks. That is not possible."
Black money was a key issue for the BJP in run up to the April-May Lok Sabha elections. After assuming power in May-end the Narendra Modi Government, following a Supreme Court order, appointed a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to look into the issue of illegal wealth kept in foreign banks.
Last month, the apex court asked the Government to reveal the names of foreign bank account holders and submit the list to it.
Today, the SC asked the Centre to ensure the ongoing income tax probe for suspected black money concerning 627 people who are alleged to have accounts in HSBC Bank Geneva, do not get time barred and be completed by next March.
The Centre on October 29 had given to the apex court a list of 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, in which tax probe for suspected black money has to be completed by March next.
Commenting on the proposed Free Trade Agreement (FTA) between the two countries, Castelmur said a lot of progress has been made and he is hopeful of signing the pact soon. Both the countries are negotiating FTA since 2007.
The trade volume between the two countries is on the upswing. From April 2000 to June 2014, Switzerland invested approximately USD 2.85 billion in India, thus becoming the 10th largest investor here.
  As a large part of foreign direct investment in India is routed through other countries, the actual Swiss investment in India is much higher. The total Swiss direct investment inflow into India is estimated to be above USD 7 billion till June 2014.
More than 200 Swiss companies have a presence in India through their subsidiaries and joint ventures. These include Nestle, Clariant Chemicals and Novartis.
Currently, around 120 Indian firms have established presence in the European country. Many Indian companies carry out business development client servicing and trading activities. Also, the focus on leveraging Switzerland's strengths in R&D is steadily gaining interest, Castelmur said.
India also remains an important emerging market for Swiss Tourism. Indian tourists spent 4,67,967 overnights in the scenic country during 2013.
Meanwhile, business tycoon and Wipro Chairman Azim Premji today received the Swiss Ambassador's Award 2014 for inspirational and socially responsible leadership.
Earlier recipients of the award include filmmaker Yash Chopra (2010), industrialist Ratan Tata (2011), Glenn Saldhana, CMD of Glenmark Pharma (2012) and R V Kanoria, CMD of Kanoria Chemicals (2013).
FEATURED ARTICLES

A top senator wants to extend the FAAs ban on dronesBy Brian Fung December 3 Follow @b_fung
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.). (Molly Riley/Associated Press)
After dozens of reported near-misses between drones and traditional aircraft this year, a top Democrat is vowing to unveil legislation that would further crack down on the commercial use of unmanned aerial systems.
Records from the Federal Aviation Administration show that drones have been involved in more than 190 safety incidents this year, according to a letter Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) sent to the FAA Wednesday. Drones have repeatedly crashed; flown dangerously near public areas such as airports, stadiums and power plants; and nearly collided with manned airplanes at high altitudes, Feinstein said.
Some lawmakers, such as Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), point to such incidents as reasons why the FAA should expedite its efforts to integrate drones into the national airspace. The agency has been working for months to craft regulations for small drones weighing less than 55 pounds; although the drone industry has been clamoring for clear rules, recent reports suggest that the FAA may be considering a set of requirements  that the industry largely opposes.
But Feinstein apparently believes that the safety incidents require an even more muscular response.
"It is clear we have a serious potential safety problem which could cause a serious threat to life," Feinstein wrote. "Yet, very few of these incidents resulted in FAA enforcement actions, according to reports, even though the drones' operations appear to have been plainly illegal."
The senator added that she would introduce legislation to "codify and expand" the country's existing ban on the use of commercial drones.
The FAA has aggressively pursued alleged violators of the ban in some circumstances. A key case involves a photographer named Raphael Pirker, whom the FAA tried to fine $10,000 for shooting a promotional video using a drone. Pirker's behavior, which his defenders have called harmless , has been subject to months of litigation. The National Transportation Safety Board recently handed the FAA a victory in that case.
In light of the many other incidents that Feinstein said went uninvestigated, however, Pirker's case raises questions about the FAA's enforcement policy and whether it is being consistently applied. I've asked the FAA to address the issue and will update if and when I hear back.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

The 2016 waiting gameBy Jennifer Rubin December 3 Follow @JRubinBlogger
A lot of potential Republican candidates, not unlike Hillary Clinton, may wait many months before declaring their candidacy for president. What’s the upside, and what risks do they run if they wait well into 2015? It helps to break down the field into several groupings, since the calculation is different for each.
Jeb Bush (John Minchillo/Associated Press)
The lesser-known Republicans
Those governors who are waiting and not all that well known beyond their states will have trouble gaining traction and may lose donors to better-known candidates who do jump in. As governors, they also risk putting off needed focus and preparation that a presidential run requires. Those sitting governors who have said they want to concentrate on the upcoming state legislative session (e.g. Indiana’s Mike Pence and Wisconsin’s Scott Walker) may find it harder to keep money on the sidelines for a possible run. Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana has been impressing small conservative groupings, but for average Republicans he remains an obscure figure at the bottom of the polls. (On foreign policy, he has been more active and steely, as demonstrated by his latest criticisms of the president on everything from Ebola to Iran .) Ohio Gov. John Kasich racked up a big win but faces an electorate that may not remember him for his days in Congress.
These governors will be less able to spend time visiting early primary states, courting donors, working on policy issues and setting up a presidential-ready campaign team. In short, if they wait too long, some of the best GOP candidates may simply drift off the radar screen.
The high-profile conservatives
For some Republicans, the calculation is much like Clinton’s. Most people expect Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) and Texas Gov. Rick Perry to run. Perry has a robust policy briefing and travel schedule. Paul and Cruz are regulars in conservative media. Their most devoted fans are likely to wait for their decision. In the case of Perry, he is reportedly doing outreach to donors, even with no presidential announcement. Perry, while not officially announcing, has arguably been doing the most preparation of any potential 2016 contender, a response to his humbling experience in 2012. A late official announcement for him can follow months and months of active planning, travel and study.
Without declaring, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee gets the best free forum possible, his Fox News program. Once he does declare, he loses that forum (and the salary that goes with it). On Fox and the speaking circuit he can remain visible, weigh in on issues when he likes and forgo the early scrutiny. The danger for him is that his base overlaps with that of Cruz and Perry, and if one of them jumps in, he may have a hard time keeping his support locked down.
The establishment-friendly Republicans
That leaves former Florida governor Jeb Bush, Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. They have appeal with donors, moderates, elected officials and mainstream conservatives.
Ryan seems content to allow the field to develop, in essence making a determination that he will run only if other capable candidates with broad appeal do not. That, I would suggest, intentionally or not takes him out of the picture because it is highly likely that at least one, maybe more, in this group will run. Ryan knows and respects all of them, and while he would make a formidable candidate, he may very well see his role (as it was until his VP selection in 2012) as a policy shop for any of the reform-minded candidates.
Bush has the most to gain from going first. The “whoosh” you would hear from the donor dollars being sucked up by his fundraising apparatus would make it that much harder for Rubio and Christie to hold onto donors, staff and support. They would not acknowledge it, but Bush’s decision may be key to their own calculations. Judging from my interview and his public speeches, Bush does not need lead time to get up to speed on issues. The Bush fundraising machine is out there and could probably be flipped on relatively soon. Moreover, an active campaign gives Bush the chance to remind voters of his real record and to bat down the distorted image that he is some sort of squishy moderate. Politico reminds us :
Admittedly, there are his heresies on Common Core and immigration, the two hottest-button issues of the day in that world—but that’s enough to make Jeb a moderate? Really?
For those of us who covered Jeb’s two terms in Tallahassee, this is beyond mind-boggling. On issue after issue, Jeb’s track record in Florida pushed conservatism’s envelope to the breaking point.
For anti-tax conservatives, Jeb slashed the state’s collections by a cumulative $14 billion over his eight years. For the devoted sub-set of supply-siders: The bulk of these cuts came via the complete repeal of Florida’s decades-old wealth tax on financial instruments. . . . For anti-spending conservatives, Jeb line-item vetoed hundreds of millions of dollars in hometown projects from the state budget year after year. For small-government conservatives, Jeb eliminated thousands of jobs by outsourcing huge swaths of state duties, including the massive human resources function and the state purchasing office. For law-and-order conservatives, Jeb championed tough-on-crime bills like “10-20-life” for gun offenders and three-strikes legislation for repeat offenders. . . . For pro-gun conservatives, Jeb approved an enhanced concealed carry law and, infamously, the NRA-written “Stand Your Ground” law. (After Trayvon Martin, Jeb  said  he did not believe it should have been applied in that instance.) For religious conservatives, Jeb rammed through education bills that created the first statewide school voucher programs in the nation, and then spent years defending them against oversight attempts. He approved the “Choose Life” license plate, and sent state money to groups that counseled women against having abortions. And, famously, he pushed through legislation allowing him as governor to intervene in the Terri Schiavo right-to-die case. . . .
A presidential race with a center-right Bush in it becomes a whole lot less attractive for Rubio , especially since he says he would run for Senate reelection only if he did not run for the presidency. If Bush opts out, it makes sense for Rubio to enter the presidential race early, trying to keep donors on his side and giving the party lead time to find a Senate candidate.
Christie is caught in a bind. As the peripatetic chairman and fundraiser extraordinaire for the Republican Governors Association and a sitting governor, he has not been able to recently travel outside the country (other than Mexico) or been able to devote time to policy development. (He now has a planned trip to Canada.) Christie may just not be ready for a number of months to face nettlesome questions on foreign policy (unlike Perry, he has not written op-eds and does not speak in depth on national security issues). And yet, waiting would allow Bush to steal his thunder, his donors and his support.
In any event, Bush has promised a decision in short order. If he runs, look for some, if not all, of the other establishment figures to fade. If Bush does not run, look for Rubio or Christie to make a play for that quadrant of the GOP and for some of the other governors to move up their plans, trying to fill the big space left open. Jindal, Pence, Kasich, Walker and Perry stand to gain the most if Bush bows out and no other establishment figure dominates. Then each can strive to be the conservative of choice with broad appeal throughout the party.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Osborne dons populist armour for electionOsborne dons populist armour for election campaign
George Parker and Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f8d76c4-7b05-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pentagon favourite will lack autonomyObama’s Pentagon favourite will lack the autonomy he needs
Edward Luce
Ashton Carter is a stellar choice but he is likely to be undermined by White House micromanagement
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4b06cb60-7b12-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama says will push US labor unions to back...You are here: Home > Collections
Barack Obama says will push US labor unions to back free trade agreements
Reuters Dec 4, 2014, 01.42AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
("Part of my argument to Democrats…)
WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama acknowledged differences within his own Democratic Party on free trade agreements that he supports and vowed to make a strong case for trade to Congress.
Obama said free trade is "tough politics" among some lawmakers because many Americans feel their wages and income have stagnated as a result of foreign trade.
He said his argument to US labor unions and environmental groups concerned about the impact of free-trade agreements is that they are accepting a status quo that is damaging to American workers.
"Part of my argument to Democrats is: don't fight the last war," Obama told the Business Roundtable , referring to past battles over free trade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mariano s sets  the Italian table  with help from Italy s governmentMariano's pact with trade group will bring more Italian products to stores
Mariano's hungry for specialty goods from Italy, elsewhere
Mariano's has a new partnership with the Italian Trade Agency to bring products from southern Italy to its stores, a move it could replicate with other countries as the growing grocer hopes such specialty fare will help it stand out from rivals.
Having doubled in size, chain now turning to details ( Jessica Wohl )
"This will serve as a template for us to work with other countries," Mariano said in an interview, suggesting that countries such as Canada, France and Germany could be next. "It's not just Italy. We will begin this effort with other countries as well."
Mariano's already promotes specialty international foods in its stores. Aisles filled with foods from Italy, Mexico and other countries typically feature flags and other decorations. Now, the chain is taking the effort a step further, starting with the Italian partnership, as it tries to procure products that shoppers might not be able to find at other grocery stores.
Mariano's is one of the best grocery stores in Chicago. Jewel is one of the worst.
PeterBella
3
So far, Mariano's has started to sell products such as Agromonte tomato sauce from Sicily and Lauretana water, which it said are exclusive to the chain. The flavoring for the chain's gelato also comes from Italy, Mariano said.
The partnership with the Italian Trade Agency is being called La Tavola Italiana, or "the Italian table." The government organization aims to promote Italian companies internationally. Its Chicago office works on getting authentic Italian food and wines into grocery stores, among other projects. It also has worked on promotions with the Texas chain H-E-B and Wakefern Food, a co-operative that runs the ShopRite and Price Rite chains on the East Coast.
Mariano's emphasis on imported goods could help it stand out from the Italian offerings at other supermarkets in the Chicago area. Still, its Italian selection is much smaller than the one at Eataly, which opened an Italian-focused market in Chicago in 2013. The Italian Trade Agency has a relationship with Eataly as well, according to Patrick Capriati, a senior trade promotions officer at the agency.
Mariano's has sent executives to Italy and has hosted Italian companies in Chicago as it tries to build relationships with Italian producers. The process also can cut out the need to work with middlemen and help the chain keep a lid on costs.
Mariano estimated that his company now receives several containers of products from Italy each month, up from perhaps fewer than one every other month a year ago.
Some of the products, such as Panettone and bottled water, are also being sold at Roundy's stores in Wisconsin, Mariano said. Mariano declined to give specific examples of lower prices that resulted from the pact, but said that the company is "able to be more affordably priced."
On Thursday, Mariano and Capriati are set to officially kick off the pact with the cutting of a 10 kilogram Panettone, or sweet Italian bread, at the Mariano's store at 1800 W. Lawrence Ave. in Chicago.

Proud that my son laid down his life forcountryWritten by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:51 am
Hundreds of villagers on Wednesday turned up at a graveyard in Buran-Pattan in north Kashmir’s Baramulla district to pay last respects to Mohammad Shafi Bhat, one of the 14 CRPF personnel who were killed fighting Naxals in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma on Monday.
Shafi, 33, is survived by wife Haseena Akthar and two children. He had joined the CRPF in 2006 and served in different parts of the country.
Family members said three weeks ago Shafi had left his native village, located on the Srinagar-Baramulla highway, with a promise that he would visit them in spring. “He had promised that he will come again to home in spring. But, we can never see him again,’’ said his father Mehrajudin Bhat, who used to work with J&K’s Power Development Department.
“My son had joined the CRPF because he wanted to serve the country as a soldier. I am proud that he laid down his life for the country,’’ he said. Mehrajudin, however, is now worried about the future of Shafi’s wife and his two children. “To look after his family is my only concern.’’
Top J&K police and civil officials were present when the body of Shafi was laid to rest at the local graveyard. Since, the news of Shafi’s death broke in the village, people from neighbouring villages also visited the bereaved family.
Shafi is the first youth from the Valley who was killed fighting Maoists.
Shafi’s brother Bashir Ahmad blamed the Chhattisgarh government for his death. “My brother always used to tell me that the Maoists have automatic firearms, while the CRPF personnel are ill-equipped,’’ he said, adding, “Neither the state nor the Centre care for poor CRPF jawans who are fighting the Maoists in remote parts of the country”.
Shafi’s friend and neighbour Fayaz Ahmed said, “He used to help villagers when ever he was here on the holidays. As the young man has laid down his life for the country, it is now duty of the Centre and the state government to take care of his wife and children.’’

A year after she had third child  Valsad BJP councillorsuspendedBy: Express News Service | Surat |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:51 am
A female BJP councillor of Valsad nagarpalika in Gujarat has been suspended by the chief officer of the local body after she gave birth to a third child during her tenure as the elected member. Under the provisions of the Gujarat Municipalities Act, a councillor cannot have more than two children. The suspension order was issued on Monday.
The councillor has been identified as Manisha Patel, who had contested from ward number 9 of the nagarpalika during the last election of the local body in February, 2013. Patel had won the election by defeating her closest Congress rival.
The chief officer has suspended Patel, acting on a complaint moved by Valsad town Congress president, Nitesh Vashi. According to the details, at the time of the election, Patel had two kids. She had mentioned this in her affidavit too.
However, Vashi came to know that Patel had delivered third baby on November 7, 2013 at a private hospital in Pardi taluka of Valsad district. Vashi had given an application to Valsad district collector Dr Vikrant Pandey on November 30 last year, seeking immediate suspension of Patel under the provisions of the Gujarat Municipalities Act. Along with his application, Vashi had attached a copy of the birth certificate of Patel’s third child from the records of Pardi nagarpalika.
The district collector had ordered chief officer of Valsad nagarpalika to investigate into the application by Vashi. During the investigation, Patel did not turn up to get her statement recorded. The chief officer found substance in the complaint by Vashi and ordered her suspension.
Chief Officer of Valsad nagarpalika J U Vasawa said, “We have suspended Manisha Patel after finding (that) all the allegations made by (the) Congress leader were genuine and she had given birth to third child.”
Section 10 (j) of the Gujarat Municipal Act, introduced by the then Narendra Modi government in 2005, prohibits any one having more than two children from remaining a member of a municipal body in the state.

New CBI chief known to keep low profile and a cleanreputationWritten by Sagnik Chowdhury , Santosh Singh | New Delhi/patna |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:46 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 3:56 pm
Taking over as the new CBI director on Wednesday morning, Anil Sinha said he was assuming charge at a challenging time and would work with his team to “strengthen the cause of justice” and uphold the CBI’s guiding principles.
“I accept the responsibility to head the premier investigation agency with deep humility. I am aware of the challenges facing the CBI and would endeavour to work with my team to strengthen the cause of justice and reiterate our commitment to the values enshrined in the motto of the organisation, that is — industry, impartiality and integrity. I seek cooperation of all in discharge of my responsibilities,” Sinha said.
Faced with questions on the damage done to the CBI by a recent Supreme Court order directing former CBI chief Ranjit Sinha to recuse himself from the 2G spectrum allocation scam, the new director said he had already addressed these issues in his statement.
“There are challenges, but every challenge has to be taken up. Each challenge is an opportunity to do something good. I have already made a commitment to upholding the CBI motto,” he said.
Sinha held meetings with senior officers for detailed briefings on CBI cases later in the day, sources said. On his first day as CBI director, a reshuffle of two senior officers in the agency took place. Joint director R S Bhatti in charge of Special Crimes zone was posted as Joint Director Policy, while Joint Director Nina Singh in charge of the Special Task Force has been given additional charge of Special Crimes.
Shortly after taking charge, Sinha remarked that he preferred to stay in the background and let his “actions do the talking”. Known to keep a low profile and a clean reputation, Sinha’s elevation to the top post is expected to enable a seamless transition as his previous posting was Special Director in the agency, the second-in-command in the CBI.
A Bihar cadre IPS officer of the 1979 batch, Sinha hails from Dumraon in Buxar district. His father Rana Pratap Sinha taught psychology at H D Jain College, Ara (Bhojpur). Sinha is eldest of three brothers. The new CBI chief is also related to Hindi author Acharya Shivpoojan Sahay, and spent considerable amount of time in his house while growing up, sources said.
Sinha has served as SP in several important districts in Bihar, following which he was posted as DIG in the state police’s Special Branch. Between 1998 and 2005, he was posted on central deputation in the Special Protection Group (SPG) as DIG. As IG in the SPG, he was involved in providing protection to Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Manmohan Singh.
Following his stint in the SPG, he was repatriated to Bihar. Sinha was part of a core team of the then CM Nitish Kumar, when he introduced speedy trials to ensure convictions of over 50,000 criminals in his first term. Sinha, who was called back to Bihar on continued…

BofA chief meets PM; promises to expand Indi...You are here: Home > Collections > Bofa
BofA chief meets PM Narendra Modi; promises to expand operations in India
PTI Dec 3, 2014, 10.00PM IST
Tags:
Bank of America
(Encouraged by the prospect…)
NEW DELHI: Encouraged by the prospect of higher growth, Bank of America (BofA) today said it plans to expand its banking operations in India with particular focus on infrastructure and energy sectors.
Bank of America Chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan said this during a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi here.
The bank, a release said, will "expand its banking activities in India, and would expand its presence in capital markets, particularly in infrastructure and energy sector investment".
In the course of the interaction, Moynihan said that he expected the Indian economy to grow at a fast pace, and that "the world had changed its perception about India".
Bank of America has branch offices in Mumbai, New Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, and Bengaluru.
Earlier in the day, the government announced an Inter-Ministerial Committee to fast-track investment proposals from USA and to address the issues related to implementation.
The Committee headed by the DIPP Secretary will identify bottlenecks faced by the US investors in the implementation of their investment proposals and address them in consultation with all other agencies and state governments concerned.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Please look at your pm. expecting a reply or call from you sirPlatinum Member
781 Followers
Vivek   :   I am not invested and will save my money for some other counters like Dynemic or SKM Egg. While the EPS for Q2 of 2015 is more than double the EPS for Q2 of 2014, the half yearly EPS is almost the same - in fact, marginally fallen from 13.48 to 13.39. The CNBC pundits would call the earnings "LUMPY" !
Also, during the past 12 months, it has climbed from a low of Rs.36 to an all-time high of Rs.194. At the CMP, the risk-reward ratio is skewed in favour of risk. In fact, it has been operating with a series of UCs followed by a series of LCs. True, the UCs have been more than the LCs and, hence, the price has been rising.
Until some stability comes into the financials, I would give it a pass but keep it on my active watchlist, even if I have to buy it a little higher some time later.
LINCOLN

Bangla President likely to visit India thismonthWritten by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 3:11 am
AS Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed willingness to pass the Indo-Bangladesh Land Boundary Agreement (LBA) in the ongoing winter session, Dhaka has conveyed to New Delhi that Bangladesh President Mohammad Abdul Hamid is willing to visit India later this month. The dates being explored are in the third week of December, and could be as early as December 18-19.
Bangladesh is also keen to schedule a reciprocal visit by Modi, and talks are underway to schedule the visit in January next year.
Top government sources told The Indian Express that the Bangladesh government is pleased with Modi’s assurance given during his recent meeting with Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on the LBA, which was followed up by his public statement on the agreement. “This will be a ‘thank you gesture’ from Bangladesh, as President Hamid will be coming to India,” a senior official said here Wednesday.
The LBA has been hanging fire since 2011, after former prime minister Manmohan Singh had signed the agreement with Hasina in September that year during his visit to Bangladesh.
Trinamool Congress and Assam BJP had opposed the LBA, and the Congress-led UPA government had been unable to push through the legislation in Parliament.
However, after the BJP-led NDA government came to power in May this year, the party has changed its stance from the earlier position as an opposition.
Early this week, the standing committee on external affairs on Monday asked the government to present, without any delay, a bill to give effect to the LBA.

In steel flagships  100 workers died in last 2 years  post mortem goesonWritten by Anil Sasi | Bhilai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 3:05 am
Around 6 pm on June 12, 53-year-old N K Katariya, a deputy general manager at Bhilai Steel plant and a father of two, was getting into his car for a short drive home when he saw his colleague B K Singh. Like Katariya, Singh, another DGM at the water supply department of the steel plant, was winding up work that evening when he was informed about a rupture on the main header pipe of the plant’s pump house, which supplied water to the gas cleaning plant of the blast furnaces.
Katariya dropped his bag and joined Singh in rushing across, as any flooding would endanger the blast furnaces and may force a shutdown at the steel plant, a flagship unit of state-owned Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL). The two managers were joined by half-a-dozen other employees.
At the pump house, the team was oblivious to early indication of trouble — pigeons were falling in droves from their perches above the facility. As the water supply to the gas cleaning plant had been stopped to prevent flooding, there was a sudden drop in pressure, forcing gas from the blast furnace scrubbers to enter the pipeline. When the pipeline ruptured, there was a surge of a deadly cocktail of methane and the colourless and odourless carbon monoxide. In a matter of minutes, the team working on the line started dropping one by one.
The leakage of carbon monoxide at the plant affected 36 people, of which five, including Katariya and Singh, died during treatment, while the body of Vikas Verma — a 24-year-old contract worker — was found 30 feet down in the pump site after the water was drained.
The casualties could have been higher, had it not been for a fortuitous event. Durg Collector R Shangeetha, who was just 12 days into her job when the accident happened, told The Indian Express that there was a CISF mock drill happening near the plant around the time of the accident, so the jawans managed to carry the 36 people in time to the hospital.
SAIL described it as a “freak accident”, the first such event in 50 years. But hardly any lessons seem to have been learnt by India’s flagship firms. Just three days later, on June 16, two engineers of a private firm — SMS Seimag India Ltd — died of suspected gas leak at the Visakhapatnam Steel Plant, a unit of state-owned steel company Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd (RINL). Preliminary reports attributed the reason to suspected carbon monoxide poisoning.
In fact, if just the steel sector were to be considered, across the two flagship state-owned steel firms — SAIL and RINL — nearly 100 workmen have died in a series of accidents in the two-year period till July 2014. The biggest single event was in June 2012, when over a dozen employees, including some senior executives, died at an accident in RINL’s Visakhapatnam plant.
Consider these cases in just this year:
* On June 17, four days after the gas leak in the Bhilai Steel plant, a continued…

NIA team scans cyber cafes in Thane for ISISleadsPosted: December 4, 2014 3:00 am
By: Santoshee Gulabkali Mishra
After alleged ISIS recruit Areeb Majeed claimed to have been radicalised online, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) has sent a a team to scour cyber cafes in Thane where he is believed to have viewed videos as well as interacted with members of the extremist militia. The team, assisted by the Thane police, is currently visiting cyber cafes and trying to access computers that Areeb may have used.
Areeb, along with his friends Saheem Tanki, Aman Tandel and Fahad Sheikh, all from the Dudhnaka-Govindwadi belt in Kalyan, went missing in May this year and were later reported to have joined the ISIS. Areeb, who was earlier believed to be dead, was brought back to India last week and was arrested by the NIA.
“We are currently assisting the NIA team from Delhi, which is visiting cyber cafes across the Thane district. and accessing their computers,” said a Thane police officer. Areeb has been charged under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act as well as the Indian Penal Code and remanded to the NIA’s custody till December 8.

Affidavits filed with cops question sistersversionWritten by Sumegha Gulati | Kharkhauda |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:56 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 3:58 pm
Days after the video of two Rohtak sisters beating their alleged “harassers” on a Haryana roadways bus went viral, three passengers and three residents of the sisters’ village have come forward with testimonies and affidavits to support the three youths currently under arrest. The affidavits were submitted on Wednesday to the Haryana police.
According to Pradeep Malik, lawyer of the three youths under arrest, passengers Sonia Mittal (24), Bimla Dahiya (51) and Vikram Singh (45) have come out in their support and punch holes in the sisters’ version of the incident, while three residents of Thana Khurd village have submitted affidavits on the “character” of the sisters. The affidavits from all three passengers end with a “personal opinion” that “the boys were innocent and the girls were responsible for the incident”.
Witness Sonia Mittal claimed she overheard the sisters asking an as yet unidentified woman to support them and start record a video on her phone. Seconds after the woman agreed, the sisters started hitting the three youths who had harassed them earlier. Haryana police have since arrested three after the sisters — who will be felicitated by the Haryana Government on Republic Day — lodged a complaint.
Mittal stated in her affidavit that seconds before the fight between the sisters — Aarti and Pooja — and the three suspects turned physical she heard the two sisters ask another passenger for “support”. “It was clearly audible when they told her, ‘Hamara saath degi na? Bas video bana lio’ (Will you support us, just record a video). Pooja, then picked up a fight again and before the boy could react, she took out a belt from her bag and both sisters started beating him.”
In similar affidavits to the police, two other passengers, Bimla Dahiya and Vikram Singh, also claimed the sisters started fighting with the youths.
Three other affidavits — from Surjeet Kaur, Bimla and Sarita from Thanakhurd village, where the sisters live — cast aspersions on the sisters’ “character”, and one even accused their father of kidnapping her son. Police on Wednesday also recorded statements of bus conductor Labh Singh (24) and driver Balwan Singh (51), both currently under suspension.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Aarti asked why the women who filed the affidavits had not spoken up when the incident happened. “They should have beaten me up in the bus itself. Or spoken up in Kansala chowki in favour of the boys. Why did they not do so? We have now uploaded a video where Kuldeep’s father was beating him in Sadar police station after the incident happened. If he was not wrong, why did they beat their own son?”
Meanwhile, Pooja rubbished allegations that the belt was in her bag. Demonstrating that it took her “less than 20 seconds” continued…

SC dismisses Keralas plea to review Mullaperiyar damverdictBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:53 am
The Supreme Court has dismissed Kerala government’s plea to reconsider its verdict to declare as “unconstitutional” a law enacted by Kerala to restrict water level in the Mullaperiyar dam to 136 ft. The verdict had also restrained Kerala from obstructing Tamil Nadu from raising the water level in the dam on the Periyar river to 142 ft and from carrying out necessary repair works.
“Application for hearing in open court is rejected. We have gone through the review petition and the connected papers. We see no reason to interfere with the order impugned. The review petition is, accordingly, dismissed,” said a five-judge bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu. Kerala is left with the final legal remedy of filing a curative petition in the court for a reconsideration of the May-judgement. In its judgement, a Constitution bench had noted that Kerala’s 2006 amendment law “plainly seeks to nullify the judgement of this court which is constitutionally impermissible” and it has to be declared as ultra vires and unconstitutional. It said that once the states had subjected themselves to the jurisdiction of the court and it decided upon the case, it was not open for a state to seek indirect reversal of the judgement by enacting a law.

GOP struggling with resposnse to Obama on immigration.By Robert Costa December 3 Follow @costareports
House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio, joined by Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of Calif., left, meets with reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, Dec. 2, 2014, following a House Republican caucus meeting. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
Republican divisions over the party’s response to President Obama’s overhaul of the nation’s immigration system deepened on Wednesday, with influential conservative lawmakers and grassroots activists threatening to derail a government-funding plan proposed by GOP leaders and once again bringing Congress to the brink of a federal shutdown.
The rancor among Republicans has alarmed allies of House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio), who are increasingly worried about whether Boehner will be able to muscle through the latest legislative offering he unveiled on Wednesday, which would fund the government and  while also allowing furious Republicans a chance to publicly repudiate the president.
Speaking to a crowd of bundled up tea-party members at an outdoor rally on Capitol Hill, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), who led the effort to shutter the government last year over the president’s health-care law, lambasted Boehner’s approach as a “meaningless show vote.”
Several House members, including Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa), joined Cruz and railed against the GOP leadership for not being aggressive enough. One week before government funding is set to expire, King said he is rounding up of dozens of votes against Boehner's plan and remains confident that Republicans could endure the political fallout from a standoff.
Speaker of the House John Boehner urged passage of a bill to condemn President Obama's action on immigration during a news conference on Thursday. (AP)
At the heart of the intra-party tensions is whether to fund the Department of Homeland Security programs responsible for the enforcement of immigration laws. Boehner's strategy would have the House vote by next week to fund most federal agencies through the end of the fiscal year, except for DHS appropriations, which would be funded for a shorter period and revisited once the GOP takes control of both chambers next year.
Before bringing that hybrid spending bill to the floor, House Republicans would first vote on a bill authored by Rep. Ted Yoho (R-Fla.) to ban Obama from changing immigration laws, a largely symbolic gesture that would be quickly discarded by the Democratic-controlled Senate.
But growing and vocal group of conservatives do not want to provide any monies to federal programs that would implement the president’s immigration actions, and argue that even briefly funding immigration agencies would constitute political surrender. Others have scowled when asked about the Yoho bill, calling it a feeble attempt to appease hardliners.
“The House has got to speak clearly and they should not acquiesce to this unlawful action,” warned Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), the ranking member of budget committee, in an interview  Wednesday. “Congress does not have an obligation to fund any program that it doesn’t agree with.”
Senior Republican aides still believe they will be able to avoid a shutdown over immigration and keep the government funded, but they acknowledged privately Wednesday that if droves of conservatives desert Boehner, he would be forced to seek Democratic votes. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), however, has said that Democrats are uneasy about Boehner’s gambit and cannot be counted on to support it.
Robert Costa is a national political reporter at The Washington Post.

Purple Line bid deadline delayed for Hogan decisionBy Katherine Shaver December 3 Follow @shaverk
(Gene Thorp/The Washington Post)
The Maryland Transit Administration has delayed by two months a major bid deadline on the proposed light-rail Purple Line between Montgomery and Prince George’s counties to give Gov.-elect Larry Hogan (R) more time to evaluate the project.
The Jan. 9 deadline for bids to build and operate the 16-mile line has been pushed back to March 12, an agency spokesman said Wednesday.
The timing of the bid solicitation and Hogan’s decision of whether to continue or kill the $2.45-billion transit project must jibe because the state, in an effort to increase competition, agreed to pay up to $2 million each for losing bids.
That “stipend” — which could amount to a total $8 million if all four bids were rejected — would only kick in after bids are submitted. Hogan has said he will not make any policy announcements until after he takes office Jan. 21.
The delay was first reported by the Montgomery Gazette.
Four teams of private companies have spent more than a year preparing highly technical proposals to design, build, operate, maintain and help finance the transit line between Bethesda and New Carrollton. The 35-year contract would be one of the most far-reaching public-private partnerships of any transit project in the United States and the first for a Maryland transit project.
If Hogan continues with the project, the delayed bids would not affect the state schedule of construction beginning in 2015, MTA spokesman Paul Shepard said. He said the state is continuing to buy property needed for the line.
The Purple Line was not a major issue in the gubernatorial campaign. However, when asked in media interviews, Hogan said a Purple Line between Bethesda and New Carrollton, as well as a $2.9 billion Red Line in Baltimore, would be too expensive. The state’s transportation funds, Hogan said, would be better spent on road projects.
Montgomery and Prince George’s officials have said they plan to lobby the incoming governor to try to change his mind.
Local officials say they need the transit line to attract economic development and focus new growth around light-rail stations. State officials say the line would provide a faster, more reliable east-west transit link between Metrorail lines than buses now do, and would connect to Amtrak and MARC commuter rail stations.
Critics say a Purple Line would be too expensive and would cause too much environmental damage, particularly along the wooded Georgetown Branch extension of the Capital Crescent Trail between Bethesda and Silver Spring.
 
 
Katherine Shaver is a transportation and development reporter. She joined The Washington Post in 1997 and has covered crime, courts, education and local government but most prefers writing about how people get — or don’t get — around the Washington region.

GlaxoSmithKline confirms "hundreds" of US job cuts as market gets tougherYou are here: Home > Collections > Gsk
GlaxoSmithKline confirms "hundreds" of US job cuts as market gets tougher
Dec 4, 2014, 03.32AM IST
Tags:
Advair
(Many of the jobs lost will…)
LONDON: GlaxoSmithKline said on Wednesday it would shed "several hundred" US commercial jobs and a similar number of research positions as it restructures operations in its biggest market, where drug sales are flagging.
Many of the jobs lost will be from GSK's Research Triangle Park site in North Carolina as drug research is consolidated in Philadelphia and in Stevenage, near London.
"This is a significant programme and will result in the loss of several hundred employees in the US commercial business and a similar number in R&D activities based in the US," a company spokesman said in an emailed statement.
Sources familiar with the matter said at the weekend the drugmaker would inform US staff about the job cuts as it starts implementing a big cost-saving programme, following a sharp decline in sales of its top-selling lung drug Advair.
Britain's biggest drugmaker announced in October that the new restructuring scheme would save 1 billion pounds ($1.57 billion) in annual costs over three years, although it did not go into details at the time.
Staff in the United States, where GSK employs 17,000 people in commercial and research operations, were briefed on the changes on Wednesday.
"Cuts are not being made across the board but are strategic, focused changes to allow GSK to operate more efficiently," the spokesman said. "This is a rescaling of work to reflect market forces that were anticipated but that have accelerated and are affecting the entire industry."
Respiratory medicine has traditionally been GSK's strongest business and Advair - an inhaled therapy for asthma and chronic lung disease - is its biggest seller. But Advair sales are now tumbling in the United States, while new lung drugs Breo and Anoro are proving slow to take off.
Advair has been hit by competition from rivals and an increasing trend by US health insurers to use hardball tactics to get drugmakers to cut prices for older products.
French drugmaker Sanofi has reported similar pressures from US insurers in the diabetes market.
US insurers, who themselves are under pressure to keep premiums in check, are pushing back particularly hard on prices for medicines in areas like diabetes and respiratory diseases where there are multiple options for doctors and patients.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Viewer feedback time with Jake Novakviewer feedback time with jake novak
NMDC to ramp up outputNMDC to ramp up output
ProAssurance Announces a Special Dividend  Increases Its Regular Dividend and Adds to Share Repurchase..ProAssurance Announces a Special Dividend  Increases Its Regular Dividend and Adds to Share Repurchase..
Takata official testifies over air bag recall pressureTakata official testifies over air bag recall pressure
SapnaOnline acquires BookaddaSapnaOnline acquires Bookadda
It should come down  on thursday  it may touch 489Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Thank you sks sir. i will add noida on dips. what abt tata sponge1762 Followers
dear hsaniva
Noida toll valuation will increase with time .this year they will post eps in excess of Rs 4 along  Rs with 2.5 to 3 dps on zero  debt.it is will great buy below 30 for getting dividend for long term.Rs 50 it will fetch within a yaer.
since you bought sub 25 level uou can add more at current level and lowere level too.
other long term bet will be L&T FH and if if hold this stock for 5 years it can give 2-3 time return coservatiively.
another which is trading above around 6-7  % yield is NMDC which can easily fetch 300 if gdp start improving
gold bees I am buying as hedge against my portfolio which will be deployed in equity if correction start
sks
In reply to : hsaniva message
5.12 AM Dec 3rd

Its peer hil is trading @ low pe with good eps than this stock. do you...New Member
668 Followers
Dear SASK bhai.. HIL is also a really good company and they are into rooftop solutions while IFGL is mainly into refractories. HIL is trading at a PE of around 9 and IFGL is trading at a PE of around 8. So both a are good companies. I do not track HIL closely but I know that IFGL has huge huge plans to expand and bring their existing plants to full capacity. In a couple of year, we should see huge business in IFGL. Wish you all the very best...

Octobers market jitters are just a tasteOctober jitters are just a taste of things to come
Henny Sender
Investors face further unpredictability as liquidity dries up
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7e828464-65c5-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar rally fuelled by weaker oilDollar rally gains fresh energy from weaker oil
Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/88309ffc-7b0d-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Generic drug prices skyrocket in past yearGeneric drug prices skyrocket in past year
Rising drug prices hit home for epileptic
Craig Elliott is seeking answers to why the prices of his anti-seizure medication has gone up dramatically. (Stacey Wescott, Chicago Tribune)
Craig Elliott is seeking answers to why the prices of his anti-seizure medication has gone up dramatically. (Stacey Wescott, Chicago Tribune)
Generic drug prices are skyrocketing. Why?
The biggest price increase year over year for generic drugs was 17,714 percent
Generic drug prices have soared in recent years, with pharmacies and some consumers losing out
After calling for a routine prescription refill, Craig Elliott got a rude shock: His bill was going up fivefold.
The 44-year-old piano tuner and guitar instructor from Elgin, who has health insurance, used to pay $20 for a three-month supply of his generic epilepsy drug as a member of Walgreen's Prescription Savings Club. But recently, the price shot up to more than $100, forcing him to order month by month.
"I'll get by… (but) I don't like now having a larger bill every month," Elliott said.
Chicago Tribune Graphics
Countless other Americans are feeling the same sticker shock at the drug store. Historically costing pennies on the dollar compared with  a brand-name drug, generic drugs have long been considered a vital weapon in the fight to contain soaring health care costs. But in the past year, the price of many generics is disconcertingly moving in the wrong direction, drawing the attention of Congress and pinching the wallets of consumers as well as pharmacies and insurers.
"We are talking about the need of the American people to be able to afford the medicine that their doctors prescribe," U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), chairman of a Senate health care subcommittee, said at a hearing on the issue  Thursday. "There appears to be now a trend in the industry where a number of drugs are going up at extraordinary rates… We wanted to know if there was a rational economic reason as to why patients saw these price increases or whether it was simply a question of greed."
Experts say raw material shortages, consolidation in the industry and medical advancements that make replicating brand-name drugs more expensive have all contributed to skyrocketing costs.
8
According to Catamaran, a Schaumburg-based pharmacy benefit manager that administers prescription drug programs, consumers and insurers paid an average of $13.14 per prescription for the 50 most popular generics in 2010. In 2014, they paid $62.10, a 373 percent increase. Today, more than a third of available generics cost insurers and consumers more than $100 per prescription, company data show.
"People who don't have insurance, they're picking up the full fare of these drugs," said Catamaran's Chief Medical Officer Dr. Sumit Dutta. "And they're often not in the best place to handle the cost of these medications."
A Pembroke Consulting analysis of federal data shows that the price pharmacies pay for generics over the past year has soared, too, by as much as 17,700 percent in one case. One in 11 generic drugs have more than doubled in acquisition cost for pharmacies over the past year.
To cope, insurance companies have introduced co-pay tiers to their plans to offset rising generic prices, Dutta said.
Deerfield-based Walgreen Co., which cited the skyrocketing generic drug prices as an obstacle for 2015 profits, has a similar tiered system with its Prescription Savings program, a membership plan that offers discounts on services and drugs. The generic epilepsy drug that Elliott takes, Carbamazepine, had previously been on its list of value-priced generics but was removed when the price increased, a Walgreen spokesman said. According to Pembroke Consulting, pharmacies in July 2014 paid between 10 percent less or 60 percent more for the drug — depending on the dose — compared with a year earlier.
A spokeswoman for Teva Pharmaceuticals, one of six manufactures of the epilepsy drug according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration website, declined to say why the price of Carbamazepine has been rising.
cComments
@Miner49er Do you know where I can find that information? Were they talking about the price of drug vehicles like binders and gelatin capsules, the price of the actual medicinal ingredients, the price of solvents and chemicals necessary to the manufacturing process, or were they speaking...
DrewMac
10
"Teva is committed to ensuring access and providing high-quality, affordable medicines to U.S. patients," the spokeswoman said in an emailed response. "While it is possible to find examples of generic medicines that have increased in price, these select instances are not indicative of the overall market trend."
The largest price increase from 2013 to 2014 was a 500 milligram capsule of Tetracycline, an antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections. That dose went up in price 17,714 percent, from 5 cents per pill to $8.59. An FDA spokeswoman said a more than two-year shortage due to unavailability of raw materials to make the drug, as well as manufacturing issues, was resolved in March.
While raw material shortages are one factor behind price increases, health analysts say that market competition — or lack thereof – also plays a role. Sometimes, drug manufacturers opt to discontinue a line because the presence of other manufacturers results in pricing pressures, which cut into profits. They also feel pressure to specialize product lines and consolidate through mergers and acquisitions, creating even more pricing power for remaining manufacturers.
And as medicine advances and drugs become more expensive and difficult to imitate, fewer companies are willing to invest in making generic versions of brand-name drugs that move off patent protection.
When chemotherapy drug Xeloda moved off patent in December 2013, a generic version, Capecitabine, came to market. Today, it costs just $40 less per prescription than it did when it was a branded drug – $2,660 instead of $2,700, a 1.5 percent decrease, according to Catamaran data.
The rising prices have caught the attention of Congress and last month Sanders and Maryland's Rep. Elijah Cummings requested financial documents from 14 pharmaceutical companies across the country. Northbrook-based Marathon Pharmaceuticals is among those being investigated.
Marathon makes drugs for rare diseases and is the only company manufacturing two drugs that are used for heart diseases – Isuprel and Nitropress, a spokesman said. The price of those drugs increased nearly five times from November 2012 to September 2014, according to the Health Care Supply Chain Association, a group that represents large group purchasing organizations for hospitals.
Marathon said it doesn't think it should have been included in the investigation, even though the two drugs it makes are no longer covered by patents. The company did not dispute the roughly 400 percent increase in the price of the two drugs, but said it has spent more than $200 million on the drugs, including purchasing intellectual property from Hospira last year and investments in the drugs, a cost not usually incurred by generic drug "copycats."
A Hospira spokeswoman declined to elaborate on why the company sold the drugs beyond saying they were divested "for business reasons."
"Again, it's a drug that someone owned that we had to buy, we had to pay for it," Marathon General Counsel Pat Morris said. "And we have to do this in the face of (the fact that) a generic drug could come in tomorrow and take all of our sales."
Some experts have said prices will come down when other pharmaceutical companies recognize an opportunity to share in the profits of some of the drugs that have skyrocketed in price. Buyer consolidation should help, too, they said.
Last year, CVS Caremark announced a partnership with Cardinal Health, giving it more generic drug buying power. Walgreen Co. works with AmerisourceBergen and Alliance Boots and McKesson announced its acquisition of Celesio in January. Those three groups wield a huge amount of purchasing power, which should keep generic drug prices down.

Honda to Expand Air Bag Recall NationwideIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

California Nuke Plant Key in Quake Safety ReviewIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Google s next project for girl coders: Lighting White House Christmas treesGoogle's next project for girl coders: Lighting White House Christmas trees
White House Christmas tree
Mark Wilson/ Getty Images
The White House is seen in the background after the National Christmas Tree was lit during its lighting ceremony in 2011.
The White House is seen in the background after the National Christmas Tree was lit during its lighting ceremony in 2011. (Mark Wilson/ Getty Images)
By Mashable

Arms dealer Kalashnikovs image makeover: Selling weapons of peaceBy Dan Lamothe December 3 Follow @danlamothe
Aleksey Krivoruchko, chief executive of Kalashnikov Concern, speaks during the presentation of the new logo of the Kalashnikov company in Moscow on Dec. 2. (VASILY MAXIMOVVASILY MAXIMOV/AFP/Getty Images)
In the 2005 movie “Lord of War,” an arms dealer played by Nicolas Cage waxes poetic on the Kalashnikov assault rifle. All fighters love the “elegantly simple” weapon, Cage’s arms dealer says, citing the ease with which it avoids jamming and overheating.
“It’s so easy, even a child can use it — and they do,” recalls the character, Yuri Orlov, a self-styled former “merchant of death.”
“The Soviets put the gun on a coin,” Orlov says. “Mozambique put it on their flag. Since the end of the Cold War, the Kalashnikov has become the Russian people’s greatest export. After that comes vodka, caviar, and suicidal novelists. One thing is for sure, no one was lining up to buy their cars.”
The scene is indicative of a broader issue: Even in popular culture, the Kalashnikov rifle — known to many as the AK-47 — is widely seen as a weapon of insurgents, militants and child soldiers. It has been used in propaganda videos and media interviews by some of the world’s most notorious terrorists, including Islamic State fighters and Osama bin Laden, who placed it alongside him in television interviews conducted with CNN in 1997 and ABC in 1998 . It also has been used widely against American and coalition troops in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
But the Kalashnikov is getting an image makeover. The company behind the gun announced a rebranding effort in Moscow on Tuesday, introducing a new black and red logo while shrugging off sanctions imposed by the United States as a result of Russian involvement in eastern Ukraine. The Kalashnikov rifle helps protect peace, company officials said, according to media reports from Moscow.
The state-controlled Russia Today says the company will be called Kalashnikov Concern, with a slogan that translates as “weapons of peace” and “weapons of the world,” depending on the translation. The firm released this video to highlight the new brand:
Whether anybody is buying the message shift is another story. As C.J. Chivers’ 2010 bestselling book “The Gun” outlined in detail, the weapon’s legacy is imprinted as far back as the Vietnam War, in which the Pentagon faced the realization that an enemy had cheaply made, reliable automatic weapons that could be used with little training to target American troops. The Chinese eventually started building them, in addition to the Soviet Union.
“Since the AK-47, or Kalashnikov, had first surfaced, the American military had dismissed it as cheap and ineffective,” according to an excerpt of the book posted here . “But as this new weapon’s cracking bursts were heard in battle each day, the Eastern bloc’s assault rifle at last captured the Pentagon’s attention. It marked the Kremlin’s influence on how war was experienced by combatants of limited means — the Kalashnikov-carrying guerrilla, a common man with portable and easy-to-use automatic arms, was now in the field by the tens of thousands, and these men were outgunning American troops.”
The U.S. military responded with the development of the M-16 rifle, which was troubled with reliability issues early on and used smaller 5.56mm rounds than the 7.62mm ammunition in the Kalashnikov. Decades later, rank-and-file combat troops still debate whether modern versions of the M-16 use ammo powerful enough to stop enemy fighters.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Scientists find the cells that give animals a 3-D compass in their brainsBy Rachel Feltman December 3 Follow @rachelfeltman
An Egyptian fruit bat. (Merlin D. Tuttle/Bat Conservation International)
Researchers have pinpointed the brain cells that allow bats to orient themselves as they fly through the air.
Your brain is constantly orienting you in space: Which way is up, down, sideways and so on. This internal compass is what keeps us convinced that our surroundings make sense, and allows us to navigate through them. And according to a study published Wednesday in Nature , that sense of direction may come down to specialized brain cells.
Bats need that spatial savvy even more than we do, given their tendency to hang upside-down and swoop through the night sky and all that. From the Guardian :
At rest, bats suspend themselves head downward but, unlike some bird species, are incapable of flying upside down. Both take-off and landing therefore involve aerial rotations that invert the entire body, so that the bat ends up facing the direction opposite to that in which it started. The movements required for these acrobatic flight manoeuvres occur mostly in the horizontal and vertical planes, with very little rolling taking place.
Researchers at the Weizmann Institute of Science tracked these movements on video while taking readings of the bats' brains using microelectrodes. They saw that certain neurons were only activated when the bats had their heads at a particular 3D angle.
And it turns out that this 3D compass is totally separate from the parts of the brain that navigate in two dimensions. Humans definitely have these 2D cells -- they help us navigate the world with a mental, grid-like map. In bats, the two sets of neurons may combine to make a donut-shaped directional model for bats: On the one hand, they have their location, but they also need to know their pitch in relation to it.
(Ulanovsky, et al/Nature)
Co-author Arseny Finkelstein thinks that humans might have this collaborative internal compass as well. And if we do, he told The Verge , its malfunction might be what causes sensations like vertigo:
To underscore the importance of his findings, Finkelstein points to vertigo — a condition that's often described as a sensation of spinning while remaining stationary. He says that this might be caused by a misalignment between our brain's mental map and our 3D compass. Vertigo can be an extremely dangerous when it happens to pilots, because they lose the ability to tell which way is up, and which is down. "But we don’t know what triggers the realignment of the map and the compass," he says, "or how we integrate the map with the compass to move around." If we could understand that, we might be able to help pilots avoid major accidents.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

After 90-year old is arrested  Florida judge halts law that restricts feeding the homelessNinety-year-old Arnold Abbott has fed the homeless for two decades in Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., and is vowing to continue his charity despite being cited for violating a city ordinance that restricts feeding the homeless in certain public spaces. (Reuters)
 
It is no longer illegal to feed the homeless in Fort Lauderdale. For now, anyway.
On Tuesday, a Florida circuit court judge temporarily halted a controversial ordinance that restricts charities from feeding the homeless in public. The ruling arrived several days after the most recent arrest of Arnold Abbott, a 90-year-old World War II veteran who has for years run a nonprofit devoted to feeding the city’s homeless population.
Abbott’s first citation occurred in a local park on Nov. 2 after police ordered him to “Drop that plate right now,” according to MSN .  Abbott continued to violate the feeding ban, the article added, racking up four more citations, each carrying a fine of up to $500 and up to 60 days in jail. A court hearing for the initial infraction was scheduled for today.
Yeah yeah I know. Fox news can burn in Hades but http://t.co/v93CKGqWZ3 Arnold Abbot was arrested in Florida for feeding the homeless.
— Jessica DeBord (@jessicapdebord) November 17, 2014
Arnold Abbot, 90, appears at homeless rally in Fort Lauderdale. pic.twitter.com/mx2xjSckfJ
— Erika C. Pesantes (@epesantes) November 29, 2014
 
“We’re elated the judge has entered the stay,” John David, Abbott’s attorney  told the Sun Sentinel .
Abbott seemed to have public opinion on his side. For starters, his fight was  featured on the Colbert Report last month .
“I say if the homeless want to eat they should do it in the privacy of wherever those people live,” Colbert sarcastically chimed.
This weekend, around 100 demonstrators pooled outside Fort Lauderdale’s federal courthouse to protest the ordinance. The group marched several blocks and served pizza to members of the city’s homeless community, according to NBC 6 .
“The reason we’re not going to back down is because it’s so unjust to put people in jail for helping other people,” Rabbi Barry Silver told the station.
More recently, he was personally singled out by the hacktivist group Anonymous. On Monday, the group brought down the city’s Web site and e-mail on Monday and interfered with several other sites associated with city government using a denial-of-service attack, according to Russia Today . In a video posted online before the attack, the group gave Mayor Jack Seiler 24 hours to lift the ordinance.
“I’ve had calls from Moscow and Syria,” Abbott  told the Sentinel after arrest number two . “The phone is ringing every 15 seconds.”
The law, which took effect Oct. 31, limits the location of homeless feeding sites and requires that they offer bathroom facilities, hand-washing stations and food at particular temperatures. Broward County Circuit Judge Thomas Lynch instructed all sides to enter into mediation during a 30-day window when the city will be prohibited from enforcing the ordinance, the Sentinel reported.  The Rev. Mark Sims, a longtime homeless advocate, told the paper that the judge’s decision will help each side find common ground.
“I’m very pleased,” he said. “I think it’s a great first step for the city to sit down with a more varied group of people to work out a plan so we can provide food for everyone who is hungry in the city, not just those who are in the large shelters.”
Supporters of the ordinance point out that their law is not unlike others in cities across the country. In a column last month , Fred Grimm of the Miami Herald noted that while Abbott has been painted by supporters as a martyr, the park where he was arrested early last month has been transformed over time.
“Over the last few years, the plaza had become another encampment,” he wrote. “Nearby merchants and parents escorting their children through an intimidating gauntlet to the library entrance raised the usual complaints — public drunkenness, public defecation, public urination, fights, drug dealing, piles of litter, a god-awful smell.”
Though the judge’s decision comes as a blow to the mayor’s office, different elements of the city’s government may find relief in the law’s temporary prohibition. Nicki Grossman, president of the Fort Lauderdale Convention and Visitors Bureau, urged city officials to do something about the wave of negative press, the Sentinel reported.
“It is not pleasant getting e-mails from people saying we’re not coming to your city because you have no heart,” she told the paper.
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

The dos and dont s of taking antibioticsThe Dos and Don’ts of Taking Antibiotics
Here's what you need to look out for when taking antibiotics.
By mDhil Editorial | Mdhil –  Tue 2 Dec, 2014 1:00 PM IST
Tweet
0
So the change in weather has triggered yet another bacterial infection. No worries, antibiotics are here to your rescue! This most frequently prescribed medication in allopathic medicine, antibiotics, either kill bacteria or restrict their multiplication.
The first antibiotic, Penicillin, was discovered quite accidentally by well-known scientist Sir Alexander Fleming in 1928. And today, after 80+ years, antibiotics, when used properly, can cure life threatening disease like TB and milder ailments like fever (if caused by bacteria).
 The Dos and Don’ts of Taking Antibiotics
If you’re popping an antibiotic, here are some strict dos and don’ts. Follow them to the T to get well soon:
Do as told.
It is imperative to take your antibiotic in the right doses, as prescribed by your doctor. Some medications are required to be taken after food, while some others are to be taken on an empty stomach. Do as told, for the medication to work well.
Store them right!
It is important to store your medication at the right temperature, or the composition might be affected.
Do not take antibiotics for common cold.
There are many misconceptions surrounding antibiotics. One of the common myths supports the use of antibiotics for viral conditions like common cold, flu, sore throat; or even fungal infections like ringworm . If this is done, treatment will backfire and worsen the ailment.
Do not self-medicate.
Self-diagnosing and taking an antibiotic can be very risky. The cause of the infection, dosage, side-effects, allergies etc. — all need to be factored — before taking antibiotics. Among the varied kinds of antibiotics available – each for a specific class of bacteria — choosing the right one is very crucial.  Let the doctor do his/her work. Often, information that you have may not be enough. So, consult your doctor.
NEVER skip doses…
Antibiotics have to be taken at regular intervals for the time period they have been prescribed to effectively destroy the infection, and the bacteria causing it. Worse, if you skip doses, the bacteria might develop resistance to the drug. It also makes infections harder to treat in the future.
Watch out! Side effects of antibiotics!
Many antibiotics have side-effects. So be alert! Some common side-effects include:
Stomach upset, very watery diarrhoea , abdominal pain
Vomiting
Itching in the vaginal area or discharge
Allergies like swelling of lips, face or tongue
Hive formation
Shortness of breath
Fainting
Rush to your doctor in case you experience any of the above. It is always good to discuss any allergies you might have with your doctor before he prescribes any medication. A wrong antibiotic may end up doing more harm than good.

Serbia torn between Russia and EuropeDecember 3, 2014 6:25 pm
Serbia torn between Russia and Europe
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d91c2412-7aff-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI raises prepaid card limit to Rs1 lakh; gift card to be valid for 3 yrsRBI raises prepaid card limit to Rs1 lakh; gift card to be valid for 3 yrs
http://usat.ly/1voxJnPFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Who's behind the devastating Sony hack?
The mystery of who hacked into and shut down the computer network of Sony Pictures Entertainment looked no closer to a solution Wednesday.
Post to Facebook
Who's behind the devastating Sony hack? The mystery of who hacked into and shut down the computer network of Sony Pictures Entertainment looked no closer to a solution Wednesday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zR7xkE
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Who's behind the devastating Sony hack?
Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 6:06 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Video Keywords Kim Jong-un NCAA illegal file sharing red glowing Sony Pictures Sony North Korea
Investigators are considering North Korea's possible ties to Sony Pictures Entertainment's hack attack, a federal law enforcement official said Monday. Is it all retaliation against "The Interview" starring Seth Rogen and James Franco? Shannon Rae Green
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  The attack has crippled Sony Pictures entertainment network. And variety
00:06  reports that at least five new Sony movies have been released
00:10  to illegal file sharing site. A federal law official not authorized
00:14  to comment publicly said today that investigators looking into whether North
00:18  Korea had any ties to the hacking incidents. Could the attack
00:22  be retaliation. For this Sony film. Please remember to consume an
00:26  easy pastor manipulated I have a cute for you. And he
00:33  dictates. James Franco and Seth Rogen star as tabloid TV journalist
00:38  who scored in your view with North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un.
00:41  That's an NCAA recruit them to assassinate him. And the CIA
00:45  would love it if you could take him out. It didn't
00:49  take him. Coffee dinner for can cheat you know. Taking. Euros
00:56  to kill the leader of North Korea yes yeah. Sony employees
01:00  found a red glowing skeleton last Monday with a message. We've
01:04  already warn geo and this is just a beginning Kim Jong-un
01:07  has RD called the film a quote act of war earlier
01:11  this year. The five Sony movies are being downloaded hundreds of
01:15  thousands of times on a legal site according to variety. The
01:19  upcoming remake of Annie is not out to the public but
01:22  it is being hired at the so the state of the
01:25  suspects for awhile yeah. Fury however is still in Peters and
01:35  it is being downloaded the most. Deals are peaceful. Industries violent.
01:50  Other films include mr. turner still Alice and to write love
01:54  on her arms.
Sony Pictures Entertainment headquarters in Culver City, Calif. on Dec. 2. The FBI has confirmed it is investigating a recent hacking attack at Sony Pictures Entertainment, which caused major internal computer problems at the film studio last week.
(Photo: Nick Ut, AP)
190 CONNECT 310 TWEET 24 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — The mystery of who hacked into and shut down the computer network of Sony Pictures Entertainment looked no closer to a solution Wednesday.
The tech site Re/code published a report in the morning saying Sony would name North Korea as the source.
At the same time, the Hollywood Reporter speculated the hack might have been the work of an insider at the studio.
However, a Sony Pictures Entertainment spokesperson, said, "the investigation continues into this very sophisticated cyberattack. The Re/code story is not accurate."
Whoever turns out to be the culprit, the attack has been devastating to the entertainment giant.
Sony Pictures' computer network was taken down a week ago Monday. As of Wednesday, some staffers were still having to use cellphones and texting to communicate as e-mail was not available.
Five Sony movies, four of which have not yet been released, were posted online and are being widely distributed on pirating sites.
They included Fury, Annie, Mr. Turner, Still Alice and To Write Love on Her Arms.
In addition, a huge, 27-gigabyte stash of files was stolen from the company's network and put online.
The stash contained "a treasure trove of sensitive company files, ranging from HR documents with employee info, to legal paperwork, to confidential company meeting notes and documents," said Dan Tentler, co-founder of the computer security firm Carbon Dynamics.
After the attackers compromised Sony's data, they subsequently used Sony PlayStation network host machines to distribute the files via BitTorrent, Tentler said.
"That's just adding insult to injury; they're using Sony's corporate compartmentalization against them," he said.
By Tuesday afternoon, the files were no longer being distributed from the PlayStation machines. However, that didn't matter as by then they had been disseminated across the Internet, Tentler said.
The North Korean angle is a popular theory on who did the deed, because that government is believed to be angry over a forthcoming Sony movie, The Interview.
It depicts two entertainment reporters, played by James Franco and Seth Rogen, who score an interview with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un. The CIA then recruits them to assassinate Kim.
Sony hack may be linked to James Franco comedy
Another clue is the discovery of a piece of malicious software that is likely related to the same attackers. In some ways, it points to an insider.
"From the samples we obtained, we can say the attackers knew the internal network from Sony since the malware samples contain hard-coded names of servers inside Sony's network and even credentials /usernames and passwords," said Jaime Blasco, a director with AlienVault Labs, a cybersecurity company.
However, the hackers are also using the Korean language in some of the systems they're using, Blasco found, so that's another clue.
Having an angry nation behind the attack makes more sense than an attack by typical profit-driven cybercriminals, said Trey Ford, a security strategist with computer security firm Rapid7.
"The attack was clearly aimed to create chaos and disruption — wiping a master boot record means that upon reboot, the hardware can't be read by the hard drive," he said.
Destroying a company's machines makes sense for an activist or military operation, either to raise awareness for a specific cause or to destroy an entity's ability to use something, he said.
This type of destruction clearly means the attackers have "no desire to further use that system for themselves," the opposite of anyone doing it for the money, Ford suggested.
190 CONNECT 310 TWEET 24 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zR7xkE
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Ben Carson to Wolf Blitzer: I stand by my Nazi Germany-U.S. commentsBy Erik Wemple December 3 Follow @ErikWemple
Ben Carson, the famed neurosurgeon and conservative commentator, has enjoyed a welcoming platform at Fox News, where he formerly served as a contributor . In early November, for instance, Carson outlined a program for ending the cycle of dependency among the poor on an edition of “Hannity.” Host Sean Hannity responded, “A bold vision.” On Nov. 21, Fox News host Bill O’Reilly, in discussing Carson’s presidential prospects, told Carson, “I will assure you that if [leftists] come after you in an unfair way, we will step up and help you out with that.”
Possible-presidential-candidate Carson now needs to show off his bona fides to other cable-news audiences, which perhaps explains why he surfaced this afternoon on CNN with anchor Wolf Blitzer. A significant chunk of the discussion focused on comments wherein Carson has compared the contemporary United States to Nazi Germany .
“To make the comparison of the United States and Nazi Germany — that just struck an awful tone,” said Blitzer in a non-question question. Carson responded: “Well, Nazi Germany experienced something horrible. The people in Nazi Germany largely did not believe in what Hitler was doing, but did they say anything? Of course not — they kept their mouths shut. And there’s some very important lessons to be learned there. The fact that our government is using instruments of government like the IRS to punish its opponents — this is not the kind of thing something that, as far as I’m concerned, is a Democrat or Republican issue. This is an American issue. This is something that threatens all of our liberty, all of our freedom.”
Carson said a bit more about how Americans are afraid to express themselves, not that Blitzer was impressed with the logic: “But to make the comparison, Dr. Carson, to Nazi Germany, the slaughter of six million Jews by the Nazis, the devastation that erupted in Europe and around the world, to the United States of America,” said Blitzer. “I want you to reflect on what that potentially means.”
Complying with Blitzer’s polite request, Carson explained: “Again, you are just focusing on the words ‘Nazi Germany’ and completely missing the point … and that’s the problem right now. That’s what PCism is all about. You may not say this word, regardless of what your point is. Because if you say that word, I go into a tizzy. We can do better than that. When I was a child, and when you were a child, they used to say, ‘Sticks and stones break my bones, words will never hurt me.’ What ever happened to that? We need to get to the point where we can look beyond the word and look for the meaning.”
Please excuse Blitzer for thinking that the words “Nazi Germany” have patent meaning without looking “beyond the word.”
The host asked Carson if he wished to amend his stance on the parallels between Nazi Germany and the United States. Carson declined the invitation. That’s hardly surprising, given that Carson has been terribly consistent on this point .
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

New version of Peter Pan character gets rave from one Native AmericanBy Peggy McGlone December 3 Follow https://twitter.com/PeggyMcGlone
Jake Lucas as John Darling, left, Taylor Louderman as Wendy Darling, Allison Williams as Peter Pan, and John Allyn as Michael Darling, right, from the NBC production set to broadcast live Thursday. (AP)
Some “Peter Pan” purists are upset that Thursday’s live performance of the children’s classic will feature a “reimagined” version of the character Tiger Lily.
Don’t count National Museum of the American Indian director Kevin Gover among them.
In a statement Wednesday, Gover, who is Pawnee, praised the network for updating the character, a Native American princess rescued by Peter Pan.
“The National Museum of the American Indian commends NBC for taking the initiative and reaching out to Native artists to consult on the production of Peter Pan to ultimately create a new version of Tiger Lily for this generation of Peter Pan fans,” Gover said. “Tiger Lily was an imaginary Indian – she was created decades ago for a storybook. Although a character, and a beloved one at that, she didn’t (and her song didn’t) represent the American Indians of the past nor today. This new interpretation of Tiger Lily is closer to our heritage, our culture and portrays a deeper sensitivity and helps diminish the many stereotypes surrounding Native Americans.”
In addition to updating the character, the producers have cut her original song, “Ugg-a-Wugg,” and replaced it with a new number, according to the New York Post . The new song, “True Blood Brothers,” was written by  Amanda Green, the daughter of Adolph Green, who along with Betty Comden crafted most of the show’s songs.
The live production starring Allison Williams as Peter and Christopher Walken as Hook airs on NBC at 8 p.m.
Peggy McGlone joined the Washington Post in 2014 as its local arts reporter. Prior to that, she covered the arts for The Star-Ledger in New Jersey for more than a decade.

At Raipur morgue  how they play politics with remains of CRPFdeadWritten by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Raipur |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:03 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 8:43 am
Politics took over mourning in Chhattisgarh a day after Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh placed wreaths on the coffins of 14 CRPF personnel killed in a Maoist ambush in Sukma.
Uniforms and boots of the dead CRPF personnel were found in a garbage dump of the Ambedkar Hospital in Raipur where autopsies were performed on Tuesday. These lay there for more than 24 hours and were spotted by relatives of hospital patients on Wednesday. They took photographs and sent them to journalists.
The Opposition Congress was quick to move in. A group led by Raipur party president Vikas Upadhyaya reached the hospital, raised slogans, collected the bloodstained belongings and took them to the state Congress headquarters for a “dignified cremation”. It didn’t matter to them that seizure of the property of a dead person without the consent of his or her family is treated as an offence, a theft under IPC.
As word spread, the police reached the Congress office but party leaders refused to part with the belongings. Later, a CRPF commandant showed up and the Congress leaders handed him the belongings.
State Congress chief Bhupesh Baghel said: “The Raman Singh government threw the uniforms of the deceased personnel in a garbage dump. We brought the belongings to ensure a proper cremation.”
But BJP’s Shivratan Sharma called the Congress act of whisking away the belongings “laashon ki rajniti (politics over bodies)”.
No one was ready to take the blame for the uniforms in the garbage dump.
Ambedkar Hospital superintendent Dr Vivek Chaudhary told The Indian Express: “It is the duty of the attendants of the deceased to collect their belongings but no officer from the CRPF was present during the post-mortem yesterday. In fact, no one came to collect the belongings until this morning.”
“We kept the uniforms and other material in the mortuary. The sweepers who came in this morning to clean the mortuary threw them outside. It was the responsibility of the CRPF,” Chaudhary said.
The CRPF, in turn, said the police and hospital staff should have taken care of the belongings.
“When a postmortem is done, doctors are required to keep a packet of all belongings. These are later handed over to police which include these in properties related to the case. When we learnt that some civilians had taken away the belongings, we sent an officer to coordinate with police to ensure the release of the material. It is unfortunate that the procedure was not followed properly,” H S Siddhu, IG, CRPF, said.
Former Chhattisgarh DGP Vishwaranjan called the act a “great dishonour”: “The uniform is the most prized possession of a policeman. Throwing it away is a great dishonour. Either these belongings should be kept in a museum of the security force as a mark of their commitment to the cause, or given to the family with respect.”
But Siddhu said belongings like uniforms and boots of dead personnel are never given to their families. “Their personal effects are sent home. But what they were wearing at the time of the incident becomes case property,” he said.
On Tuesday evening, a relative of a patient also shot a video of a dog entering the mortuary and nibbling away at what seemed to be body parts on the floor. Confirming that a dog did enter the mortuary, hospital superintendent Chaudhary said: “A dog entered the mortuary through its channel gate but the visceras were not of the personnel. Those have been kept safely. These were some other remnants.”
Doctors said no post-mortem examination was conducted in the hospital after the autopsies of the CRPF personnel.

Centre likely to stick to itsstandWritten by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:00 am
The Ministry of Human Resource Development is likely to stick to its decision of scrapping German as a third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas with immediate effect, even as the Supreme Court had last week suggested it against bringing any change in the middle of the current academic session.
The Ministry is in middle of the controversy since it decided to replace German with Sanskrit as a third language in KVs barely three months before the session ends. Hearing the matter last week, the apex court had asked the Centre not to “punish the students for its mistake” and to consider teaching German as third language till end of the session. The SC had given the Centre a week’s time to consider its suggestion. In its response to the Supreme Court, sources said, the Ministry on Friday would likely reiterate its stance.
The HRD Ministry would argue that teaching German as a third language and the MoU signed between Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan and Goethe Institute-Max Mueller Bhawan in 2011 violate the National Policy on Education and the Three Language Formula.
The MoU lapsed in September this year after the Centre refused to renew it since the government believed the agreement was “illegal”.
The sources also said the Centre would explain to the court it plans to ensure a smooth mid-session transition so as not to cause much hardship to around 70,000 KV students between Classes VI and VII who have opted for German.
The Ministry has already announced that affected students would be allowed to pick any modern Indian language as the third language. However, Sanskrit would be the mandatory third language for the fresh Class VI batch.
The controversy erupted when the Board of Governors of Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS), headed by HRD Minister Smriti Irani, in its meeting on October 27 decided that “teaching of German language as an option to Sanskrit will be discontinued forthwith”. German has been kept as an additional subject/hobby class for students.
As per the Three Language Formula, schools should teach Hindi, English and one modern Indian language to students, preferably one of the southern languages in the Hindi speaking states and Hindi, English and the regional language in the non-Hindi speaking states.

NYC Officials on Decision Not to Indict NYPD Officer in Choke Hold DeathHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"SOON: VP Biden Delivers Remarks at National Menorah...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/WhiteHouse_GoStream_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"SOON: VP Biden Delivers Remarks at National Menorah Lighting","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/WhiteHouse_GoStream_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14476486,"hedshort":"Coming Up: Live Report - Body Found in Search for...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Coming Up: Live Report - Body Found in Search for Pennsylvania Shooting Suspect","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"Coming Up: Pennsylvania Officials Give Update on...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Coming Up: Pennsylvania Officials Give Update on Body Found in Hunt for Shooting Suspect","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Retail interest drives Mid and Smallcap indices to new highsRetail interest drives Mid and Smallcap indices to new highs
RBI to bring out guidelines on e-tailRBI to bring out guidelines on e-tail
Use this correction the market to accumulate all kinds of fallen jewel...Platinum Member
714 Followers
Finally RBI policy out and no change at all in lending rates....and market corrected. will correct more...The current valuations are not as enticing as they were three-four months ago.Remember that markets never move in a straight line ., sop lets not be worried of an impending sell off. But look to accumulate good quality stocks and that have decent track records, professional management and fair valuations , and most important a sustainable business...... Now onwards keep an eye on parliament winter session starting from 24 nov- -Land acquisition bill, insurance bill , GST - all these pending bills will be taken up , this yrs FII inflow $15 billion , last yr $20 billion, . and and this month weak rollover of FII position in equity derivatives points to weakness ahead. ....so.....so.........plan your trade...........so remain committed. be positive. i am confident all the stocks that i regularly suggest give more than 10-20-30-40 percent return since every 1-2-4-6- months....what else do i want....look at TRF ...i have been suggesting to accumulate when one month back was trading below 300.............NOW shot up to 418 levels......fantastic......this is the sure shot returns that we all want....share knowledge and .....grow together.....thats the mantra....also look at dolphin off......one month back 155......now shot up to 191......fantastic.....look at ISGEC....one month ....two months....three months back ....it was 2750 levels.......and have been suggesting to buy.......now 4200 levels......fantastic....Marico Kaya @ 525 levels ........now shot up to 835 ......I had suggested to buy Themis two months ago when it was around 115-120 levels.....now shot up to 156 ...Dolphin Off at 151 levels......now shot up to 223 ....will go to 450... in one year....Wockhardt from 625 levels since last 2 months ....now jumped to 935.....surely this stock will reach new highs....perhaps ....1400 to 1800 by March 2015........Triton Valves @ 735 ....now 1145 , Jindal saw @ 75 .........now 106.......i can go on...and on.....the list is long.....in fact YOU can check all my postings ....going back wards..........you will know what i am talking.......SO keep sharing knowledge....................in this blog........and let everyone benefit......and grow...........goodluck and godbless................NOW........NOW is suggest that you accumulate the foll::::::::: canara bank , tata steel , Jindal saw, Marksans, Dolphin Off-must , B&A ltd , Ashapura Minin-Must , Morganite Cruc-must grab it in every fall, , MMTC , Ashapura Mining-must ,B&A Ltd - must buy , Empire Inds-must buy , BOI , Century text , MMTC , Jindal saw, Marksans, Om Metals - must , Delta Corp-must , Themis-must ., GRP , TRF , dolphin off, ISGEC , GRP Ltd...etc..............goodluck and godbless.
In reply to : conciuus message
8.41 PM Dec 2nd

Biswajit...whn do u think tech mah will hit 3000 or 3200 mark4 Followers
Reposted about 6 days 9 hrs 41 min 31 sec ago by deepa1950
mark my words. Being a normal & healthy person i think tml will touch 3000 within 31st march2015. But before that a correction of rs70 to 100 is very much possible within next 5 to 10 days. Take care

Debt restructuring is done by most of the companies having debts/loans...Platinum Member
257 Followers
I think i should learn from you.  I am a financial analyst so what you are saying is typically termed as Asset liability management in financial books.  This is not something taught in financial books so i guess you have given this term a new meaning.  Here is the definition from investopedia
Companies use debt restructuring to avoid default on existing debt or to take advantage of a lower interest rate.
A company will often issue callable bonds to allow them to readily restructure debt in the future. The existing debt is called and then replaced with new debt at a lower interest rate.  Companies can also restructure their debt by altering the terms and provisions of the existing debt issue
I think you should sue investopedia and all financial experts who have defined debt restructuring.
In reply to : batmanBale message
12.02 PM Dec 3rd

Once it cross 460 470 range we will see sharp up move once again... ha...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Snap election is a calculated gamble© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/37779dec-7a0c-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Senior Sales Advisor  Cash ManagementVery Attractive salary plus discretionary bonus
Further information
Introduction:
DNB Bank ASA London Branch, headquarters for the CEMEA region, opened in 1971, and provides corporate clients with a broad range of financial services and products in areas such as shipping, offshore, logistics, corporate banking, telecom media technology and energy. In addition, the Branch has a Markets division which covers FX, treasury, equity sales and research. The number of employees in London, Athens, and Aberdeen currently stands at over 100 and continues to grow.
Position:
We are seeking an experienced individual with excellent knowledge of corporate cash management products and significant relationship management experience. A high degree of client facing experience and previous exposure to a sales environment is essential.
The successful candidate will be of graduate calibre with excellent communication and presentation skills, complemented by solid knowledge of a range of commercial banking products, with emphasis on cash management.
The role will have the added focus on cash management and be responsible for sales, advisory services and the implementation of domestic products and services for the Bank's international corporate customers.
The successful candidate will have his/her own inbound customers portfolio as part of the International Desk. The International Desk Department’s main markets are Norwegian subsidiaries in UK and Norwegian exporters and importers who are doing business with companies in the UK. The candidate will also have responsibility for generating value for customers and the bank. This role requires extensive co-operation with other employees and units across the DNB Group. 
Key requirements:
Educated to degree level with a business, finance, economics degree
Solid relevant corporate cash management products and significant relationship management experience
Cash management product competence including sterling or foreign currency current accounts, payment and cash management services,  electronic domestic and international payments, electronic banking, Multi-Currency Cross Border Cash Pooling System etc.
A good understanding of additional corporate banking products to include trade finance, FX, is highly desirable.
Strong team player with the ability to work on their own initiative, build relationships and share competence
Good analytical and credit skills would be a plus. 
Develop and maintain relationships with DNB colleagues in other geographical units and product areas in order to foster cross border dialogue and information sharing
Good oral and written communication skills, good command of the English language
Job description:
Initiate, maintain and execute relationship development activities
Manage the existing international desk portfolio and participate in the growth and acquisition of new customers
Sales and implementation of local and international cash management customer solutions, responsible for goal achievement of own portfolio
Act as a discussion partner for customers for transaction banking products
Participate in global customer cash management teams and projects
A qualified candidate will demonstrate a desire and capacity to develop his or herself professionally and be flexible, proactive, willing to travel and have the ability to work independently.
Strachan Associates

Black Friday Car Sales Explode in Popularityblack friday car sales explode in popularity
Mogul Harold Hamm Loses $10 Billion From Oil Shockmogul harold hamm loses $10 billion from oil shock
The Netherlands  luminous highwayIn the Netherlands, luminous lines guide drivers
Ken Wysocky
About the author
Ken is a freelance writer and editor who resides in suburban Milwaukee, Wisconsin. A former newspaper reporter and magazine editor, Ken has more than 25 years of editorial and communications experience.
Read more about these links.
Glowing lines along the N329 "Road of the Future" in Oss, the Netherlands. (Daan Roosegaarde and Heijmans Infrastructure)
Everything is smarter these days, from smart phones and smart watches to smart appliances and smart homes. Up next: Smart highways. And if Daan Roosegaarde has his way, they’ll be as beautiful as they are brainy.
Related
Meet the sustainable city car
As conceived by the founder of Studio Roosegaarde in the Netherlands, “smart” in this case means replacing unsightly, energy-sucking electric lights with soothing, glow-in-the-dark lines that define the edges of a roadway. A gel-like, photo-luminescent coating – think glow-in-the-dark paint on steroids – creates the ethereal-looking lines, which get “charged” by sunlight and can glow for up to 10 hours. On cloudy days, solar panels supply the charging power.
Roosegaarde is an artist/designer and self-proclaimed techno-poet who was recently named one of the five most influential “green” leaders in the Netherlands by a leading Dutch newspaper. His mission: to change our auto-centric landscapes for the better, both visually and environmentally.
“Whenever we talk about innovation and mobility, it’s weird how we focus on cars, while roads are somehow pushed away in a corner,” Roosegaarde notes. “But the infrastructure you and I use actually dominates the landscape much, much more. If cars are getting smarter, roads should as well. It’s all about safety and energy-neutral lighting.”
Glowing lines along the N329 "Road of the Future" in Oss, the Netherlands. (Daan Roosegaarde and Heijmans Infrastructure)
In terms of energy consumption and expenses, road lighting is no small matter. In Britain, a report compiled by the Campaign to Protect Rural England (CPRE) estimates that street lighting in England alone costs councils about £616m ($967m) per year. Moreover, it also accounts for almost one-third of the country’s carbon emissions.
In the United States, the US Energy Information Administration estimates that the commercial sector – which includes street and highway lighting – used a whopping 274bn kilowatt-hours of power in 2012. While the agency doesn’t break down specifically how much of that is consumed by public street and highway lighting, the amount would not be insignificant.
Moreover, cities around the globe are resorting to either dimming lights, using smart lights that only go on when needed or turning off lighting completely at nightfall to save money and reduce carbon emissions from electricity plants.
Glowing lines along the N329 "Road of the Future" in Oss, the Netherlands. (Daan Roosegaarde and Heijmans Infrastructure)
The glowing lines concept is currently undergoing a test run on 15,000 feet (1,452m) of Highway N329 by Oss, some 60 miles southwest of Amsterdam. Built in conjunction with European construction giant Heijmans, it is one of several smart-highway-related concepts imagined by Roosegaarde, including:
temperature-responsive road paints that alert drivers to icy conditions by changing colour
interactive lights that turn on when cars approach and dim after they pass
“wind lights” powered by small pinwheels generators spun by the draft of passing vehicles
priority driving lanes with underlying induction coils that recharge electric cars as they drive
Another Roosegaarde innovation – the Van Gogh bike path – debuted recently in Eindhoven, where Vincent van Gogh lived from 1883 to 1885. Inspired by the painter's The Starry Night and built by Heijmans, the path – which connects Van Gogh heritage sites – uses sunlight-charged paints to create a twinkling, glow-in-the-dark pattern for night illumination.
The Van Gogh-Roosegaarde bicycle path in Nuenen, Holland. (Daan Roosegaarde and Heijmans Infrastructure)
Roosegaarde stresses that the glowing lines material is a coating, not a paint; it took over a year to engineer it. Thanks to optical sleight of hand, the roadway illuminator looks like one line from a distance. But a closer look reveals that it’s actually three different lines created by cutting shallow channels into a road, then filling them with the luminescent gel, Roosegaarde explains.
“We played with three lines because we wanted to build up volume, while at the same time using as little material as possible,” he explains.
Are the lines bright enough? Roosegaarde assures that they are. In fact, he contends that in foggy conditions, the lines are safer than electric lights located high atop poles. “The light is where it needs to be – on the bloody road, not 8m high,” he says.
Roosegaarde declined to detail how much glowing lines cost per mile, but he notes that they are easier to install than light poles, not to mention more attractive. He also claims that as the concept gains adoption, the cost per mile will diminish, just like with most new technologies.
Glowing lines along the N329 "Road of the Future" in Oss, the Netherlands. (Daan Roosegaarde and Heijmans Infrastructure)
“In the coming three to five years, the cost will come down and it will be competitive with street lighting,” he says. "It’s something for the future, but at the same time, it’s in the now."
Roosegaarde says the Dutch government has commissioned him to implement a glowing lines installation on the roadway atop the 32km (19-mile) Afsluitdijk, the iconic Netherlands dike that keeps the Wadden Sea, an arm of the North Sea, at bay. Officials from Canada to the Middle East also have expressed interest in the technology, he says.
“My personal dream is to give [US] Route 66 an update,” he adds.
Why the intense focus on roads? Roosegaarde – who describes himself as a “hippie with a business plan” – cannot explain it. “I have no idea how my brain works,” he quips. But he is fascinated by the places where technology, people and public space converge, and if he can illuminate such intersections, all the better.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Toru Hanai / Reuterstoru hanai / reuters
SAFIN HAMED / AFP-Getty Images filesafin hamed / afp-getty images file
These 500 000-year-old shell markings may be the worlds first doodleBy Rachel Feltman December 3 Follow @rachelfeltman
The shell's etching. Is it art? (Wim Lustenhouwer/VU University Amsterdam)
It's possible that a clam shell scratched by Homo erectus — an early hominid — might be our oldest-ever example of artistic work. Or just a thoughtless doodle.
The shell, which was found in Indonesia in the 1890s, is described in a paper published Wednesday in Nature . While studying these shells, some of which featured marks from tool use, Leiden University biologist Josephine Joordens  and her colleagues noticed a faint zigzag pattern on one of them — only visible from a certain angle.
But although the markings are faint, the researchers believe they were put in the shell intentionally.
The carvings, they report, resemble geometric engravings made intentionally in South Africa some 400,000 years later. They believe that their "artist" worked carefully and deliberately at the shell, in contrast to those that had clearly been worked at to get to the food inside.
The faint lines were ignored for over a century. (Wim Lustenhouwer/VU University Amsterdam)
"We've looked at all possibilities, but in the end we are really certain that this must have been made by an agent who did a very deliberate action with a very sharp implement,” Joordans told Nature magazine . When her team worked to replicate the action, they found it extremely difficult to create the long, uninterrupted grooves, which would have appeared as striking white against the background of the shell's brown coating.
Given the age of the shell and its location, the etcher must have been Homo erectus. That would be pretty surprising, since scientists didn't think that abstract art emerged before our own species' evolution until very recently. A few months ago, researchers reported evidence of an engraved pattern made by Neanderthals — but Homo erectus came even earlier.
It seems likely that the markings were deliberate, but whether or not we should count them as "art" is another debate entirely. It's possible that the markings were absent-minded doodling , without any artistic intention behind them. Unfortunately, we don't have any way of guessing the intention of the individual who made these squiggles, so the question of whether these early hominids were capable of abstract thought remains unanswered.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

The case for interviewing accused rapistsBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 3 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Rector George Martin, center left, speaks alongside University President Teresa Sullivan, right, during a board of visitors meeting about sexual assault at the University of Virginia on Tuesday, Nov. 25, 2014 in Charlottsville, Va. The meeting comes after Rolling Stone published an article describing a woman’s account of a brutal gang rape, and what the magazine called a hidden culture of sexual violence at the school. (AP Photo/The Daily Progress, Ryan M. Kelly)
When Rolling Stone published its account of an alleged gang rape at a University of Virginia fraternity on November 19 , Sabrina Rubin Erdely’s narrative of the ordeals a student named Jackie suffered lent fuel to an already-charged debate about the safety of female students on college campuses. As would be expected for a piece that made such a strong impact (the university suspended all fraternity activity on campus and galvanized a national debate) the story has come under scrutiny, particularly because it does not include comment, or even a “No comment,” from Jackie’s accused attackers.
Washington Post media reporter Paul Farhi dug into the magazine’s multiple explanations for that decision . Editor Sean Woods told Farhi that “We could not reach them.”
My colleague Erik Wemple writes , “If they were being cited in the story for mere drunkenness, boorish frat-boy behavior or similar collegiate misdemeanors, then there’d be no harm in failing to secure their input. The charge in this piece, however, is gang rape, and so requires every possible step to reach out and interview them, including e-mails, phone calls, certified letters, FedEx letters, UPS letters and, if all of that fails, a knock on the door. No effort short of all that qualifies as journalism.”
Some readers have interpreted these pieces as calls to give Jackie’s alleged attackers opportunities to defend themselves (certainly that’s what some critics of the Rolling Stone article want ) that they don’t deserve, or an attempt to undermine the testimony of a survivor. Given how hard advocates have had to fight to win victims the presumption of credibility, I understand how frustrating it might seem to hear, yet again, that a woman’s account of her own experience does not seem to be enough to convince listeners.
But reaching out to the accused in these cases isn’t a matter of false equivalence. And reporting the words of an accused rapist–or any other person who is reported of wrongdoing or ugly behavior–is not the same thing as endorsing them. In fact, it can mean quite the opposite. In this and many other cases, advocates might do well to consider that their arguments might come across as stronger in pieces that quote their opponents, even at length, and that provide readers with perspectives on the worldviews that might convince someone that it is acceptable to penetrate someone who has been incapacitated or is saying no.
Take Scott Simon’s decision to ask Bill Cosby about the sexual assault allegations against him, which have only multiplied in the weeks since. It may not have been strictly necessary for Simon to put the question to Cosby, given the sheer number of accusations: the volume and consistency of the accounts were convincing enough for many people. But the sound of Cosby’s silence, not once, not twice, but in response to three questions was powerful.
Denials and non-answers can be revealing rather than automatically exculpatory. Cosby’s refusal to respond to Simon’s questions did not make those questions go away, just as a statement from Cosby’s lawyer, Martin Singer , that “These brand new claims about alleged decades-old events are becoming increasingly ridiculous” does not automatically render the testimony of women who say that Cosby attacked them implausible. Instead, it is a revealing dispatch from inside the Cosby camp, an illustration of the worldview that prevails there.
We don’t have to imagine how Cosby and his representatives see the world when they can speak in their own words, or refuse to speak at all.
Telling us more about the men who are accused of raping Jackie could have bolstered Rolling Stone’s argument about the environment at the University of Virginia. What were their positions in the fraternity hierarchy? What about in other elements of campus life? Do they have high-powered lawyers issuing no-comments for them? Were they close to important professors or administrators?
One of Erdely’s sources, a woman named Stacy who was also attacked at UVA, “insisted upon moving forward anyway, even when the wealthy family of the accused kicked up a fuss,” Erdley writes. “’They threatened to sue deans individually, they threatened to sue me,’ she recalls.” Knowing what resources Jackie’s alleged attackers had at their disposal could help flesh out the kinds of social and academic consequences she feared if she pursued disciplinary or legal action against Drew, her date on the night she was attacked. Simply for becoming active in campus activism, Jackie was harassed and hit with a bottle. Did she think she faced worse treatment if she pursued a case?
Talking to the men Jackie accused would have introduced another account into the story. But it also would have provided unique and unnerving insight into a culture that apparently convinced some of Jackie’s friends and fellow students that access to fraternity parties was more important than justice.
 

Puma Biotechnology  Cliffs Are Big Market MoversIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Govt to throw away 5% stake in SAIL on FridayGovt to throw away 5% stake in SAIL on Friday
Petronas delays go-ahead for Canadian LNG projectPetronas delays go-ahead for Canadian LNG project
The number to watch Thursdaythe number to watch thursday
An upbeat end to a turbulent year for conservative state legislature groupBy Tom Hamburger December 3 Follow @thamburger
This week's annual meeting of the American Legislative Exchange Council comes at the tail end of a year that was one of the group’s worst – and one of its best.
Early in 2014, ALEC lost some of its most esteemed corporate partners - including  leading tech companies Google, Microsoft, Yahoo and Facebook - who decided not to renew their memberships following complaints that the organization questioned climate science.
But then came Election Day in November, which delivered massive gains for Republican state legislators backed by the group and left a record number of state legislative chambers in GOP hands.
Thus ALEC is ending the year with upticks in the number of corporate members and in interest from state legislators. The group's incoming chair, State  Rep. Phil King (R) of Texas, said the winter meeting in Washington has drawn the third highest attendance numbers in ALEC's history, including 43 newly elected state lawmakers.
A Tuesday night Capitol Hill dinner for donors, legislators and corporate friends included a formal salute to "partnership" offered by a state issues adviser to Altria , the tobacco and food conglomerate that now owns well-known wineries on the West Coast.
At the dinner, one Washington tech lobbyist,  Steve DelBianco, lamented the recent departure of Google and other tech firms from ALEC - and predicted the companies would return.
DelBianco, executive director of NetChoice, a Washington-based trade association, said leading tech firms fled ALEC because of unrelenting pressure from media and shareholder groups. Google executive Eric Schmidt announced his company's withdrawal in a live radio discussion with a caller to the Diane Rehm show.  Employers are very practical, DelBianco said.
"With two thirds of state legislatures in Republican hands, the case for being present at ALEC is self evident," DelBianco said.
ALEC operated outside of the public eye for most of its 41 years. It came under scrutiny from labor and other left-leaning interest groups who began to note the organization's success in passing "model" bills in labor, environmental, criminal and election law. Several years ago, Common Cause and the Wisconsin-based Center for Media and Democracy revealed internal ALEC documents showing the role played by specific companies and interest groups such as the National Rifle Association.
ALEC became the subject of national headlines after the February 2012 shooting in Florida of an unarmed teenager, Trayvon Martin. The "stand your ground" laws used as a  defense by the man charged with the shooting had  become a  model ALEC bill after it passed the Florida legislature at the behest of gun-rights advocates. The shooting led to the first round of corporate defections from ALEC.
The organization now focuses on economics and education rather than issues like crime, Nelson said. The once-secretive group is also inviting reporters to previously closed meetings, including Tuesday's dinner with donors.
A look at the ALEC meeting agenda suggestse an  increased focus on model bills aimed at blocking proposed federal rules limiting carbon and other emissions from power plants. The group is also considering proposals to limit EPA enforcement of water rules and to promote greater flexibility in deepwater oil and gas drilling and in the enforcement of the Endangered Species Act. Attendees will also discuss whether to rein in state subsidy programs for renewable energy.
On Thursday, a Washington public relations executive presents a session entitled "Big Green Radicals." That's the title of a public relations campaign organized by Berman & Co., a Washington lobbying firm seeking undermine the credibility of major environmental groups.
A coalition of environmental, civil rights and labor groups distributed a letter this week urging legislators in all 50 states to avoid the organization. "ALEC is a polluter-funded group that increasingly tries to obscure the purposes and impact of the legislation it is peddling," said the letter, signed by 100 groups around the country including national organizations like the Natural Resources Defense Council , the League of Conservation Voters and the Union of Concerned Scientists.
Tom Hamburger covers the intersection of money and politics for The Washington Post.

Rules for online payments on wayRules for online payments on way
Oppn brings House to halt again as PM heads to Rajya SabhaOppn brings House to halt again as PM heads to Rajya Sabha
IoT boom signals possible network capacity overload: IDCIoT boom signals possible network capacity overload: IDC
RBI doubles limit of prepaid instruments to Rs 1 lakhRBI doubles limit of prepaid instruments to Rs 1 lakh
Global markets:----asian markets finished mixed as of the most recent ...Platinum Member
486 Followers
GLOBAL MARKETS:----Asian markets finished mixed as of the most recent closing prices. The Shanghai Composite gained 0.57% and the Nikkei 225 rose 0.32%. The Hang Seng lost 0.96%.
4.54 AM Dec 4th  | Track

Globasian markets finished mixed as of the most recent closing prices....Platinum Member
486 Followers
GLOBAsian markets finished mixed as of the most recent closing prices. The Shanghai Composite gained 0.57% and the Nikkei 225 rose 0.32%. The Hang Seng lost 0.96%.AL MARKETS:-----
4.52 AM Dec 4th  | Track

Global markets:---- european markets finished mixed as of the most re...Platinum Member
486 Followers
GLOBAL MARKETS:----  European markets finished mixed as of the most recent closing prices. The DAX gained 0.38% and the CAC 40 rose 0.08%. The FTSE 100 lost 0.38%.
4.49 AM Dec 4th  | Track

Finally rbi policy out and no change at all in lending rates....and ma...Platinum Member
714 Followers
Finally RBI policy out and no change at all in lending rates....and market corrected. will correct more...The current valuations are not as enticing as they were three-four months ago.Remember that markets never move in a straight line ., sop lets not be worried of an impending sell off. But look to accumulate good quality stocks and that have decent track records, professional management and fair valuations , and most important a sustainable business...... Now onwards keep an eye on parliament winter session starting from 24 nov- -Land acquisition bill, insurance bill , GST - all these pending bills will be taken up , this yrs FII inflow $15 billion , last yr $20 billion, . and and this month weak rollover of FII position in equity derivatives points to weakness ahead. ....so.....so.........plan your trade...........so remain committed. be positive. i am confident all the stocks that i regularly suggest give more than 10-20-30-40 percent return since every 1-2-4-6- months....what else do i want....look at TRF ...i have been suggesting to accumulate when one month back was trading below 300.............NOW shot up to 418 levels......fantastic......this is the sure shot returns that we all want....share knowledge and .....grow together.....thats the mantra....also look at dolphin off......one month back 155......now shot up to 191......fantastic.....look at ISGEC....one month ....two months....three months back ....it was 2750 levels.......and have been suggesting to buy.......now 4200 levels......fantastic....Marico Kaya @ 525 levels ........now shot up to 870 ......I had suggested to buy Themis two months ago when it was around 115-120 levels.....now shot up to 188... ...Dolphin Off at 151 levels......now shot up to 223 ....will go to 450... in one year....Wockhardt from 625 levels since last 2 months ....now jumped to 970.50.........surely this stock will reach new highs....perhaps ....1400 to 1800 by March 2015........Triton Valves @ 735 ....now 1145 , Jindal saw @ 75 .........now 111.......i can go on...and on.....the list is long.....in fact YOU can check all my postings ....going back wards..........you will know what i am talking.......SO keep sharing knowledge....................in this blog........and let everyone benefit......and grow...........goodluck and godbless................NOW........NOW is suggest that you accumulate the foll::::::::: canara bank , tata steel , Jindal saw-Must buy , Marksans, Dolphin Off-must , Ashapura Minin-Must , Morganite Cruc-must grab it in every fall, , MMTC , Ashapura Mining-must ,B&A Ltd - must buy , Empire Inds-must buy , BOI , Century text , MMTC , Marksans, Om Metals - must , Delta Corp-must , Themis-must ., GRP , TRF , ISGEC , GRP Ltd...etc..............goodluck and godbless.
In reply to : sreya-a message
4.46 AM Dec 4th

More equity for banks in recast loansIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
The RBI on Tuesday said banks may be able to own a larger stake in companies whose loans were being restructured; currently they can take a 10% stake. Governor Raghuram Rajan said the idea was to give banks flexibility and help put projects back on track. “The key is to see that banks don’t overpay for the shares and we are in discussions with Sebi to see how that can be achieved,” Rajan said. PK Malhotra, DMD, State Bank of India, told FE the Sebi formula resulted in banks buying equity at a much higher price than the ruling market price. “The idea is a sound one provided the conversion of debt into equity takes place at a reasonable price,” Malhotra said, adding that it would make the project more viable.
 
Existing infra projects to get 5/25 benefits
The RBI plans to allow banks to use the 5/25 norms for infra loans, now available only to fresh projects, for existing projects. The rule allows banks to refinance a project every five years on new terms without the asset being classified as restructured. The idea is to allow firms to repay loans over a longer period, reducing stress. As such, the repayment tenure should be better aligned with the period when cash flows are generated. Rajan said there was substantial financial stress in some sectors and that the central bank has been taking a holistic view instead of a sector by sector approach keeping in mind the need for a financial restructuring while limiting the extent of forbearance.
In July, the central bank had said in a notification banks could give loans to new infra projects for a 25-year period and refinance them every every five years provided these projects do not become a non-performing asset. These loans would not be classified as a restructured asset — which attracts a higher provisioning — but would be categorised as standard.
TAGS: Arundhati Bhattacharya Raghuram Rajan Reserve Bank Of India
More from bankingampfinance

Solar power may compete with coal-generated power soonPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Solar power will become an attractive option for consumers to buy after five years due to reduction in prices provided the government offers adequate fiscal incentives and streamlines policies relating to the the electricity market, says Tobias F Engelmeier, managing director, Bridge to India, a consultancy that  provides market intelligence and other services to solar sector companies.
Since the launch of the national solar mission in 2010, generation costs for solar projects have fallen 60% to 6.5-7 a unit.
If this rate of price drop continues, solar power may soon compete with coal-generated power, which costs R5-6 a unit.
Encouraged by the dramatic fall in solar generation costs,  the Centre has scaled up its initial solar generation target of 20 GW by 2022 to 100 GW, prompting global players to raise their bets on the Indian solar market. As of now, India has installed 3,000 MW solar generation capacity.
Of the 100 gw capacity addition envisaged by 2022, first 60 gw will be added through large-sized projects, of 200-1,000 MW each, over the next five years. After that, 40 GW capacity will be added with the help of smaller ( in kilowatt size), distribution generation projects.
Engelmeier told FE: “While the large projects, which are expected to help in reducing generation costs for the industry, will  need fiscal incentives, electricity from smaller projects that are envisaged to come later will be competitive in the market without any subsidy.”
According to him,  land acquisition  transmission  and financing  are the three key problematic areas for the solar power sector where the government needs to look into.
Engelmeier said that the government’s decision of not imposing dumping duty on solar equipment has added to the positive sentiments.
More from miscellaneous

Foreign firms lap up more patents than Indian cosIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
The US and the Big Pharma have long flayed India’s patenting regime — saying it is not liberal enough to reward innovators — but the data on grant of these exclusive rights by Indian authorities over the past decade hardly bear this out.
Of a total of 62,613 patents granted from January 1, 2005 to October 10, 2014, in as many as 20 sectors ranging from agriculture-engineering to textiles, 51,532 patents went to foreign entities against just 11,081 to Indian ones. (see table)
This information came in handy for India during talks with US trade representative Michael Froman, who visited the country recently. During the November 24-25 India-US Trade Policy Forum meetings, US had raised the issue of ‘difficulties’ in getting patents in India and the ‘large’ number of patents revoked, especially in the pharma sector, official sources told FE.
India has countered this with the decade’s data. The revoked patents formed a minuscule percentage compared to what was granted, the data showed.
During the period under review, only 38 patents were revoked by the patent office or the Centre (of which 20 were of foreign entities and 18 of Indians), while just 29 (19 were of foreign entities and 10 of Indians) were revoked by Intellectual Property Appellate Board (IPAB) or high courts.
In the pharma sector, which is at the centre of the controversy, out of a total of 4,614 patents that were granted during the period under review, an overwhelming 3,575 patents went to foreign entities, while Indian entities could get only 1,039 patents.
The pharma sector also saw 15 patents of foreign entities being revoked by the patent office or the Centre and two patents being revoked by IPAB or high courts. As against this, only seven patents of Indian entities were revoked by the patent office or the Centre.
Washington has been pressing New Delhi to bolster intellectual property rights (IPR) in the pharmaceutical sector. The US is particularly worried about the “additional filter” of Section 3(d) in India’s Patents Act regarding pharmaceutical patenting as per which, apart from novelty and inventive step, improvement in therapeutic efficacy is also a criteria for patenting, when it comes to incremental inventions. The US also  wants to avoid “unfair commercial use” of R&D data made available by US companies to Indian regulators.
India is keen to ensure America’s support for its Make in India campaign and therefore has started a review of its IPR policy to give confidence to US investors.
In its April 30 Special 301 report (an annual review of the global state of IPR protection and enforcement), the US had classified India as a ‘priority watch list country’ after finding that India’s IPR protection and enforcement environment had “deteriorated”.
TAGS: Big Pharma Patents
More from economy

Trai likely to finalise recommendations on 3G spectrum base price by Dec 22Icra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
With less than three months to go for 2G and 3G airwaves’ auction, the department of telecommunications (DoT) has asked telecom regulator Trai to expedite finalising the base price for 2100 MHz band of 3G spectrum.
The DoT plans to auction 3G airwaves (2100 MHz) along with 900 and 1800 MHz band of 2G spectrum together in the upcoming auction. The auctions will be conducted after taking into account the base prices recommended by the regulator.
The government is estimated to garner at least R9,355 crore from the sale of airwaves.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) on Tuesday invited comments and inputs on the consultation paper on ‘Valuation and Reserve Price of Spectrum: 2100 MHz’ by December 15 and counter-comments on December 19.
Trai hopes to finalise base price by December 22 after having an open house on the same day. The Notice Inviting Application (NIA) as per suggested time line will be issued on December 26 followed by the auction that is proposed to begin from February 23 next year.
“The DoT requested Trai to expedite the process for its recommendations on the reserve price of 2100 MHz band and related issues so that the auction of spectrum in this band could be conducted along with the auction of spectrum in the 800/900/1800 MHz bands scheduled in February 2015,” Trai said.
The government  is worried that it may not be able to achieve its revenue target unless additional spectrum in 2100 MHz band is sold. As per estimates, auction of spectrum in 2100 MHz band in February can fetch bids worth R5,000 crore.
Trai said DoT is in talks with the defence ministry for the vacation of the 3G band and has spelled out three possible scenarios. First, in case if defence refuses to release 3G airwaves, then auction cannot be conducted in this band. Secondly, if the defence releases 5 MHz in 17 circles, in that case one block of 5 MHz spectrum will be available for auction in 17 circles.
Also the the defence ministry could agree to swap 2100 MHz spectrum (3G) with 1900 MHz (2G). In that case, in addition to 5 MHz spectrum in 17 circles, it may release 15 MHz on pan-India basis by swapping 2100 MHz spectrum with 1900 MHz, Trai said.
Telecom companies as well as the telecom regulator have been of the view that the auction should take place only when adequate spectrum is made available, and the bidding should be held simultaneously for both 2G and 3G services.
In 2010, the defence ministry had released 20 MHz out of 25 MHz in 2100 MHz band and allocated to DoT under the agreement with defence on a pan-India basis and one more block of 5 MHz in 5 circles, which was auctioned in 2010.
Under the agreement with DoT, the remaining spectrum is to be vacated only after the alternate communication network is completed.
TAGS: Spectrum Auctions TRAI
More from economy

United Bank identifies UBHL wilful defaulterPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
UB Group chairman Vijay Mallya is in further trouble as state-run United Bank of India on Tuesday identified United Breweries Holdings (UBHL), the guarantor of now-grounded Kingfisher Airlines, a wilful defaulter.
“Our bank has identified United Breweries Holdings a wilful defaulter. The company has the surplus available to repay the loan of Kingfisher Airlines as its guarantor, but it is not paying,” United Bank of India executive director Deepak Narang told FE.
Narang said as per the balance sheet of the financial year 2013-14, UBHL,the parent company of Mallya’s UB Group, had additional resources available and the company could have used it for paying loans given to the airline.
According to him, the present law permits a bank to take actions against a group company if it is a corporate guarantor of a firm tagged ‘wilful defaulter’ and doesn’t pay up when the original party defaults.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), in its Master Circular on Wilful Defaulters issued in 2012, said in cases where the guarantees furnished by the companies within the Group on behalf of the wilfully defaulting units are not honoured, when invoked by the banks / FIs, such Group companies should also be reckoned wilful defaulters.
Kolkata-based United Bank became the first lender in the country’s banking industry to declare UB Group chairman Mallya a wilful defaulter.
Cracking down on Kingfisher Airlines for non-payment of over R300-crore outstanding dues, the public sector bank had declared Mallya a “wilful defaulter” in September this year.
The now-grounded airline, however, secured a stay from the Calcutta High Court on the tag. The hearing on the matter is still on in the court and a final verdict is expected in the middle of this month.

Column: Having your gas and eating it tooMake in India needs a tax boost
On the face of things, as some newspapers highlighted last week, the CAG has a brand-new face, it is no longer combative, it is more appreciative of the ground reality. “Normally, the entire amount of US$ 427.03 million would be required to be disallowed for cost recovery”, begins the CAG statement which then goes on to say, “at this stage, keeping in mind the national interest and energy security, Audit recommends that MoPNG should accept sharing of exploration cost of only those of the above mentioned wells which resulted in commercial discovery and disallow the cost recovery of US$ 118.99 million already effected by the Operator on the remaining wells”.
But is the CAG looking at the broader picture or just being hypocritical? The point at issue here is that, according to the way the Directorate General of Hydrocarbons (DGH), the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas (MoPNG) and the CAG interpret the Production Sharing Contract (PSC), Reliance was not supposed to be exploring for more gas once a certain period in its contract had expired. Reliance, however, continued to drill since its interpretation of the PSC was that this was permissible. What the DGH is now saying is that since RIL found gas in one set of wells out of its ‘illegal’ drilling, let’s allow that expenditure—after all, the gains to the nation are far more since valuable gas has been found.
If that’s not hypocrisy, what is? Under the PSC all expenditure is to be reimbursed, not just expenditure that resulted in an oil/gas discovery.
What this means is that if the ‘illegal’ work had resulted in new discoveries, all of the expenditure would have been legitimate.
But why, is the question, was this expenditure illegal in the first place? That, in turn, leads us to the whole issue of whether Reliance’s other discoveries are legit and actually how the PSC is really being looked at in narrow accounting terms instead of as an instrument to increase the supplies of oil and gas in the country.
While most in the media have focused on the CAG objections to the amount of money Reliance spent, the real issue is of whether Reliance should even have been allowed to retain as much of the 7,645 square kilometers of area as it has—see the FE story by my colleague Siddhartha Saikia (goo.gl/hc4fbt) which explains all the points in an easy-to-read manner. If you take the D1/D3 recoverable gas as 2.9 tcf, this would suggest that around 40% of Reliance’s gas finds are in areas it should have relinquished several years ago. Going by this logic, this is the real Reliance scam, though the sensible question to ask here is whether someone else would have found the gas after Reliance had relinquished the area as per the provisions of the PSC. Since there is no certainty someone else would have—plus, the existing operator has first-hand knowledge of the geology—it makes sense to allow as much exploration as possible by the existing operator.
The CAG report chastises MoPNG and the DGH for not noticing this earlier. Under Articles 4.1 and 4.2 of the PSC, the CAG says, 25% of the original Contract Area (the 7,645 square kilometers) was to be given up. But Article 3.11 of the same PSC, which is what MoPNG used, allows the entire area to be retained under certain circumstances… indeed, so does the last sentence of 4.1 itself as well as Article 1.39 which details what a ‘discovery area’ is.
So is the PSC to be seen as an iron-clad accounting document or is there some flexibility to be given since the ultimate aim is to discover more oil/gas?
The issue of whether Reliance had the right to drill more wells for exploration is related to this. Under the conventional view of the PSC, a contractor gets a certain number of years to discover oil/gas. Once this is done, and an elaborate plan of action drawn up and approved by the DGH, the rest of the contract period is to be spent completing this. The problem with this, however, is that it is a static view of things. After drilling several wells and studying their data, or thanks to new technologies being available, a firm may feel there is more oil/gas to be found in areas explored earlier. This happened not just in the case of Reliance, but also in the case of Cairn India—the latter’s story is even sadder since, having found more oil after it went and did some more exploration, the government has not yet given it an extension of the contract to allow the oil to be taken out; the law ministry has opined that Cairn’s lease can be extended in return for the government hiking its stake in the JV!
While the obvious answer is to allow more flexibility, Reliance’s interpretation of the PSC is that Article 15.3 anyway allows it such continuous exploration, so the $427 million in costs was never illegal. Indeed, there is a larger issue here since, were the costs to be deemed illegal, someone can come along and question—as the CAG did in its 2011-12 report—the sanctity of the new finds.
There is also the interesting case of Allseas Marine Contractors where RIL has paid the company 200 million euros extra. Should this have been done? The CAG seems to believe the amount was not allowable while RIL’s view (read Siddhartha’s story) is that there were many unforeseen events. So, for instance, while the expected surface current was supposed to be in the range of 1-2.4 m/second—that is what historical weather data suggested—the actual currents went up to 3.2-4.1 m/second. As a result of this, and several other delays, Reliance wasn’t in a position to hand over the wells on time to Allseas. Since the contract demanded this, Allseas wanted to leave—in any case, some of its vessels were contracted to be redeployed, so Reliance brought its own vessels—but Reliance managed to get Allseas to stay on by paying it more. If, at this point, Reliance had gone by the book, and started to apportion blame, the work would have suffered and it is an open question as to whether the company could have recovered this from the other contractors working on the project.
This is where it is so important for the MoPNG—this applies to the defence ministry as well since its make-in-India projects will face a lot of such unforeseen delays—to begin looking at the entire process as one of collaboration and not just pure audit of a contract between two parties that are not on the same side. India’s oil security depends upon it.
sunil.jain@expressindia.com
TAGS: CAG Reliance
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

Editorial: Rates versus premiumIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan not cutting repo rates is disappointing given even the central bank’s monetary policy statement acknowledges a positive softening of the inflation outlook. And that’s not surprising given how global commodity prices have collapsed, how crop support price hikes have been kept to the minimum and how savage the compression in government expenditure has been. Despite this, as in the past, RBI has talked of how the ‘base effects’ will wear out by December, so it is the inflation numbers after that which need to be closely monitored before a rate-cut decision is taken. While FE’s position has been there were no base effects to talk of over the past few months, the larger point is that RBI’s inflation outlook has also changed quite dramatically. Just two months ago, RBI’s central tendency was an inflation of around 7.75% in March 2015; today, that central tendency is at 6%, suggesting even RBI doesn’t believe the ‘base effect’ is as large as it is made out to be. Two months ago, RBI was talking of the balance of risks to its objective—6% CPI inflation by January 2016—being ‘to the upside’, this time around the policy says the risks ‘appear evenly balanced’. In other words, with most variables already favourable—Rajan did say he was looking to see how the fiscal targets were met, though few doubt there will be a problem—it is unfortunate the central bank chose to remain as cautious as it has.
While defending RBI’s role in not being pro-growth, Rajan repeated the point made by him last week on the role of high NPAs on keeping effective interest rates high. While RBI could be held responsible for banks not cutting their base rates, he correctly argued, it was high NPAs that determined the risk premium levels banks were charging—as he put it in his speech ‘Saving Credit’, the average interest rate on loans to the power sector today is 13.7% even while the policy rate is 8%. While the Governor announced that he would soon be coming out with a policy on the 5/25 loans, another important policy will be reverting to the earlier position where banks are free to take a higher equity position in projects they restructure—while the current limit is 10%, the Governor said a higher limit was allowed earlier. The exact contours of how this equity is to be priced are being discussed with Sebi, and banks will obviously be free to not take equity positions at all. While Rajan said a higher equity position will allow banks to benefit from the upside should the restructuring work, the move is fraught with risk and needs to be rethought. If banks are not able to get errant promoters to fall in line with a 10% stake, there is no reason why they will be able to do this with a 15-20% stake—it is only at a 26% level that banks have some kind of veto power, but taking that much equity in a project opens up banks to other kind of risks and getting involved in the daily running of the project. The Governor’s larger point of how banks need to get more pro-active when it comes to recovering their loans—and the government needs to help out as well—is, of course, well-taken.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan Raghuram Rajan News Raghuram Rajan RBI RBI RBI News RBI Raghuram Rajan
More from bankingampfinance

Editorial: Going beyond the WTOIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
Indian negotiators are understandably chuffed about the victory at the WTO, with the US agreeing to support India’s position on food subsidies. So, from a situation where India was seen as the spoiler when it came to the first deal the WTO was going to achieve—on trade facilitation—in two decades, India was seen as the hero. Not only did it stand up for the rights of developing countries such as itself, it managed to convince the US of the morality of its stance. While that is a great victory, life moves on and India’s trade negotiators are now confronted with that reality. There are, at the moment, two big trade negotiations going on. The first is the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP)—related to the TPP is the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, or TTIP—and the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP). While India is not part of the TPP, the RCEP is a round of talks involving 16 countries which account for around 40% of global trade.
In neither of these trade rounds are standards going to be set by a multilateral body like the WTO; they are going to be based on mutual negotiations and any country that is not part of the negotiations has to opt out—it cannot, as in the WTO case, hold back negotiations for the rest. So, chances are, if India is to gain from the RCEP where China is the dominant player as the US is in the TPP, it will have to be prepared to make some major concessions in sectors that Indian negotiators have regarded as sensitive so far and have not been keen to open up. This could mean opening up certain sectors by cutting down on tariff barriers and, in the case of the TTIP, it could imply opening up new investment areas. All these negotiations are about, at the end of the day, creating global value chains and even if they are about trading, investments will flow in the same direction. And to deal with the implications of the trade/investment deals, India cannot afford to lose any more time in making its industry/services globally competitive.
TAGS: World Trade Organization
More from economy

Americans Watch Less TV  Stream More  Report ShowsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Pension funds trade yield for lower feesPension funds trade yield for lower fees at diversified buyout houses
Anne-Sylvaine Chassany
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c21823f8-7ae4-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pope Francis removes Swiss Guard commanderPope Francis gives Swiss Guard commander his marching orders
By Giulia Segreti and James Politi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4953e2a6-7b05-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sweden calls election as government failsMarch elections called in Sweden as government collapses
Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a7f309c-7abf-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stamp duty reform ends tax on aspiration© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48a5746e-7b0a-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Osborne takes Commons on a mission to Mars© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d2adb40-7af4-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1ymkncDTrucks, crossovers power Top 20 car sales in November
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 6:07 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
It's our monthly countdown of the to 20 best-selling vehicles. Here, for November, in 20th place, down from 19th, is Jeep Grand Cherokee 
(Photo: Chrysler)
In 19th place, emerging from off the chart last month, is Volkswagen's Jetta 
(Photo: Frederic J. Brown, AFP/Getty Images)
In 18th place, down from 16th, is Ford Explorer 
(Photo: Ford, Wieck)
In 17th place, unchanged despite a 66% sales gain over a year ago, is Jeep Cherokee 
(Photo: Jeep)
In 16th  place, up from 18th, is Hyundai Sonata 
(Photo: Hyundai)
In 15th place, unchanged from last month, is Chevrolet Equinox 
(Photo: Tom Drew)
In 14th place, down from 12th, is Ford Fusion, shown here as the hybrid 
(Photo: Ford)
In 13th place, unchanged, is Toyota RAV4 
(Photo: Toyota)
In 12th place, up from 14th, is GMC Sierra 
(Photo: Alan Vanderkaay)
In 11th place, unchanged, is Nissan Altima 
(Photo: Nissan)
In 10th place, having slipped from 9th, is Chevrolet Cruze 
(Photo: Chevrolet)
In 9th place, up from 10th, is Honda Civic 
(Photo: Honda, Wieck)
In 8th place, down from 6th, is Honda Accord 
(Photo: EVAN SEARS/Cars.com)
In 7th place, up from 8th, is Ford Escape 
(Photo: Ford, Wieck)
In 6th place, up from 7th, is Toyota Corolla 
(Photo: Toyota)
In 5th place, having fallen from 4th, is Toyota Camry 
(Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP)
In 4th place, up from 5th, is Honda CR-V 
(Photo: Honda, Wieck)
In 3rd place, unchanged, is Ram 
(Photo: John M.Discher)
In second place, where it usually can be found, is Chevrolet Silverado 
(Photo: Chevrolet)
Ford's F-150, now with a revolutionary aluminum body instead of steel, is, as always, No. 1 
(Photo: Ford)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
Jeep Cherokee saw tghe biggest sales increse of the month
(Photo: Jeep)
14 CONNECT 14 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Trucks and small crossovers continued to dominate the Top 20 best-selling vehicles for the month of November, just as they did the previous month, but some of the year-over-year sales increases were startling.
Detroit's Big 3 proved the power of the pickup truck for the month. Ford's F-150, furthering its decades-long reign as the nation's best-selling vehicle, came in first, but sales slipped 9.9% compared to the same month last year, according to Autodata.
The decline was expected, however, executives in Dearborn said, because Ford is just beginning to ramp up production of the redesigned 2015 F-150. The new aluminum-body truck is beginning to arrive at dealers.
The change, however, opened a window of opportunity for F-150s two main rivals -- and they took advantage of it. Chevrolet Silverado solidified its place at the nation's second best-selling vehicle with a 24.5% sales gain. Chrysler Group's Ram 1500 was third with a 21% sales gain.
Pickup-truck wars didn't end there. The corporate cousin of the Silverado, the GMC Sierra, saw an impressive 57% sales gain for the month -- highest of any vehicle in the Top 20 -- which was good enough for 12th place, up two places from October. And the two GM trucks taken together outsold the F-150.
GM and Chrysler execs must have been "salvating" at the chance to pounce on buyers who "who are either tired of waiting or afraid of the new technology" in the 2015 F-150, which also offers a new, small turbo engine, says Eric Lyman, vice president of industry insights for TrueCar.com.
After the three trucks, Honda's CR-V compact crossover moved up a notch to fourth place, passing the Toyota Camry,on the strength of an impressive 37.7% sales gain compared to a year ago. Honda recently refreshed the CR-V and more modern looks, an updated interior and new safety technology. Lyman said Honda is adept at managing sales of outgoing models at the same time it is bringing their replacements, and suspects that this might have factored in its sales increase.
Other compact crossover SUVs fared well in the monthly sales tally. Reflecting lower gas prices and a better economy, the Ford Escape moved up one place this month to seventh with a 21.6% year-over-year sales increase. Likewise, the Toyota RAV4 remained in 13th place with an 8.5% boost. But the big winner was Jeep Cherokee, again in 17th place but with a 66% sales increase from a year ago when the redesign was just going on sale..
Cherokee has excelled despite its love-it-or-hate-it styling. In fact, it's an advantage, according to Lyman. "It's because it looks different," he says.
Proof: He says strangers have been asking him about the Cherokee, which he has been test driving for TrueCar.com.
While small crossovers did well, the Top 20 results for midsize and compact cars were mixed. The Toyota Corolla compact moved up a notch to 6th place with a sales increase of 14.2%, while the Ford Fusion midsize was off two places to 14th with a sales drop of 11.3%.
Chevrolet Cruze sales were up 25.6%. but despite that, it fell from 9th, from 10th. Lyman says Cruze's good fortune might be due to factors including more fleet sales and sales incentives.
Even the bottom of November's Top 20 came with a surprise: Nissan's Rogue SUV, which has been a strong seller all year, fell off the list. And in came a compact sedan -- and the only Volkswagen, VW's refreshed Jetta. was in 19th place for the month on the strength of a 25.9% sales increase.
VW appeals to younger buyers, a sign that Millennials may be back to buying cars, says Lyman.
"I disagree with people who say Millennials aren't interested in cars," he says. "We are going to see more Millennials in the market."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zQXXOL
AUTO SALES BREAKDOWN

Dollar delight for real estateDollar delight for real estate
Eritreans arrested for smuggling people across MediterraneanEritreans arrested for people smuggling
James Politi in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1105359e-7b32-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lawmakers fail to act on health insurance exchange2
Without a state-based exchange, Illinois consumers also could be affected by a pending U.S. Supreme Court case that could result in higher health costs for some. Justices will take up the question of whether health insurance subsidies are legal in states, including Illinois, that use the federal health insurance portal to connect consumers with health plans offered under the federal Affordable Care Act.
Up to 1 million Illinois residents are eligible for subsidies, state officials have said. The average Illinois resident who bought coverage for 2014 on the federal exchange received a $202 credit, lowering the monthly premium to $114 from $316, according to government data.
The threat to the subsidies is based on a legal dispute over language in the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare. A provision in the law appears to restrict the subsidies to policies bought on an "exchange established by the state."
A ruling from the high court is expected in June or July. Establishing a state-run exchange would have served as a safeguard for Illinois' subsidies regardless of the high court's decision.
Still, some representatives said the tax on insurers that would have funded the exchange would have meant higher costs for consumers.
"Of course every tax is passed down onto the end users," said Rep. Ron Sandack, R-Downers Grove. "This wasn't an expense that was going to be borne by insurance companies without some kind of pass-through."
Although Illinois could still move to authorize an exchange, the loss of federal funding would pose a considerable hurdle, given the state's budget troubles, health advocates have said.
It's hard to say, however, whether lawmakers will continue to pursue a state-based exchange, state officials said, especially with the upcoming shift in the governor's office.
More than three dozen states will rely on the federally operated portal for their residents to sign up for 2015 coverage through Obamacare.
Fourteen states and the District of Columbia launched their own exchanges last year with federal grants ranging from $42 million for Minnesota to about $829 million for California. Some exchanges were deemed successful, while others struggled to get off the ground.
Legislators have been working to get the go-ahead for a state-run exchange for years. In 2013, a bill passed the state Senate but the legislation never reached the House floor.
"You never know what the feds are going to do, they could extend the deadline,'' said House Majority Leader Barbara Flynn Currie, D-Chicago.
"We'll wait and see. I'm disappointed, I thought it was a good bill, carefully thought out, but unfortunately we didn't have the breadth of support we needed."
Tribune reporters Wes Venteicher and Monique Garcia contributed.

Discount on DelveInsight s Market & Pipeline Reports Till 26th December  2014Discount on DelveInsight s Market & Pipeline Reports Till 26th December  2014
FDI in real estate relaxedFDI in real estate relaxed
Oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan defends move to hike excise duty on petrol  dieselOil minister Dharmendra Pradhan defends move to hike excise duty on petrol  diesel
UPDATE 2-Colombia  Marxist FARC rebels to restart peace talks this monthUPDATE 2-Colombia  Marxist FARC rebels to restart peace talks this month
Microsoft s microservices vision for Azure starts taking shapeMicrosoft s microservices vision for Azure starts taking shape
Yes.it is official.sail ofs issue will open at 09:15 on 05-12-14 and c...Gold Member
48 Followers
Yes. It is official. Sail ofs issue will open at 09:15 on 05-12-14 and close at 15:15. Retail investors will get 5% discount on their bid prices if allotted.
5.22 AM Dec 4th

There are many better stocks in the market rather than this junk; just...Platinum Member
104 Followers
There are many better stocks in the market rather than this junk; just look at Manali Petro trading at 16/17 with much better fundamentals
In reply to : KLCD message
5.21 AM Dec 4th

On the first day the issue was subscribed less than 1% ; its an oswal ...Silver Member
2 Followers
On the first day the issue was subscribed less than 1% ; its an Oswal group and all their issues are trading below the issue value;it is going to deal in one group of apparel ;better to avoid,retail investor.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
5.21 AM Dec 4th

Great opportunity to buy. 150 rs corrected from its recent peak. it ...Platinum Member
138 Followers
Great opportunity to buy.  150 Rs corrected from its recent peak.  It is available @ low PE compare to its peer. Buy with a 1 month target price of Rs1000.  ST investor can book profit at 1000.   It has resistence @1000.  LT investor can hold it for a target of  1500 .   Ceat is also one of a market leader in this bull run like NBCC, JK tyre, JK cement etc.
5.10 AM Dec 4th

Twitter tightens anti-abuse measures© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83dadf4a-7a80-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GOP readies its immigration response to ObamaBy Robert Costa and Ed O'Keefe December 2 Follow @costareports Follow @edatpost
Recent success at the polls has done little to calm the internal rancor among congressional Republicans, who remain deeply divided over how to respond to President Obama’s overhaul of the nation’s immigration system .
The latest evidence came Tuesday as House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) unveiled plans to avoid another government shutdown while also allowing furious Republicans a chance to publicly repudiate Obama for acting on his own.
The hybrid approach is a telling example of how Republicans are likely to lead Congress next year: with anger toward Obama, who they believe has abused the powers of his office, while remaining wary of their own potential for overreach.
Boehner’s approach would first allow a vote this week on a bill to ban Obama from changing immigration laws. The largely symbolic legislation would be quickly discarded by the Democratic-controlled Senate, but the vote would be seen as a victory by some tea party conservatives, including the bill’s lead sponsor, Rep. Ted Yoho (R-Fla.).
The speaker’s decision to embrace Yoho’s bill is a signal to conservatives that he is looking to one of their own as he plots his immigration gambit. Even though Boehner faces no serious challenge for the speaker’s gavel when the new Congress convenes next year, he is aware of the need to keep conservatives aligned with him on immigration or risk another revolt within his ranks.
The Republican-controlled House says it may vote to undo President Obama's executive actions on immigration this week. At the same time the Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson defended Obama's plans on Capitol Hill Tuesday. (AP)
Yoho has been promoting the idea of impeaching Obama more than almost any other House Republican, and he voted against Boehner in the election for speaker two years ago. But Tuesday he discounted suggestions that Boehner’s decision to bring him into the mix was a symbolic gesture designed to reassure conservatives.
“I don’t think so,” Yoho told reporters. “[Boehner] said this was a good bill, and they’re going to bring it up.”
Once Yoho’s bill is approved, the House would vote by next week to fund most government agencies through the end of the fiscal year next September. The one exception would be the Department of Homeland Security, which is responsible for the enforcement of immigration laws. DHS would be funded for a shorter period, but that time frame had not been determined as of Tuesday, aides said. The approach was introduced by Rep. Tom Price (R-Ga.), the incoming Budget Committee chairman, who is well regarded by fellow conservatives. He and other Republicans believe that the shorter timetable would give GOP lawmakers time to find ways to chip away at Obama’s executive actions.
But Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson warned Republicans on Tuesday that incrementally funding his department would risk the nation’s security and his ability to enforce current immigration laws. Johnson clashed with GOP lawmakers Tuesday over Obama’s actions during a House Homeland Security Committee hearing in which he asserted the president’s right to defer deportations.
“The reality is that, for decades, presidents have used executive authority to enhance immigration policy,” Johnson told the committee.
Whether Congress can escape the lame-duck session without a government shutdown is the first major test for Boehner and incoming Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.). As they have several times in the past, the leaders will need to grapple with the many competing blocs in their conferences and build a cross-chamber consensus in order to get the government funded, even for a short time. They will also need to be alert for any potential cracks in GOP support for a funding bill; the deadline is just over a week away, and they can expect no help from Democrats.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) warned Tuesday that Republicans should not expect Democratic votes for bills that provide only short-term funding for immigration programs, leaving Boehner little room for error as he counts votes.
But Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) seemed open to the House plan.
“That would be a big accomplishment if we could get a bill over here that would fund all the appropriations subcommittees except for one,” he said. “I think it’s kind of unfortunate that they’re talking about not doing Homeland Security, but that’s the way it is.”
Some other conservatives want Boehner to be more aggressive.
Late Tuesday, Rep. Paul C. Broun (R-Ga.) called for Boehner to not invite Obama to deliver the State of the Union address next year. Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R-Kan.) suggested that the budgets for White House operations, including for Air Force One, should be decreased. Other conservatives have mentioned censuring the president, impeaching him or suing the administration over its immigration actions.
“I’d rather defund Air Force One,” Huelskamp said. “Congress took a 19 percent cut on its budgets — we should do the same for the White House.” On the State of the Union, he added: “In the spirit of George Washington, he could send it to us in writing. It’d save some time.”
Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) warned his colleagues during a closed-door meeting Tuesday that they could be “accessories” to the president if they fund federal immigration agencies, according to several lawmakers present.
King told reporters that any funding for immigration makes Republicans part of the problem. “If we go forward, they’re asking members to vote to fund that in the short term, and then promising that we will fight in the longer term when we have a majority in the United States Senate,” he said. “I don’t want that red herring to be dragged across in front of us. We have to fight.”
King’s argument has been echoed in the Senate by Sen Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) , who has pitched cutting funds for immigration programs unless the president relents and using spending bills as leverage in winning Democratic concessions.
But potential Republican presidential candidates, concerned about the political consequences of another showdown between the White House and Capitol Hill, are also keeping close watch and asking their congressional brethren to move forward prudently.
At a luncheon Monday on Capitol Hill, former Florida governor Jeb Bush told a group of GOP officials and donors, including McConnell and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.), that the party should avoid a funding standoff.
Instead, Bush said in brief remarks, Republicans should pass a series of “sensible” immigration bills next year to underscore their commitment to governing and reforming the immigration system.
Bush also argued that this post-election moment was an ideal setting for Republicans to better promote their ideas on energy, education and the economy, and he said he hoped that those issues would not be overshadowed.
“It was a mature pitch,” said Bush ally Dan Meyer, a former legislative-affairs adviser in the George W. Bush White House. “He was serious about the importance of leading responsibly.”
The meeting at the National Republican Senatorial Committee’s headquarters was a fundraiser for Rep. Bill Cassidy (R-La.), who is campaigning against Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.) in a runoff scheduled for Saturday.
Separately, Heritage Action chief executive Mike Needham warned that conservative activists — especially “our 10,000 sentinels” who follow Congress closely — will rally to defund immigration programs in the coming days, shrugging off the advice coming from the party’s establishment.
“We will ask Republicans to propose a limiting amendment that would cut any fees or funds for the president’s unlawful amnesty,” Needham said in an interview late Monday. “If they put that onto an omnibus bill as a rider, it could be something we support. But we expect Republicans to use the power of the purse to make sure the president’s actions are not enforced or funded.”
Robert Costa is a national political reporter at The Washington Post.
Ed O’Keefe is a congressional reporter with The Washington Post and covered the 2008 and 2012 presidential and congressional elections.

Are you smart enough to retire(iStock)
When are reverse mortgages due? What triggers early withdrawal penalties? What exactly is covered by Medicare again?
Retirement planning is hard, and most people struggle to understand the fundamentals, according to a new report by the American College of Financial Services , a nonprofit that educates financial advisers. Only 20 percent of people in or near retirement who were surveyed by the group passed a quiz about the basics of retirement planning.
The group quizzed more than 1,000 people, ages 60 to 75, who had at least $100,000 in assets. The goal was to get a sense of how informed people are as they approach retirement, says Dave Littell, a director at The American College. “In some ways we expected people wouldn’t do that great on the test,” Littell says. “We were surprised at just how bad they did.”
People were most stumped by questions about the strategies that could help their money last longer in retirement. For instance, more people said they would get the biggest boost to their retirement income by saving more when they were close to retirement, but in reality pushing back retirement by a few years or delaying Social Security would have a bigger impact, Littell says. (Savings set aside at that stage don’t have as much time to benefit from investment growth, he says.)
Indeed, people often misunderstand the rules about drawing down their assets in retirement, says Gary Koenig, vice president of financial security for the AARP Public Policy Institute. People forget that they need to start taking required minimum distributions from their individual retirement accounts and 401(k)s after age 70 1/2, says Koenig, who was not involved in the study. Others don’t know that taking Social Security benefits at 62 leads to a permanent reduction in benefits, assuming incorrectly that they would start receiving full benefits once they reach full retirement age, he says.
Some of the 38 questions asked in the quiz were far from elementary, hitting on complicated retirement products like annuities. Some were more focused on investing topics like interest rate risk and mutual fund costs. (Do you know what a PE ratio is? Or what is the average lifetime payout for a 65-year-old male getting an immediate income annuity?) Some of the terminology may have tripped people up, Littell says. “Jargon is a challenge,” he says, adding that it can be tough to avoid such complicated terms.
But the confusion also highlighted another risk — people may be over confident about their retirement security. While most people struggled to answer the questions on retirement strategy,  more than half, or 55 percent, said they felt they were prepared to meet their income needs in retirement. Ninety-one percent said they were moderately confident they would have a secure retirement.
The quiz also highlighted one thing that people often get wrong that could increase their chances of running out of money in retirement — how long they are likely to live. Most people underestimate their longevity, putting them at risk of drawing down their savings too soon, collecting Social Security benefits too early and taking a lump-sum payment from a pension plan when they might be better off with an annuity, Koenig says.
What do you think, are you smart enough to retire? Test your luck with this excerpt of the quiz:
1
A 65-year-old man has an average life expectancy of approximately an additional:
10 years

FM Arun Jaitley hints at cut in grants  says  states should generate their own resourcesFM Arun Jaitley hints at cut in grants, says ‘states should generate their own resources’
By: PTI |        Srinagar |  December 3, 2014 6:39 pm
Summary
Ahead of next Union Budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today hinted at…
Arun Jaitley said that several more steps are required to create even more positive environment (for economy) not only by the Central government but also by the state governments and several other institutions. (PTI)
Other Articles
Icra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
Ahead of next Union Budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today hinted at a cut in grants from the Centre to states, saying the states will have to stand on their own by generating resources for development and other schemes.
“Gone are the days when the Centre would provide money and the states would run the government. Today every state has to stand on its own,” Jaitley said during a public meeting here.
Jaitley said the economies of the states in the country depend on investments made by the investors, who, besides looking for profits, also create employment.
“How does the economy of a state work? Investments are required for it and investors want profit. Besides looking for profit, the investors create employment and pays taxes to the government. The state government gets money which it can use for development and make schemes for the poor people,” he said.
Talking about Jammu and Kashmir, Jaitley said the state has huge potential in tourism, water resources and handicrafts sectors which has not been fully tapped so far.
“Jammu and Kashmir has huge potential. Kashmir valley has huge potential in tourism of all kinds — be it sightseeing, religious tourism, adventure or historic places. The state has so much water and so much electricity can be generated that it can be sent to other state,” he said.
The Union Minister, who professed to be an avid collector of Kashmiri handicrafts, said this sector alone can generate income for the state as well as employment for the artisans.
“I have travelled around the world and I have no hesitation to say that what Kashmiri artisans weave is best in the world,” he said.
Jaitley said the state has not been able to benefit from these resources.
“There are so many countries in the world where main source of economy is tourism,” he said.
Earlier, Jaitley had said that several more steps are required to create even more positive environment (for economy) not only by the Central government but also by the state governments and several other institutions, which include the Opposition parties in Parliament.
Without making a mention of Article 370 of the constitution, which grants special status to Jammu and Kashmir, he said sufferings of the common man have been delinked from the issue of powers falling in the domain of the Centre or the state.
“Under the constitution of the country, what will be the subjects in the jurisdiction of the Centre and what will be under the jurisdiction of the state… 67 years have passed but now the problems of the common man have been de-linked from that debate.
“The problems of common man have no relation to which powers are with the Centre and which powers lay with the state. When the floods hit Kashmir, did any one care about the powers?” he asked.
Jaitley said the common man, especially in Kashmir and hilly areas of Jammu, was concerned about how his life will be secure.
“How does he get safety? where will he be heard in case of injustice to him? He is concerned about economic development and how to improve his quality of living,” he said.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Indian Economy
More from economy

Ban on sale of loose cigarettes may be put on hold by govtIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
A Health Ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations against taking drastic regulatory steps.
At a meeting called by Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu, Health Minister J P Nadda assured the MPs that he will look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and industry before taking any policy decision.
Union Ministers besides MPs from two major tobacco- producing states Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, including Ananth Kumar and Nirmala Sitharaman and Mohanbhai Kundaria, were present at the meeting where Nadda was told to address all concerns and not to take any hasty step.
Naidu, who also discussed the issue with Agriculture Minister Radhamohan Singh, said tobacco and arecanut are two important cash crops in the country and in many parts, the livelihood of farmers depend on them.
The parliamentarians were of the view that without providing suitable alternatives to cash crops in tobacco and arecanut-growing areas, farmers should not be penalised by introducing drastic regulatory measures, sources said.
Government sources said an inter-ministerial consensus over the issue is also unlikely to evolve soon.
Naidu, who hails from Andhra Pradesh, said the proposed regulatory amendments will only result in shift in consumption from cigarettes to other cheaper tobacco products like bidis, chewing tobaccos without curtailing overall tobacco consumption.
He convened the meeting after getting representations from tobacco-growing farmers associations in the two states on the likely adverse impact on their livelihood due to the proposed amendment to the Cigarettes and other Tobacco Products Act.
Naidu told reporters later that Nadda was told not to take any “hasty” step till inter-ministerial consultations are over and until alternative crops are decided. A proposal to bring restrictions should not be brought now till the issues are resolved.
India is the second largest tobacco producer in the world and its export earns it foreign exchange over Rs 6,000 crore annually.
As regards arecanut along with betel, it was emphasised that they were integral part of Indian tradition and being used widely since ancient times in religious activities, weddings and other functions.
Naidu said Nadda assured the meeting that he will look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and industry before taking any policy decision.
Nadda had told Rajya Sabha last week that his ministry has accepted recommendations of an expert panel, which was constituted to give suggestions for reducing tobacco consumption, that sale of loose cigarettes be banned and circulated a Cabinet note for inter-ministerial consultations.
TAGS: Cigarettes Ban
More from economy

Ranbaxy Laboratories  Dewas plant drugs now banned by Germany'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
In fresh overseas troubles, drugmaker Ranbaxy Laboratories has been barred from exporting certain antibiotics produced at its Dewas plant to Germany for non-compliance to ‘good manufacturing practice’ norms.
The German health watchdog has also communicated its latest regulatory action against Ranbaxy to the European Medicines Agency (EMA), while the company has already faced several run-ins with the US health regulator FDA about its various plants including at Dewas in Madhya Pradesh.
Germany’s regulator issued a non-compliance report for the Dewas facility where Ranbaxy manufactures cephalosporin antibiotics, after an inspection in June this year, according to European Medicines Agency.
“From the knowledge gained during inspection of this manufacturer, the latest of which was conducted on June 27, 2014, it is considered that it does not comply with the Good Manufacturing Practice requirements,” the EMA said in a notice on its website.
As per the notice, the German regulator found various deficiencies at the plant including unsatisfactory investigations and deficiencies concerning design and operation of clean rooms.
No immediate comments could not be obtained from Ranbaxy Laboratories.
Ranbaxy, which is in the process of being acquired by Sun Pharma in a USD 4 billion deal, has been at the receiving end from the US Food and drug Administration for violation of manufacturing norms. Currently all the four plants of the company are banned from exporting products to the US.
In May last year, Ranbaxy had agreed to pay USD 500 million to the US authorities after pleading guilty to felony charges over violation of manufacturing norms at its plants in Dewas in Madhya Pradesh and Paonta Sahib in Himachal Pradesh.
Ranbaxy shares ended at Rs 630.60 apiece on the BSE, up 0.89 per cent from its previous close.
TAGS: Ranbaxy Laboratories
More from companies
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

5 Things High Net Worth Individuals Need To Know About Medical Marijuanareddit
Marijuana is a "hot" topic at the intersection of medical technology and science research but at the cross roads of some difficult social change.  This will certainly cause some disruption as the efficacy and safety of medical marijuana for many medical conditions has now been validated.  Clouding the issue (pun intended) is medical marijuana vs. recreational marijuana. Most people draw little distinction between recreational and medical marijuana, placing both in the same illegal category. In most cases, due to current federal law, you'd be right. Yet twenty-three states have passed medical marijuana legalization laws.
I hope to "enlighten" my readers on what the business of medical marijuana looks like.  What are the 5 most important things to know? For this piece, I will put aside my ideas on recreational activities or even some jokes as this is a seriously important industry that deserves your attention.
So let's take a look at what's going down in the world of medical marijuana, and what investors need to know:
1. There are proven medical benefits of cannabis (no inhaling required)
Today's marijuana is not your father's, as scientists are extracting the therapeutic qualities of cannabis and providing new ways to deliver it without the intoxicating effects of smoking or eating it. Chet Billingsley, CEO of Mentor Capital, Inc (MNTR) an investment company that invests in cannabis related companies, explained it to me: "We think it is of first importance for our medical marijuana investors to know with confidence that, as a medicine, cannabis works. It relieves pain because the grape-cluster-shaped THC and CBD marijuana molecules fit into and block the pain receptor sites CB1 and CB2. Cannabis is often preferred for chronic pain because it avoids the constant "loopy" feeling that comes with long-term opiate use.   Parents see that cannabis similarly slows down the buildup and cascade of nerve signals that may cause seizures in their children and can also soothe shaking diseases afflicting their grandparents."
2. The investment opportunities are budding
One of most well-known firms that has a cannabis based business is GW Pharmaceutical (GWPH) According to self-proclaimed cannabis analyst, Alan Brochstein , he believes that GW Pharmaceuticals is "a Rolls Royce of companies in this space, a true medical company."  They have developed more than 5 dozen cannabinoids.   Other firms like INSYS (INSY) are spending their time on large potential markets like chemotherapy patients who will use their products to fight nausea and vomiting that often accompanies these life-saving treatments.  Still other firms, like NEMUS BioScience , are researching novel ways of drug delivery for cannabis products to minimize risk from smoking and assure standard dosage through new ways of drug delivery methods.
According to Billingsley, in 2014, $1 Billion in medical marijuana medicine will be legally sold and dispensed by state-licensed dispensaries. So when and if it's approved at the federal level, according to GreenWave Advisors , the market will likely explode into a $35 billion industry. This is a development to watch - and one with many upside opportunities.  But right now it feels like a green rush, so be careful you don't get caught up in the weeds.
3. There is a difference between medical marijuana and pharmaceutical cannabis
Medical marijuana is a term that suggests any aspect of the plant's real or imagined medicinal value, but there are companies developing cannabis-derived drugs using conventional FDA regulatory routes. The term, pharmaceutical cannabis is what the industry is using to indicate the cannabis-derived drug has been through a rigorous regulatory, safety and efficacy approval process.
While access to cannabis might work for a given condition, you may not have access through a medical dispensary in your state. I guess you can self-prescribe for now but we'll see if the industry makes it a joint effort.  Disclosures here.
4. State versus federal medical marijuana legalization
Since under federal law, cannabis is a schedule 1 drug (classified as illegal with no medical value), states are passing medical marijuana legislation without clinical trials and without identifying specific indications (FDA approved uses). That federal versus state legality conflict is causing a lot of confusion, and will need to be resolved in order to protect patient safety.
More, because cannabis is schedule 1, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) has a say into FDA approval (unlike other prescription drugs) and all indications are that the DEA is not cannabis friendly - even medically.  So that means federal approval is under the influence of the DEA.
5. High profile experts are changing their stance on Medical Marijuana
Among the most notable and vocal, Dr. Richard Besser and Dr. Sanjay Gupta, were vehemently opposed to legalizing medical marijuana, but have recently flipped their stance after learning more about the issue. Both Dr. Gupta and Dr. Besser have both come out publicly to apologize for their earlier positions.
Dr. Besser explains, "I went into this story feeling that I don't think marijuana should be legalized. But I came out of this story thinking, actually, I was wrong. There is a strong case for legalizing marijuana and regulating it to keep it away from kids."
So at least in terms of using cannabis for medical reasons, the medical experts are increasingly pushing for federal legalization. Federal legalization will create a structure, and distribution mechanism to bring drugs to market more quickly and with uniform safety standards. That means there is a high probability that cannabis will become legal to help treat diseases like glaucoma, multiple sclerosis and help with side effects like nausea and chemotherapy for the myriad of cancer patients treated each year.
Brendan Kennedy, CEO of Privateer Holdings, is leading the charge in the private equity space.  He is quoted recently on his mission to change the public perception from Cheech and Chong, White Castle, and Doritos to real medical benefits for suffers.  "Every time we see those clichés, we think it's hurtful to a cancer patient suffering the side effects of chemotherapy, or the mother or father of a child with epilepsy."
If cannabis becomes legal for medical reasons at the federal level, there will be many opportunities for investors. And like many investments today, while returns still matter, some investors are focused on the social change that pot legalization brings. This means that this conversation will move to the mainstream pretty quickly, even the media publication "High Times" has created a capital fund.  Yes, you must be an accredited investor-and no, it's not available on the street corner.
No matter your personal view on the situation, national perception of cannabis has moved into an active conversation.  This conversation is happening among a diverse demographic- baby boomers, next gen, investors, patients and entrepreneurs. Where there is smoke, there is money. Just like any other early stage investment, there will be a plethora of entities and entry points for HNW individuals in equity markets, private deals, funds, crowdfunding, etc.  This means that investors must spend time learning and understanding the investment vehicles, business opportunities and potential risks before they decide their own appetite for pot.
Follow April Rudin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TheRudinGroup
More:

Look ahead: 5 workplace trends to celebrate5 Workplace Trends to Celebrate
By Alison Green | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Mon 24 Nov, 2014 7:30 PM IST
Print
When you're slogging through the daily grind of work or a job search, or when you're dealing with a difficult boss or co-workers, it can be easy to forget what we should be thankful for at work. There are significant changes underway in the American workplace, and they're offering workers real advantages that most people didn't have a decade ago.
Here are five positive developments that have been changing the workplace in the last few years and changing many people's work lives for the better.
1. Telecommuting options continue to grow. It wasn't all that long ago when companies that allowed employees to telecommute were a rarity. That has changed dramatically in the last decade, and in the last few years in particular. Thirty million Americans now work from home at least once a week, and the Telework Research Network expects that number to increase dramatically in the next few years.
Given all the benefits to employees that telecommuting provides -- no commute, saved gas money, being able to work from home while you wait for the cable guy -- it's not surprising that last year, a survey by the Society for Human Resource Management found a larger increase in the number of companies planning to offer telecommuting than the increase for any other benefit.
2. Flex time continues to increase. It used to be that if you had an office job, you could expect to work the same set of hours as everyone else, like 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. But as workers have increasingly looked for new ways to juggle work obligations and personal lives , flexible hours have started becoming more accepted and even ingrained in American workplaces.
Flexible schedules make it easier for workers to pick up kids from school or child care, attend classes, manage medical appointments or even just avoid rush hour. And employers have discovered that offering flex time helps attract and retain top-tier employees, who more and more are looking for flexibility in their work lives.
3. We're seeing a move toward more paid sick leave. If you've always had jobs that offered paid sick leave, you might take it for granted. But in fact, no federal law requires employers to offer paid sick leave , and some employers don't provide any at all. However, the landscape on this issue is starting to change. We're seeing a growing recognition that paid sick leave is good for both employees and employers, because it discourages employees from coming to work when sick and infecting others and improves productivity and morale.
Connecticut, New York City, San Francisco, Seattle, San Diego, the District of Columbia and a growing number of additional jurisdictions have passed laws in the last few years requiring paid sick days, and dozens of states and cities considered paid sick days proposals in the most recent legislative session. President Barack Obama even called for paid sick days in his State of the Union address earlier this year.
4. The pay gap between men and women is getting smaller. Overall, men still earn more than women for doing the same work. But that's changing , and looking at how it's playing out among the latest cohort to enter the workforce gives some pretty fascinating indications of what might be to come. A Pew Research analysis of census data found that millennial women -- who are better educated than their male peers are -- are now earning 93 cents for every dollar earned by men.
That's still an unacceptable difference, but it's far better than the average wage gap among all age groups, which is 84 cents to every dollar. That shrinking gap bodes well for what's to come.
5. Options for nontraditional career paths are increasing. The Internet has made it possible for huge numbers of people to launch freelance careers or side businesses that wouldn't have been feasible in the past.
Leaving full-time, traditional employment to strike out on your own can still be a risky move, but there's no doubt that technology and the more accessible playing field provided by the Internet has made it a heck of a lot easier than it used to be. As a result, millions of workers are striking out on their own and shaping their own careers with far more autonomy than was previously possible.
Alison Green writes the popular Ask a Manager blog , where she dispenses advice on career, job search and management issues. She's the author of "How to Get a Job: Secrets of a Hiring Manager," co-author of "Managing to Change the World: The Nonprofit Manager's Guide to Getting Results" and the former chief of staff of a successful nonprofit organization, where she oversaw day-to-day staff management.
More From US News & World Report

PM Modi should express regret over Sadhvi s abusive remarks: OppositionSticking to their demand for resignation of Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, opposition parties today said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi should express regret over the controversial remarks made by the Union Minister.
The parties also demanded that an FIR should be lodged against the minister for her “uncultured” comments.
“The Prime Minister appeared in the House after a long time. He was sitting there, he could have got up and expressed regret on this issue and condemned it,” senior Congress leader Kamal Nath told reporters outside Parliament.
He maintained that the statement of the minister has “hurt” the sentiments of secular minded people.
“The statement by the BJP minister has not only hurt the sentiments of a particular community, but all secular minded people. The apology by the minister was a confession yesterday,” Nath, a former Union Minister, said.
Samajwadi Party leader and Rajya Sabha MP Ram Gopal Yadav said there should be “nothing less than resignation” on the issue.
“I am amazed at the statement of the government that the comments by the minister were made outside the House, but the issues we discuss the house are related to people’s interest.
“Unless the Prime Minister assures us that he will take action against her, we will not stay quite,” Congress leader and Rajya Sabha MP Ashwani Kumar said.
Lawyer and NCP’s Rajya Sabha MP Majeed Memon said an FIR should be lodged against the minister under section 153 (A) of the Indian Penal Code (for promoting enmity against people on the grounds of religion, case, race, residence and language).
“The offence is non-compoundable and non-bailable. Till the time the minister does not resign, we will not allow the House to function,” he said.
Jyoti had yesterday stoked a controversy by allegedly making communal remarks and using an expletive in an election rally here, leaving the BJP and the government embarrassed.
More from miscellaneous

Three IIT Kanpur students offered Rs 93 lakh package'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Three students of IIT Kanpur were today offered a whooping package of around Rs 93 lakh per annum, as the placement drive at the premier institute entered the third day.
The offer has been made by Samsung Company, Korea, Chairman of IIT Kanpur’s placement cell Professor Deepu Philip said.
Another four students of the institute have been offered an annual package of around Rs 74 lakh per year by Oracle.
The IIT kicked off its placement drive on December 1 and 85 companies have already come to campus.
A total of 400 students have till now got offer letters from various Indian and foreign companies, Philip said.
153 B Tech, B Tech Dual and M Tech students had received offer letters on the first day of the placement drive itself with the maximum annual salary being Rs 60 lakh, he said.
Flipkart has selected the maximum of 20 students mostly offering salary in the range of Rs 45 to 60 lakh.
However, sighting guidelines, the authorities refused to share names of the students who have bagged the packages.
Around 1,500 students have registered themselves for placement process and the number is expected to rise as the drive will continue till December 24, Phillip said.
Several Indian companies and MNCs like Google, Oracle, Mitsubishi, Amazon, City Bank, Microsoft, Samsung, Facebook will visit the campus till the last day, he said.
TAGS: Flipkart IIT Kanpur
More from industry
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Hero Moto signs Tiger Woods in a record Rs 250 cr dealDec 03, 2014, 10.10 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Hero Moto signs Tiger Woods in a record Rs 250 cr deal
Tiger Woods has signed a 4-year deal with the company for Rs 250 crore. Woods in fact had made a day's trip to India at the invitation of Hero MD Pawan Munjal earlier this year and played a round of golf at the Delhi Golf Club.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hero Moto signs Tiger Woods in a record Rs 250 cr deal
Tiger Woods has signed a 4-year deal with the company for Rs 250 crore. Woods in fact had made a day's trip to India at the invitation of Hero MD Pawan Munjal earlier this year and played a round of golf at the Delhi Golf Club.
Post your opinion here
1:00 pm
Tiger Woods now has an Indian connection. In a major coup, Indian two-wheeler giant  Hero MotoCorp has signed the 14-time major winner as its brand ambassador.
Tiger Woods has signed a 4-year deal with the company for Rs 250 crore. Woods in fact had made a day's trip to India at the invitation of Hero MD Pawan Munjal earlier this year and played a round of golf at the Delhi Golf Club.
He said he was very shocked and surprised with the huge turnout at the Delhi Golf Club. He believes Indians just love sports with cricket being number one. “I think the country just loves sports and to have the ability to play there in Delhi and to have Munjal here and to have all the people that were there so excited about the sport was exciting to see,” he added.
Meanwhile, Munjal adds that it is too early to get Woods to play a tournament in India but surely during their partnership he (Woods) will come back and hopefully play one of the Hero Indian Opens too.
Hero Moto is also sponsoring the world challenge which will see 18 of the top 26 golfers in the world compete over the coming weekend. This deal is one of the biggest signed by an Indian company with an international celebrity and is in keeping with the company’s desire to be present in 50 countries by 2020.
RELATED NEWS

YotaPhone seeks $100m smartphone boostYotaPhone seeks $100m smartphone boost
Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/02b30ffa-7af8-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI looking at guidelines on e-commerce: Deputy Guv HR KhanIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
Deputy Governor HR Khan on Wednesday said the Reserve Bank has some concerns on e-commerce transactions and will be coming out with some guidelines on the same.
“There are some issues which we are trying to look at. E-commerce is innovative and we cannot push away, so we will see….we are looking at coming out with some guidelines on it,” Khan told reporters on the sidelines of an NPCI event here.
He, however, did not elaborate what the specific concerns of the regulator are.
In August, the RBI had found that US-based taxi aggregator Uber was flouting payments norms and had asked it to comply by October 31, for which the company has sought more time.
Uber was following its practice that falls short on the two-step user authentication norms as laid out by RBI.
The concerns voiced by the senior RBI official come within days of commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman saying that her department was “watching” the developments in the fledgling space including some cases involving e-commerce majors in the courts over the market model.
It also comes after traditional brick and mortar traders approached the fair trade watch dog CII in this regard.
Khan said the RBI will come out with final guidelines on trade receivables discounting system, a draft of which was issued in July.
“We expect it is going to be a big game changer for the receivables of small and medium industry. We are going to put the guidelines and the application will be invited to middle of February,” he added.
Under the guidelines, both factoring and reverse factoring will be allowed, he said.
On the foreign investors’ caps in government securities, Khan said the increase will come about but in a phased manner.
When asked about the Budget announcement of bond buybacks to extend the maturity and reduce repayment burdens, Khan did not give an exact timeline or quantum of the mop-up and limited to saying that it will be done by March 2015.
On the recently issued guidelines for establishment of the payments banks and small finance banks, he said the new banks will not be a threat to existing banks but may increase competition.
TAGS: E Commerce Reserve Bank Of India
More from economy

Many questions for Judge Richard PosnerBy Will Baude December 3
Ron Collins has been posting an interesting many-part interview with Judge Richard Posner. Today was the fourth post , which includes a number of questions by various legal figures — journalists, judges, law professors — including me (and co-blogger Eugene).
Here’s my question and Judge Posner’s answer:
Professor William Baude: In your experience, how does judicial decision-making differ in different societies, and why might societies choose to have different kinds of judicial decision-making?
Judge Posner: I don’t know much about foreign judiciaries, except the U.K.’s. I assume judicial decision-making varies primarily with the structure of the judiciary. In the inquisitorial systems the structure is bureaucratic; judges are appointed right after or shortly after graduation from law school (more precisely from a college major in law) to a junior judicial post and are promoted in accordance with how they are evaluated by their superiors. Procedure is informal, documentary evidence is strongly preferred, deference to legislatures greater because the legislators tend to be better disciplined. But these are just impressions.
Other tidbits in the interview include Posner’s views on conflict of laws (“Conflict of law rules seem to me readily understandable in economic terms”), on appellate fact research (“I think the adversary system is overrated”), on the worst Supreme Court decisions (one of them is Chevron), on the Court’s flag-burning cases (“no constitutional or pragmatic basis that I can see”) and much more. It’s worth reading the whole thing , and watching for future installments.
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

Russia  energy stocks smack emerging markets fundsRussia, energy stocks smack emerging markets funds
By: John Waggoner December 3, 2014 4:02 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
If your emerging markets fund is submerging, you can thank plunging markets in oil and in Russia.
FP PHOTO / RIA NOVOSTI / ALEXEY DRUZHININALEXEY DRUZHININ/AFP/Getty Images
The average emerging markets fund has gained just 0.2% this year. One source of their lousy performance: Russia. The Micex Index, Russia’s equivalent of the S&P 500, has plunged 54% in U.S. dollars since its 2011 high. Another: Oil. The price of a barrel of crude oil has plunged to $66.88, down from $110.53 in 2013.
Not surprisingly, the actively managed Voya Russia fund has tumbled 28.5% this year, while the SPDR Russia ETF, an index fund, has plunged 31.6%. The Direxion Daily Russia Bull 3X ETF, which uses futures and options to turbocharge its gains and losses, has fallen a heart-pounding 76.4%.
As bad as those losses are, they could always get worse. In the 1998 currency meltdown, the Micex lost 90% of its value in U.S. dollars. During the 2009 turmoil, the index fell 80% for U.S. investors.
But, says Fidelity fund manager, Adam Kutas, it might be time to start looking at short-term buying opportunities in Russia. “A lot has changed since 1998,” he says. Back then, China consumed about 1% of the world’s oil. Today it sucks in about 15%. “[Russian President Vladimir] Putin is looking for friends, and more markets to sell energy to,” he says.
These funds have the highest percentage of Russian stocks in their portfolios — and have lagged this year.
Fund, ticker

U.S. walks fine  awkward line when addressing Iranian airstrikes in IraqBy Dan Lamothe December 3 Follow @danlamothe
An F-4 Phantom fighter jets flies during an Army Day parade in the Iranian capital, Tehran. Iranian fighter jets struck Islamic State militants in eastern Iraq in recent days, the Pentagon said on Dec. 2. (BEHROUZ MEHRIBEHROUZ MEHRI/AFP/Getty Images)
Iranian fighter jets are now said to be bombing the Islamic State militant group in Iraq . It’s an escalation in Tehran’s presence there — and a development that has forced U.S. officials to walk a fine line while addressing it.
The latest example came Wednesday, when Secretary of State John F. Kerry was asked if he was aware of any Iranian airstrikes in Iraq, and whether he thought they were helpful in the fight against the militants. He declined to confirm whether any occurred and said Tehran and Washington are not coordinating military actions, a standing talking point for U.S. officials in recent days. But the secretary went a step further, saying Iranian airstrikes wouldn’t necessarily be a bad thing.
“I think it’s self-evident that if Iran is taking on ISIL in some particular place and it’s confined to taking on ISIL and it has an impact … the net effect is positive,” Kerry said, using one of the acronyms for the group. “But that’s not something that we’re coordinating. The Iraqis have the overall responsibility for their own ground and air operations, and what they choose to do is up to them.”
That’s a noteworthy reaction after decades in which Iran and the United States have been on the opposite of national security issues. From the Iranian hostage crisis that ended in 1981, to the support the U.S. gave Iraqi President Saddam Hussein in a war against Iran in the 1980s, to the ongoing tensions of Iran’s nuclear program, Washington and Tehran have long been at odds with one another.
White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the U.S. policy against cooperating militarily with Iran remains in place despite Iranian airstrikes in Iraq. (Reuters)
During the Iraq war, U.S. officials accused Tehran of supplying weapons to Shiite militia groups that attacked American troops. And in Afghanistan, Iran has exerted influence by providing support to Taliban insurgents fighting U.S. and coalition troops, while at the same time cultivating relationships in the Afghan central government, according to a 2011 analysis prepared by the Rand National Defense Research Institute for Marine Corps intelligence officials.
Iran spurned an American request for cooperation against the Islamic State in September, with its supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, calling the coalition formed “ empty, shallow & biased ” on Twitter. President Obama wrote a letter to Khamenei afterward to tell him Tehran and Washington had shared interests in Iraq, but Iran is believed to exert its military influence there on its own without any American involvement.
Several Iraqi military victories against the militants this fall have come with Iranian involvement, and the commander of Iran’s Quds force, Gen. Ghasem Soleimani, has paid a visit to Iraq, according to the Associated Press . Lebanon’s Hezbollah militia group — long backed by Iran — also may have been involved.
The Pentagon press secretary, Adm. John Kirby, said Tuesday that he had seen the media reports about Iran launching airstrikes on the Islamic State, and had no reason to doubt them. But he declined to take any position on them.
Department of Defense Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said on Tuesday the Pentagon has no evidence to contradict reports that Iran had launched air strikes against Islamic State militants in eastern Iraq but would not confirm those reports. (AP)
“Our message to Iran is the same today as it was when it started, and as it is to any neighbor in the region that is involved in the anti-ISIL activities,” Kirby said. “And that’s that we want nothing to be done that further inflames sectarian tensions in the country.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

How to adjust to your new bossHow to Adjust to the New Boss on the Block
By Jada A. Graves | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Thu 16 Oct, 2014 10:05 PM IST
Print
>
There are certain expectations that accompany the circumstance of being new to a job. And we've all been there -- in fact, a 2012 report by the Bureau of Labor Statistics determined that the youngest members of the baby boomer generation, those born between 1957 and 1964, held an average 11 jobs between the ages of 18 and 46. In other words, an overwhelming number of the U.S. workforce isn't new to the feeling of being new.
What's less charted is the sensation of being a seasoned employee with a boss who's the new kid. What's the value of your tenured reputation when working with someone who doesn't know you? How much change is reasonable to expect, and how much should things remain the same?
Here's the best protocol for adjusting while maintaining your professionalism.
Be on guard. Your new boss will most likely join the company with basic knowledge of his or her staff, their responsibilities, objectives, strengths and weaknesses. Still, he or she doesn't know you, and for now, your reputation is just hearsay. Treat this probation period as an opportunity to make a new first impression. Rededicate yourself to your responsibilities. Work an extra hour or two, and shore up your standing. Curtail the long lunches. Kibosh the cyberloafing.
"Anytime there's a change in the power structure around you, it's going to be one of the most hazardous times in your career," explains Marie McIntyre, author of "Secrets to Winning at Office Politics: How to Achieve Your Goals and Increase Your Influence at Work." "That's whether the structure change is because of a merger or acquisition, or because a new boss is joining the organization. It would be a mistake during this period to make assumptions on your new working situation based on your previous working situation."
Be prepared. Find out all you can about your new manager before he or she starts. Visit his or her LinkedIn profile for clues on his or her professional background, and take a quick trip to Google to discover any other tidbits you can. Even knowing nuggets about your boss's personal life -- his or her family, interests and culture -- ahead of time could unearth some commonality between you two and prevent misunderstandings as colleagues. "You should know if your new boss is a man or a woman, about how old they are and even where they're from [before they start]," says Patricia Rossi, author of "Everyday Etiquette." "Men and women sometimes do business differently. Different generations view workplace issues differently. Plus there are different business practices and norms in different countries. You're going to need to adapt quickly and effortlessly to your boss's working style, and having a sense of who they are could help you."
Use the new information you've learned about your supervisor to send him or her a quick email before his or her start date, as a welcome to the company and to introduce yourself. "Start up a dialogue with them and eliminate the guesswork," Rossi says. "Give them a two- or three-sentence professional and personal bio about you as well."
On the subject of nice gestures, Alexandra Levit, author of "Blind Spots: 10 Business Myths You Can't Afford to Believe on Your New Path to Success," suggests taking your new boss out to lunch on his or her first day. "It's a good, informal way to have a personal, getting-to-know-you conversation, but also to have a frank conversation about goals and expectations for you specifically as well as your department," she says.
Slideshow - 8 remarkable ways to bond with your boss
Be proactive. You also should initiate a meeting with your new manager during his or her first weeks for an in-depth conversation about goals and responsibilities. "One mistake people make is that they wait for their boss to reach out to them, and a good new manager probably will, but they also may not," McIntyre says. "You need to be the one to reach out to your boss. Take time to find out their preferences and their preferred method of doing things instead of waiting for them to share that information with you."
Does your new manager communicate more using email or IM? Is she one of the office early birds, or does she prefer to work late? You can pick up some of your manager's ways using the look and learn method. Levit advises spending the first couple of months, and even up to a year, watching and adapting. "You can't make an assessment that your boss is going to be a micromanager or call meetings all the time or even be hands-off if you've only worked with them for a month or two," she says. "A sensible boss isn't going to come in guns blazing, and it could take time for their preferences for working to develop."
Be flexible. You're the senior employee, and you're stuck in the ways of working that have worked best for you. Now's the time to get unstuck. "Never, ever say [to your new boss], 'This is the way we've always done it,' or 'This is the way my old boss did this,'" Rossi says. If you are trying to bring your manager up to speed on old processes, McIntyre suggests you do so in an informational as opposed to directional way. "New managers tend to come in with new ideas, and you should expect them to make changes," she says.
Ultimately, you have to be receptive to a new way of doing things. "Your attitude should be that the new boss is in the perfect position to do the job and that they're going to make the company better," Levit says. "Don't have firm expectations of the way things are going to be, because expectations lead to disappointment."

NextEra and Hawaiian Electric to CombineIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Tony Abbott  Virat Kohli  Michael Clarke Bid Farewell to HughesTony Abbott  Virat Kohli  Michael Clarke Bid Farewell to Hughes
Attorney General on Decision Not to Indict in NYPD Choke Hold DeathHELP
[{"id":14476486,"hedshort":"Coming Up: Live Report - Body Found in Search for...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Coming Up: Live Report - Body Found in Search for Pennsylvania Shooting Suspect","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"VP Biden Delivers Remarks at National Menorah...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/WhiteHouse_GoStream_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"VP Biden Delivers Remarks at National Menorah Lighting","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/WhiteHouse_GoStream_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"Coming Up: Pennsylvania Officials Give Update on...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Coming Up: Pennsylvania Officials Give Update on Body Found in Hunt for Shooting Suspect","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Watch Live as Attorney General Eric Holder Speaks on Eric Garner Decisionwatch live as attorney general eric holder speaks on eric garner decision
Obama sketches 2015 agenda of taxes  trade; meets McConnellObama sketches 2015 agenda of taxes  trade; meets McConnell
Centre formalises easier FDI rules for constructionCentre formalises easier FDI rules for construction
Come what may  i believe the potential of sun. if wockhardt  aurobindo...Silver Member
11 Followers
Come what may, I believe the potential of Sun. If Wockhardt, Aurobindo,  Lupin,  DRL,  Cipla  can run in this bull market, Sun can sprint. Matter of time. Patience.It has to fly.
5.52 AM Dec 4th

Today  i am expecting further upmove from the current level. expected ...Bangladesh bullish on energy ties with India - - - -$$$$$
KOLKATA, DECEMBER 2:
With the Saarc Framework Agreement for Energy Cooperation (Electricity) in place, Bangladesh is gearing up to meet half its projected 10,000 MW incremental demand in the next 10 years from India, Nepal and Bhutan.
According to Taufiq-e-Elahi Chowdhury, energy advisor to Bangladeshi Prime Minister Seikh Hasina, Dhaka is bullish on enhancing the scope of energy cooperation with Delhi.
While India has granted in-principle approval to Bangladesh’s request to enhance (thermal) electricity sales from 500 MW to 1,100 MW (mostly through open market purchase), discussions are also on to collaborate in harnessing renewable energy sources.
‘Power in North East’
According to the arrangement for hydro-electricity development, harnessing hydro resources in the North-Eastern States (many of which share a border with Bangladesh) will be crucial to this initiative.
India currently taps a mere 2 per cent of the nearly 69,000 MW hydro-power potential in the North-East.
Dubbed as “Power in Northeast”, the joint initiative aims to develop hydro-electric projects (in India) to meet the energy needs of both nations.
“The discussions have been on between the Governments for some time. Now, it is possible to develop the projects,” said Chowdhury.
India has in place a collaborative agreement with Bhutan that has attracted huge investments from Delhi in developing a number of large hydro-electric projects and earning money on sale of excess power to India.
Chowdhury says creation of a common market should help India create a demand for solar power. Competition from cheap coal-based power is a major hurdle to the wider use of solar energy in India (and China). Considering that Bangladesh is run on costlier gas-based electricity, it has a greater appetite for solar energy.
The market potential, he argues, is particularly high due to vast time difference between solar power hubs of Rajasthan and Gujarat in Western India and Bangladesh on the Eastern border.
Though India has one time zone for the entire country; the sun sets in Rajasthan a clear two hours behind Bangladesh, opening up an opportunity for solar power companies in India to meet a part of the peak evening shortage in Dhaka.
Bangladesh joins TAPI
Meanwhile, the Saarc agreement has finalised Bangladesh’s entry into a consortium for the Trans-Afghanistan gas pipeline project, referred to as the Turkmenistan-Afghanistan-Pakistan-India (TAPI) project. “Bangladesh first expressed its interest to join the TAPI project nearly two years ago. The energy cooperation deal made Bangladesh’s entry a certainty,” Chowdhury said. He wants to rechristen the project TAPI-B.
In reply to : MadonnaB message
5.47 AM Dec 4th

At this price looking at pe and price to the book value  stock is sti...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ap to partner with japanese softbank for solar power projects - - - -...Bangladesh bullish on energy ties with India - - - -$$$$$
KOLKATA, DECEMBER 2:
With the Saarc Framework Agreement for Energy Cooperation (Electricity) in place, Bangladesh is gearing up to meet half its projected 10,000 MW incremental demand in the next 10 years from India, Nepal and Bhutan.
According to Taufiq-e-Elahi Chowdhury, energy advisor to Bangladeshi Prime Minister Seikh Hasina, Dhaka is bullish on enhancing the scope of energy cooperation with Delhi.
While India has granted in-principle approval to Bangladesh’s request to enhance (thermal) electricity sales from 500 MW to 1,100 MW (mostly through open market purchase), discussions are also on to collaborate in harnessing renewable energy sources.
‘Power in North East’
According to the arrangement for hydro-electricity development, harnessing hydro resources in the North-Eastern States (many of which share a border with Bangladesh) will be crucial to this initiative.
India currently taps a mere 2 per cent of the nearly 69,000 MW hydro-power potential in the North-East.
Dubbed as “Power in Northeast”, the joint initiative aims to develop hydro-electric projects (in India) to meet the energy needs of both nations.
“The discussions have been on between the Governments for some time. Now, it is possible to develop the projects,” said Chowdhury.
India has in place a collaborative agreement with Bhutan that has attracted huge investments from Delhi in developing a number of large hydro-electric projects and earning money on sale of excess power to India.
Chowdhury says creation of a common market should help India create a demand for solar power. Competition from cheap coal-based power is a major hurdle to the wider use of solar energy in India (and China). Considering that Bangladesh is run on costlier gas-based electricity, it has a greater appetite for solar energy.
The market potential, he argues, is particularly high due to vast time difference between solar power hubs of Rajasthan and Gujarat in Western India and Bangladesh on the Eastern border.
Though India has one time zone for the entire country; the sun sets in Rajasthan a clear two hours behind Bangladesh, opening up an opportunity for solar power companies in India to meet a part of the peak evening shortage in Dhaka.
Bangladesh joins TAPI
Meanwhile, the Saarc agreement has finalised Bangladesh’s entry into a consortium for the Trans-Afghanistan gas pipeline project, referred to as the Turkmenistan-Afghanistan-Pakistan-India (TAPI) project. “Bangladesh first expressed its interest to join the TAPI project nearly two years ago. The energy cooperation deal made Bangladesh’s entry a certainty,” Chowdhury said. He wants to rechristen the project TAPI-B.
In reply to : MadonnaB message
5.47 AM Dec 4th

Gold prices soar by Rs 840 in biggest single-day gain thisyearPosting this year’s biggest single-day rise of Rs 840, gold today regained the Rs 27,000 per ten gram level after a gap of over one month in the national capital, tracking rebounds in global markets.
In addition, pick-up in domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the wedding season also buoyed sentiment.
After losing Rs 730 in last six sessions after the RBI eased imports curbs by scrapping 80:20 scheme, gold staged a strong comeback by rising Rs 840 to close at Rs 27,040 per ten grams, a level last seen on October 30.
Silver also recorded a significant gain of Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiment bolstered after gold surged by 3.69 per cent, its biggest gain since September 19, to USD 1,218.10 an ounce in New York yesterday, as rebound in crude price revived demand for the precious metal as stores of value, bullion traders said.
Globally, silver also surged 7.3 per cent to USD 16.69 an ounce yesterday, the highest gain since September 2013.
Besides, rising domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the ongoing wedding season too influenced precious metal prices, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 840 each to Rs 27,040 and Rs 26,840 per ten grams respectively.
Sovereign moved up by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 2,420 to Rs 36,340 per kg.
Silver coins recovered sharply by Rs 3,000 to Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
TAGS: Gold Price
More from commodities
‘Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT William D Dar, director general of International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (Icrisat) which has its global headquarters in Hyderabad, has transformed the organisation into one of the best international agricultural research for development (AR4D) centres in terms of innovative and inclusive research programmes for better financial health and stability. In an interaction […]

Disaster in progressPrint
Sathyu (left) went to Bhopal as a volunteer a day after the gas leak and never left. Today, he is a founder member of the Bhopal Group for Information and Action and the Sambhavna Trust.(Source: Amnesty International © Raghu Rai / Magnum Photos)
Written by Indira Jaising |
Posted: December 3, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 3, 2014 10:39 am
On the 30th anniversary of the Bhopal disaster, memories of the victims’ suffering surface once again. One is at a loss for words to describe what happened on the intervening night of December 2-3, 1984. Was it an accident? Or was it industrial genocide? We will never know what it was, since no investigation was conducted on what caused water to leak into 41 tonnes of higly toxic methyl isocyanate (MIC), stored in the Indian factory of Union Carbide Corporation (UCC). Around the factory, there lived thousands of people in settlements that they had made their homes. They had lived and worked there for several decades.
The Indian factory of UCC in Bhopal was semi-abandoned, having become unproductive and unprofitable, and hence considered unworthy of repairs or maintenance. For the residents, it was just another piece of ugly twisted steel and metal to be ignored. They did not know that they were living on a toxic dump that would one day consume them.
That night, a black cloud emanating from the factory swept over their homes, killing 2,000 instantly and leaving thousands critically injured. Nobody had a clue what the killer substance was. Some chose to run against the direction of the wind and fell in even larger numbers, others were dead before they could open their eyes. Death was
At a time like that, UCC was expected to stand by the victims and, at the very least, provide the information required to treat those who had survived. Instead, it chose to cover up the poisonous nature of the gas, continued…

Chinesetakeaway: Modis BuddhismWritten by C Raja Mohan |
Posted: December 3, 2014 12:59 am | Updated: December 3, 2014 8:08 am
As Prime Minister Narendra Modi winds down an intensive phase of foreign policy activism, one surprising feature of his diplomacy has been the frequent evocation of Buddhism. In his outreach to leaders in the subcontinent and Asia, from Nepal to Japan and China to Myanmar, Modi has projected Buddhism as one of India’s bridges to these nations. The PM’s overt expression of his Hindu religiosity has been controversial, but not surprising.
But Buddhism?
Some have seen it as an effort to compete with China for leadership in Buddhist Asia. Others have viewed it as a fond hope of finding a spiritual connection to China. Some point to Modi’s personal interest in Buddhism and cite his commitment to restoring the rich Buddhist heritage of Gujarat when he was chief minister there.
It does not really matter if none of the above can explain Modi’s emphasis on Buddhism. What does matter is the fact that the PM has put Buddhism at the heart of India’s vigorous new diplomacy. The Buddha has long figured prominently in India’s international engagement. As the land from where Buddhism was born and spread around Eurasia, India did not have to work too hard to make it part of its cultural interaction with the rest of the world. One out of six tourists to India visits Bodh Gaya. Buddhism has long been an integral part of India’s relations with many countries in Asia. Buddhism brought a few problems as well. By hosting the Dalai Lama since 1959 amidst continuing restiveness in Tibet, India has created an enduring source of tension with China.
Beijing Rivalry?
China’s active promotion of Buddhism in recent years has generated some alarm in New Delhi. China held the first World Buddhist Forum in 2006 at Hangzhou. It was launched by Xi Jinping — then the party secretary of the Zhejiang province and a rising star in the CPC. Beijing convened
the forum again in 2009 and 2012. The UPA government responded with a diplomatic initiative of its own. In 2011, India convened the first Global Buddhist Congregation. It joined hands with Myanmar in 2012 to convene a conference of Buddhist scholars in Yangon.
Just when it seemed that Buddhism was becoming part of Sino-Indian rivalry, Modi came along to insist that the religion could be a valuable bond between Delhi and Beijing. At his first meeting with President Xi on the margins of the BRICS summit in Brazil and in his conversations with the Chinese president in Ahmedabad, Modi spent much time talking about the shared heritage of Buddhism.
Buddhist exchanges between independent India and communist China ceased only during the disastrous continued…

View from the left: Agenda UnmaskedWritten by Ruhi Tewari |
Posted: December 3, 2014 1:04 am
Claiming that former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the “mask the RSS needed then to attract political allies to form the government at the Centre”, the CPM’s People’s Democracy has said the RSS no longer needs such a mask with Narendra Modi as prime minister. “With the BJP now securing a majority on its own under the leadership of Narendra Modi, albeit with a mere 31 per cent of the polled vote, the need for such a mukhota seems to have become unnecessary for the RSS,” an editorial states.
“If any reconfirmation of this was ever necessary, it has now come.
Addressing the inaugural session of the three-day World Hindu Congress on November 21 at New Delhi, Ashok Singhal, VHP leader, hailed Narendra Modi for leading the BJP to victory in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls and said that power had returned to a ‘Hindu swabhimani (proud Hindu)’ in Delhi after eight centuries,” it adds. It also believes that Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh “confirmed this unmasking” when he recently said that the RSS is not an external force.
The editorial alleges that a “revamp of the educational system to promote ‘Hindu’ values” is underway. “The RSS had always used its control of the Central government to change the syllabus and rewrite Indian history accordingly,” it states. “The recourse to promote obscurantism and religious fanaticism is aimed at buttressing communal polarisation through the spread of hate against the religious minorities particularly the Muslim minorities. Clearly, the RSS/ BJP have embarked on a concerted effort to completely change the country’s education system and to make it patently conducive for the propagation and advance of a ‘Hindu Rashtra’,” it adds.
Empty promises
The CPI’s New Age says that the first six months of the Modi government has been “marked by [a] game of figures to hoodwink people”.
“A day before the start of the winter session of Parliament, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was boasting that India will achieve a GDP growth rate of 8.5 per cent. He projected a very rosy picture of the economy. The very next day, newspapers carried reports that in the second quarter of the Modi regime, the GDP growth rate has come down by half a point,” an editorial says.
It also accuses the government of remaining “mum” on inflation. This silence, it argues, also “applies to the issue of bringing back the black money stashed away in foreign banks. During the campaign for the Lok Sabha elections, Narendra Modi had promised to bring back the entire black money within a hundred days of assuming power… Now he says he does not continued…

John Boehner Plots A Way Around A Government ShutdownJohn Boehner Plots A Way Around A Government Shutdown
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) stepped back on Tuesday from an immediate confrontation with President Barack Obama over immigration, taxes and funding the government, deferring a showdown until a new Republican Congress is sworn in next year.
Though no plans have been formally announced, early reports suggest that House Republicans will pass the yearly massive appropriations bill to fund the government through next year, since current funding runs through Dec. 11. But they want to break out funding for the Department of Homeland Security and pass that as a continuing resolution, keeping the funding for the agency at current levels until March. Their strategy to get through the lame-duck session also includes the possibility of a disapproval vote on the president's executive action on immigration.
The decision to separate DHS funding from the rest of the budget is purely political. Republicans will control the Senate come 2015, in addition to having an increased majority in the House. That additional leverage could be funneled into a confrontation with Obama over his move to shield up to 5 million undocumented immigrants from deportation.
"No decisions have been made at this point," Boehner said in a Capitol Hill news conference after his conference met Tuesday morning, when asked if this was his game plan. The speaker added that he and his members would look at a variety of options in the lame-duck session and emphasized that they still believe that the president's move on immigration represents an egregious overstepping of his authority.
"We don't believe that the president has the authority to do what he did," Boehner said. "This is a serious breach of our Constitution. It is a serious threat to our system of government. And frankly, we have limited options and limited abilities to deal with it directly."
Should House Republicans pursue the so-called Cromnibus, or continuing resolution and omnibus, it would be a victory for the speaker, who has had difficulty keeping his fractious, tea party-driven conference in line in past budget battles.
"I think they understand it is going to be difficult to make meaningful action as long as we have Democratic control of the Senate," Boehner said, suggesting that he had, indeed, put a lid on intra-party angst. GOP leadership has also reportedly headed off an attempt to vote on the House floor on whether to censure the president for his immigration executive action.
But minutes after Boehner's statement, several more conservative members made it clear that they weren't eager to play along.
Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R-Kan.) characterized the Cromnibus as a "punt," and Rep. John Fleming (R-La.) said he would likely oppose the idea unless the length of the continuing resolution for DHS funding was shortened.
"Why not vote on it the first day we are back when we do get all our troops in the Senate?" he asked.
Conservatives outside Congress weren't entirely pleased with reports that a fight over the president's immigration policy would be punted until March. Dan Holler, the communications director for the influential Heritage Action Fund, called the procedural move a "blank check" for amnesty.
"Putting an expiration date on DHS funding does not do anything to block the President’s executive actions – it allows them to proceed for several months unchecked," said Holler. "It is essentially a promise to fight at a later date, but that promised has not been defined or articulated clearly. Most significantly, GOP leaders have not promised to use the appropriations process to stop the actions come March. Hard to see how any of this lines up as taking a stand against the President and preparing to block his actions."
Heritage Action, Holler added, would be communicating their disapproval with the idea to House Republican offices.
Democrats, likewise, don't seem particularly eager to give Boehner cover for such a move. Leadership was expected to address Boehner's comments later in the day. But at roughly the same time the speaker made his remarks, Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson was urging Congress to act on the administration's appropriations request instead of extending funding for the agency until March.
"That is, in my judgment, a very bad idea for Homeland Security, because during that period of the CR we do not engage in new starts," he said Tuesday morning, speaking before the House Committee on Homeland Security. "We've got some Homeland Security priorities that need to be funded now."
Johnson said should Congress only pass a short-term continuing resolution, he would be unable to hire new Secret Service agents needed ahead of the 2016 presidential elections. A funding bill that stretched only to March would also harm the agency's ability to fund its new detention facility in Texas, he said.
"I need the help of Congress to support and build upon border security that I believe all of you support," he said.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters later Tuesday that Obama would oppose any bills that would undo his executive actions on immigration, though he did not say whether the president would veto a bill with short-term funding for DHS. But he said the White House wants to see government funding for the full year and for the full government.
"The administration believes that it's the responsibility of Congress to pass a full year budget for the federal government, and that is what we would like to see them do," he said. "We'd like to see them pass that full-year budget for the full government. As I think I said yesterday, we're not asking them to do anything heroic, we're asking them to do their job."
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), meanwhile, indicated Tuesday afternoon that Democrats would be open to approving a short-term funding bill for DHS. He said Senate Democrats would have to see whether other measures got attached to such a funding bill, but he did not rule out allowing a vote.
"I think it's kind of unfortunate they're talking about not doing Homeland Security, but that's the way it is, and we'll have to wait and see," he said.
Reid said he would not allow for a Senate vote if the House sent over a bill stating disapproval with Obama's executive actions on immigration.
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), one of the co-authors of the 2013 Senate immigration bill, expressed initial support for the House GOP's plan to approve short-term funding for DHS and separately vote to voice their disapproval with Obama's actions.
"I think it's a good idea," McCain told The Huffington Post on Tuesday.
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), another co-author of the Senate bill, declined to weigh in on a potential disapproval vote in the House, saying he would need to see the language first. But he said he, too, disapproves of the executive action, "not just because of what it does but primarily because of the precedent that it sets."
Rubio added that the best response for Republicans would be to begin working on immigration reform, pointing out that Obama could veto any measures designed to strip funding from immigration-related activities.
"I don't necessarily think that would be a bad thing to do, I just don't know how tactically you do it," Rubio said. "I'm in favor of it, but I certainly don't necessarily think it would be the most effective way of getting to a result. I think the better result would be to supersede what he did by passing our own measures on immigration that deals with the problem in its totality."
This article was updated after publication with comments from Josh Earnest and Harry Reid. Sabrina Siddiqui contributed reporting.
Also on HuffPost:

Another girl sexually assaulted in Bangalore schoolPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
A three-year-old girl was allegedly sexually assaulted twice in the premises of a private school in Bangalore in the fifth such incident in as many months.
The accused, a school attendant, was arrested on November 30 after the mother of the victim registered a police complaint, City Police Commissioner M N Reddi said here.
In the complaint filed on November 29, the mother alleged that the child was sexually abused twice on October 22 and November 26, Reddi said.
The attendant has been booked under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act and Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code (relating to punishment for rape).
The latest incident comes weeks after the sexual assault of a six-year-old girl in a school by a Hindi teacher who was arrested.
In another incident in October, an office assistant in a school here was arrested for sexual assault of a three-and-a-half-year girl.
An eight-year-old girl was allegedly sexually assaulted by her 63-year-old teacher inside her school premises over a period of time with the offence coming to light in early August, barely a month after the rape of a six-year-old girl at ‘Vibgyor High’ school here.
The series of incidents of sexual assault of minor girls in schools in Bangalore has led to concerns over safety of children.
Police had issued safety guidelines for schools, which in many cases have been found to be observing them in the breach.

Crisil downgrades Pratibha Inds; stock cracks 10%Clean Ganga project
(We are waiting for this opportunity.…)
In an interview with ET Now, Ravi Kulkarni, WholeTime Director, Pratibha Group of Companies, shares his business outlook and talks about the opportunities that lie ahead for the Group. Excerpts:
ET Now: The potential size of the Clean Ganga Project alone is huge. How big is the opportunity for a company such as Pratibha?
Ravi Kulkarni: Our company works a lot in this sector. The Clean Ganga Project is a big opportunity for us and we are already doing a project with DJB, which is a sewerage network. This makes us qualified for this the whole Ganga concept. It is important for a company like us to participate in such projects because the entire budget of this project is huge. It is a tremendous opportunity not only for Pratibha, but a lot of other companies working in this space.
ET Now: What are the rime lines here and what is the size of the opportunity for a company like yours? You mentioned you are into the sewage aspect as well. That would probably be the first of the legs to kicks off?
Ravi Kulkarni: If you talk only about Ganga, then there is an opportunity of around Rs 30,000-40,000 crore, but the overall sector has tremendous opportunities as we are yet to reach out to the rural India.
There is a lot of opportunity in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, and Bihar. So you cannot talk only about Ganga. Ganga is only given importance because of the significance it holds. Overall when you see the sector, it has a lot of potential which can take care of a lot of companies.
We at Pratibha are eyeing a big pie because the sector is very close to us. This is our core sector, this is where our revenue comes from. So we are waiting for this opportunity. Of the Rs 30,000-40,000-crore chunk, we are at least eyeing Rs 2000-3000 crore from it.
ET Now: Where Pratibha Industries is currently because there has just been a CRISIL downgrade coming in? They have downgraded your stock ratings to negative right now. How would you defend that?
Ravi Kulkarni: There is a lot of stress in the market and it is not only Pratibha, but a lot of other companies which are going through that stress.
We are aware of what is happening in the market. That is why we are very aggressive on securing projects. We have recently secured an overseas contract which will take a little bit of that stress.
We are committed to our shareholders and we will deliver them. About stress, we will come out of this in another two to three months. We have tightened up our shoes for execution and are bidding aggressively. We are securing contracts at a decent rate and at a decent margin which is very important today.
Of course, ratings at times will go down and sometimes they will come up. As of now, we have been a company which is consistent in performance. It is because of the recent laws which have changed that we are under stress. In fact, the best of the companies are under stress. So we are not out from that group, we are in the same group, but definitely we will pick up. That is what we also believe in.
 
ET Now: A Crisil note which has just come out today says that you have completed the sale of the Saw Pipe division and are looking to sell other non-core assets as well as raising equity through qualified institutional placement. Can you give us some updates there because that will probably give a bit of view to your shareholders?
Ravi Kulkarni: When the topic rises about selling our assets which are of no use for us, we are definitely selling them. We have already sold our pipe mill, which has given us a little ease. We have some other assets which need to be sold and we are doing it.
Markets were not good earlier, but now things are picking up. Things are a little slow because it is the construction business. It is not magic.
ET Now: It is a difficult business we understand. So tell us about the order book. You mentioned about the immense opportunity from...
Ravi Kulkarni: Our strategy is very clear now and we will stick to our core business, which is water and waste water. It is a priority for the country also and, that is what we are doing.
We recently bagged an order from Sri Lanka, which is a Rs 1,100-crore water pipeline. So, we trying our level best to take up jobs which are at decent rate and can put us back to the track. It is just that we have lost a little bit of the way which we will come back on. We see things moving very fast for us now.
ET Now: Just before we wrap up, what happens over the next 12 months? Does your revenue look better than what it right now?
Ravi Kulkarni: I am 101% sure it will be better because we have tightened up execution in a very aggressive manner. Our MD is bent upon that execution has to be done in a most appropriate and professional manner, which we are doing. There were certain delays on our side, which we accept. It is not a hidden story. We are a construction company and everything is visible. We will come back to our original position and we will try to give better revenue to our people.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rahul Gandhi vows to help Narendra Modi  but...Peshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Just by adopting a village and projecting it as a “model” one will not solve the problems being faced by over six lakh villages in the country, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi today said while referring to Centre’s ‘Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana’.
“The Central government scheme has been launched…I had to choose a village but there are 700 villages in my Constituency.
“My belief is that along with Amethi’s, people of all the 6.50 lakh villages of the country should be strengthened,” Gandhi said while speaking in Jagdhispur village selected by him under the scheme.
The Congress leader called for empowering villagers rather than villages.
“The situation in all the villages will not change by selecting one village…if the villages have to be changed, villagers would have to be given strength,” Gandhi who arrived on two-day visit here said.
But, at the same time, Gandhi assured that he will extend his help for the success of the scheme but the “schemes should not be forced on villagers.”
“But, if the scheme has been brought why must I not help you,” Rahul said adding that he wants the villages to develop but schemes, telling them how to behave, should not be forced on them.
Pointing to the district officials including District Magistrate Mahendra Kumar who were present on the occasion, the Congress MP said,”nothing was known about the funds for the scheme” and sought to know from where the budget would come.
On his decision of selecting Jagdishpur, Gandhi said that Akhilesh Pratap Singh, an Air Force officer from this village, had laid down his life during the rescue operations in Uttarakhand floods and he had come here then also to pay homage.
“I decided to adopt it to pay respect to his memory and his sacrifice,” Gandhi said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had launched ‘Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana’ on the occasion of birth anniversary of Jai Prakash Narayan as was promised in his maiden Independence Day speech.
Launching the scheme, Modi had said that if nearly 800 MPs develop three village each by 2019, around 2,500 villages will be covered in the country and the initiative will change the face of the country by chain reaction.
At the Amausi airport in Lucknow, where he landed this morning before driving to Raebareli, he told reporters that comments made by Union minister Niranjana Jyoti, were “very wrong”.
Jyoti yesterday stoked a controversy by allegedly making communal remarks and using an expletive in an election rally here, leaving the BJP and the government embarrassed.
Earlier, Gandhi paid a visit to the house of senior Congressman TN Tripathi and offered his condolences on the death of his son about 10 days ago.
“In this hour of loss me and my family is with you.. the pain of losing a son is much more than losing ones father.. ,” the bereaved family quoted Gandhi as saying.

7 sandalwood face packs to get gorgeous naturally7 Best Sandalwood Face Packs To Get Gorgeous Naturally
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Mon 1 Dec, 2014 2:00 PM IST
Share 0
Sandalwood or chandan can be a one-stop solution for all your skin problems. Used in a variety of ways, it can help controlling oil secretion, skin dryness, pimples, dark circles, etc. What's more? It also helps you in achieving a radiantly glowing skin.
So, here are some amazing sandalwood face packs that you must try.
#1. Say goodbye to dryness
If your skin is dry, then try this face pack that balances the natural pH level of the skin. Make a smooth paste using three teaspoons each of sandalwood oil and milk powder, and a teaspoon of rose water.
Must Read:  7 Aloe Vera Face Packs for Fair and Radiant Skin
Apply this paste on your face and let it be for around 15-20 minutes, and then wash it off with normal water. The sandalwood oil and milk will nourish your skin with the moisture it requires, and the rose water will act as a toner. Follow this remedy every day, so as to get well-hydrated and glowing skin.
Recommended Read: 8 Best Homemade Face Packs for Brides with Dry Skin
#2. Let the dark circles vainsh
For any soon-to-be bride, there can be nothing more horrifying than the dark circles as the wedding day comes closer.
Cure it at home by making a paste of sandalwood powder and rose water. Apply this under the eyes before sleeping, and wash it off in the morning.
Also Read:  6 Things You Must Know Before You Go for Trousseau Shopping
#3. Mission oil control
Sandalwood provides cure not only for the dry skin, but also for the oily skin. So, to curb the excess secretion of oil from your skin, here is an excellent sandalwood face pack for you.
Mix one tablespoon of sandalwood powder and one tablespoon of fuller’s earth (multani mitti) with rose water. The amount of rose water should be sufficient to ensure that the paste is neither too thick nor too thin. Now, apply this paste on your face, and wait for around 20-30 minutes and wash it off with normal water. Apply this face pack at least thrice a week to enjoy smooth, fresh and non-greasy skin.
While this is a very effective way to take care of your oily skin, here are  6 More Ways to Get Rid of Oily Skin Naturally
#4. No more pimples and acne
This is a very effective remedy to cure pimples and acne. All you need is one tablespoon each of sandalwood powder and turmeric powder, and three tablespoons of rose water. Now, mix these ingredients well to make a smooth paste and apply it on your face.
Wash this paste after 20 minutes of application. This pack not only clears the existing pimples and acne from your face, but also prevents any occurrence in future. Apply this paste daily to get radiant and blemish-free skin. Watch this video to know more about this remedy:
Video Courtesy: network1grooming Youtube Channel
Recommended Read: 25 Common Wedding Planning Mistakes You Must Avoid
#5. Anti-tanning agent
A paste of lemon juice from half a lemon and four teaspoons of sandalwood powder can be the perfect solution to all your tanning issues.
It will soothe the skin as well as lighten it. However, it is not recommended to the brides who have skin irritation or inflammation, as the lemon juice might further exaggerate the problem.
In case you wish to keep changing the ingredients of your 'fairness regime', then here are  7 Incredible Lemon Face Masks For Brides to Have Fairer Skin Tone .
#6. Look fair and lovely
This is an excellent remedy for those aspiring for a fairer skin tone, irrespective of their skin types. Simply use sandalwood oil if you have dry skin; and sandalwood powder in case your skin is oily.Make a smooth paste using one tablespoon of gram flour, one tablespoon of sandalwood oil/powder, one teaspoon of turmeric, and rose water. 
Apply this paste on your face and let it dry. Wash your face after 15-20 minutes. Use this face pack regularly so as to attain glowing and fairer complexion.
Must Read:  5 Best Spas in Delhi for Brides to Get Pampered
#7. Let age just be a number
This face pack ensures that sandalwood stays in your beauty regime not only till your wedding, but after that as well. The antioxidants and the anti-inflammatory agents present in sandalwood helps to improve blood circulation. It also helps to detoxify the skin and prevents the formation of free radicals that cause wrinkles. Hence, sandalwood is an excellent natural anti-ageing .
Just take two teaspoons each of sandalwood powder and fuller’s earth (multani mitti). Add one teaspoon each of lemon and rose water to make a smooth paste. Apply this on your face and let it dry. Wash it off with cold water once the pack dries up. Apply this face pack at least twice every week for an ever-young skin.
Recommended Read: Expert Health and Beauty Tips for Busy Brides to Get Glowing Skin
Having solution for almost all type of skin problems, sandalwood or chandan certainly is a magical ingredient. So, what are you waiting for? Simply use the combination that works best for you, and get ready to flaunt a flawless face on your wedding.
You may also like:

Ex-Diageo chief lined up as F1 chairman© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f92d6836-7aed-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US stocks: Dow  S&P 500 end at record highs on upbeat dataDow
(The Dow and S&P 500 ended…)
NEW YORK: US stocks rose on Wednesday, with both the Dow and S&P 500 ending at records, as data pointed to improving conditions in the US services sector, boosting cyclical stocks.
Both the Dow and S&P also ticked to intraday records in a quiet session, with many traders looking ahead to tomorrow's key meeting of the European Central Bank.
Cyclical stocks, tied to the pace of economic growth, led on the day, with industrials, materials and energy all up more than 1 per cent. Telecom, utilities and consumer staples declined; all are viewed as defensive plays.
The rise in energy came alongside a 0.8 per cent rise in the price of crude oil. While the sector rose for a third straight day - up 3.2 per cent over that period - it is the only industry group to be negative for 2014.
Cimarex Energy was one of the S&P 500's top gainers, up 5.1 per cent at $108.17. Diamond Offshore rose 3.6 per cent to $31.44.
"Energy is the undervalued sector of the market, but trying to call the bottom of oil prices is like trying to catch a falling knife. There's value to be had, but also might be some more pain along the way," said Joseph Quinlan, chief market strategist at US Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management in New York.
A gauge of growth in the US services sector rose more than expected in November even as its employment component dipped, according to ISM, while Markit's reading of the sector showed growth, though as a slower clip.
Momentum is building for the ECB to launch a program of sovereign-bond buying to boost the bloc's struggling economy, with most signs pointing to March for a decision. The ECB meets on Thursday.
"We're looking for any stimulus, and are vulnerable to no additional actions being taken," said Quinlan, who helps oversee $330 billion in assets. "We'll feel more confident about global prospects if we have a more proactive ECB."
After the market closed, Aeropostale Inc shares dropped 6 per cent to $3 after its third-quarter results.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 33.07 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 17,912.62, the S&P 500 gained 7.78 points, or 0.38 per cent, to 2,074.33 and the Nasdaq Composite
added 18.66 points, or 0.39 per cent, to 4,774.47.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,012 to 1,079, for a 1.86-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,674 issues rose and 1,036 fell, for a 1.62-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 113 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 139 new highs and 72 new lows.
About 6.1 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://bit.ly/1ybmIDmSexist or Sexiest? New Detergent Is for Real Men Only
Do manly messes require manly soap?
December 02, 2014
Do men really need their own laundry detergent? A couple of Maryland-based entrepreneurs seem to think so.
The product is called Real , and it's a detergent that promises to be tough on stains and odors while simultaneously promoting gender equality in the laundry room. How does it do that, you may be justifiably asking? With scents inspired by top men’s colognes and a classy bottle, of course.
Classy. View Larger
The Frey brothers are trying to make Real a reality with a Kickstarter funding campaign. Of course, since there’s no demonstration of Real’s cleaning power, funding it only makes sense if you agree with the Freys' theory that men need a detergent all their own.
To their credit, the siblings rightly point out that laundry-related consumer goods are primarily marketed to women—a finding we’ve previously covered at some length. Their project was born from frustration that there is no detergent that speaks to the millions of males that wash their own clothes. (A frustration this writer has never personally felt, but to each his own.)
Real is designed to address that need by including all the things men (apparently) want in a laundry detergent. For one thing, its packaging makes heavy use of black and red, eschewing the pastels normally associated with detergent bottles. At a glance, you might mistake it for a bottle of motor oil or some other manly car fluid.
Then there's its scent, derived from a mixture of sandalwood, oak, frankincense, bergamot, and leather—like something you might find in Ron Burgundy's library.
At a glance, you might mistake Real for a bottle of motor oil or some other manly car fluid.
Bottles of the finished product already exist, created as samples for potential vendors. Kickstarter backers will get some of that limited supply, while the rest of us will have to wait until the stuff goes into commercial production.
But at the end of the day, do laundry needs between the sexes really differ that much? Not all men lead active lifestyles that call for a stronger detergent. And while challenging established gender roles is a noble endeavor, Real's message gets diluted when it implies that "real" men should be "adventurers, athletes, professionals, and rebels."
Hero image: Flickr user “n1ct4yl0r” (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
Tide Original Scent, 50-Ounce
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

Google to introduce child-friendly versions of products like YouTube  Chrome: ReportThe company will likely create specific versions of its search, YouTube and Chrome products for children aged 12 and under, the report said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Google Inc plans to roll out child-friendly versions of its most popular products in a bid to be "fun and safe for children", USA Today reported, quoting Pavni Diwanji , the company's vice president of engineering.
The company will likely create specific versions of its search, YouTube and Chrome products for children aged 12 and under, USA Today reported, adding that Google did not provide a timeline for the rollout.
"We want to be thoughtful about what we do, giving parents the right tools to oversee their kids' use of our products," USA Today quoted Diwanji as saying.
A Google spokesperson declined to comment, but confirmed that the effort described in the report was accurate.

J&K assembly elections: Massive turnout shows urge for change  says FM Arun JaitleyArun Jaitley
(“We cannot change the…)
SRINAGAR: Asserting that borders cannot be re-drawn, Finance Minister Arun Jaitely has said the urge for change that people of Jammu and Kashmir exhibited by participating in elections in huge numbers must be respected. He said that the nation has evolved an efficient system of managing petty violence and insurgency in the state.
The minister, also a key advisor on Kashmir affairs, said 67 years were lost in debating the constitutional power-sharing between Centre and the state government and it has cost the common man dear. While the debate could continue, the interests of common man should not be compromised. "Kashmir is an integral part of this country, and Pakistan will have to accept it," Jaitely told a civil society gathering in Srinagar , aimed at garnering votes. "Regardless of what she (Pakistan) does, she can never get any part of our country. The times in which borders could have been changed do not exist now. Borders can not be re-written, borders shall remain borders."
Vajpayee, he said, had also visited Lahore to convey that histories and not geographies could change. "We cannot change the neighbour but we can change the engagement," Jaitely quoted Vajpayee saying, a line that remains unchanged.
Jaitley said that a country where one-sixth of humanity lives is a surging economic and military power which has successfully evolved the system to fight terrorism and manage insurgencies. "Even the people who wielded gun know this," he said. "The global appetite for violence is also over."
He said violence victimises the common man and prevents investment and progress, a situation Kashmir is confronted with. The minister said the people who return to mainstream from separatism will be heard. "We will talk to them with our hearts open," he said.
Jaitley said the common man wanted security of life, a remedy for injustices, development, jobs and livelihoods. Massive turnout in polls was the common man's response to the situation and conveyed his urge to change and come out of the miseries of the past, he said. "These are the issues that need to be tackled. There might be political differences but there should not be differences on the integrity of the country, making India progress fast and tackling injustice".
"Kashmir is changing as it has rejected the people preaching boycott," Jaitely said while congratulating the people. "It is a message that they have chosen the power of vote to decide their future and also sent a loud message to the world." He said the power of vote has been used shunning the option of using gun for a change.
"Humanity says that India is the biggest democracy where everybody is equal and if somebody tries to break it, we have to act against him," Jaitely said. "After Modi took over as Prime Minister every small and big incident s monitored and justice done." He refereed to recent incident in which army killed two youth and left two others injured. "Prime Minister told me to look into it and within two hours I apologized on twitter which is unprecedented," Jaitely said. "We ensured justice within less than a month and asked the army to compensate it."
Jaitely was speaking to an invited audience of tour professionals, trade bodies and private producers associated with TV for garnering votes to his party. He asked them to vote and give "a national party" full majority so that Kashmir's immense resources could be fully exploited for its growth and benefit. He said people must come out of the past and contribute to the change that is taking place in the state. "Kashmir is beautiful and it has less population than the resources it has in water sector, tourism, handicrafts and agriculture," Jaitely said. "All these resources can be used to affect a major change."
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1CG7xKeFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Report: DEA failed to act on phony financial planner
WASHINGTON—For years, the Drug Enforcement Administration failed to act on warnings related to the erratic conduct of a Florida money manager who used his contract with the federal law enforcement agency to
Post to Facebook
Report: DEA failed to act on phony financial planner WASHINGTON—For years, the Drug Enforcement Administration failed to act on warnings related to the erratic conduct of a Florida money manager who used his contract with the federal law enforcement agency to Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zRvjgy
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Report: DEA failed to act on phony financial planner
Kevin Johnson , USA TODAY 5:22 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) Administrator Michele Leonhart.
(Photo: DEA)
49 CONNECT 9 TWEET 57 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON — For years, the Drug Enforcement Administration failed to act on warnings related to the conduct of a Florida money manager who used his agency contract to improperly solicit dozens of  employees and diverted millions in their retirement savings to fuel a lavish lifestyle and Ponzi  scheme, a Justice Department review found.
Kenneth "Wayne'' McLeod, according to a 91-page review by the Justice Department's inspector general, took in at least $15 million in investments from DEA employees or those who had some link to the agency during nearly two decades. He committed suicide four years ago while being pursued by investigators with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
McLeod conducted at least 130 retirement and financial planning seminars for the DEA, though he had little or no formal training and embellished his educational background, claiming that he held a law degree and was a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania's prestigious Wharton School.
"We found no evidence that any of these claims were true,'' the inspector general's report said.
Despite the gaping holes in his personal résumé, McLeod won nearly unlimited access to an eager pool of prospective private clients whose favor he curried by donating more than $200,000 to an agency fund benefiting survivors of DEA agents and showering some investors with trips to the Super Bowl, tax-preparation services, subsidized mortgages and other gifts.
Some of the seven DEA employees who accepted Super Bowl invitations also were treated to free air travel to the game sites, lodging and other transportation-related benefits worth thousands of dollars.
"We were particularly concerned by the conduct of two DEA employees who accepted gifts from McLeod even though they were involved to some extent in assisting him to obtain speaking engagements with the DEA,'' the report concluded.
In a written response to the inspector general, the DEA declined to address the alleged misconduct, indicating that an investigation is continuing.
"The DEA will consider the evidence compiled by the (inspector general),'' acting Deputy Chief Inspector Michael Dixon said. "Upon completion of the DEA's investigation, the DEA will consider disciplinary action if warranted.''
Dixon, however, said the agency was implementing the inspector general's recommendations aimed at improving the vetting of financial instructors and establish guidelines for future financial planning seminars.
DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart told Justice investigators that in previous positions with the agency she encountered McLeod, who in 1998 provided a financial analysis involving her benefits. Though she described McLeod as the "best teacher of the retirement system,'' she also characterized him as a "used car salesman'' and was put off by the money manager's penchant for name-dropping.
"She said that as a result, she never became a client,'' the report stated.
One agent who invested nearly $300,000 in McLeod's fund said that he and other colleagues chose to "ignore'' occasional questions about how McLeod was able to promise  large investment returns and how the money was being managed.
"You would say to yourself, 'How could he rip DEA off?' '' the agent told Justice investigators, according to the report. "We'd kill him. … Who would have the brass to do it to law enforcement?And at the back of your mind, there's a little voice that goes off and we chose to ignore it because you saw bosses who were involved and things like that.''
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zRvjgy
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Foreign firms line up for Indian insurance brokingForeign firms line up for Indian insurance broking
Worst is over for India: Deutsche BankWorst is over for India: Deutsche Bank
Govt sets up high-level panel on tax issuesGovt sets up high-level panel on tax issues
India  Japan can cooperate in ICT  says Ravi Shankar PrasadIndia  Japan can cooperate in ICT  says Ravi Shankar Prasad
Watch Live as Family of Eric Garner Addresses Grand Jury Decisionwatch live as family of eric garner addresses grand jury decision
How are you arriving at capital employed  as i have a different defini...235 Followers
Alphaview ji:
While duscussing the pro`s and cons of Jayant Agro Organics as a stock worth investing, everybody`s concern is: "its a 2% Net Profit margin business.." One wrong step all your profits are "Zero" Its a high risk investment.
Well lets look at a hypothetical business with 2% profit margin and say your investment is Rs100/= and you make 2% profit on it. that`s Sales: 100/= Net Profit 2/=
Net Profit Margin: Profit/Sales = 2/100 = 2%
Return On Capital Employed: Profit/Capital employed = 2/100 = 2%
well now consider one small change suppose 100/= is the sales done in 1 month then..
Annual (12 months sales)= 12 x 100 = 1200/=
Annual (12 months profit) = 12 x 2 = 24/=
Now the key is to understand how much capital is employed,
here the 100/= bucks capital is free after the first month to be used again in next 11 months so actual capital employed is only  100/= , lets calculate Net Profit margin and Return on capital employed
Net Profit margin = Profit / Sales = 24/1200 = 2%
Return on Capital Employed = Profit/Capital employed = 24/100 = 24%
So the 2% profit margin business, since it can sell its inventory & reinvest the capital again 12 times a year, capital employed actually gets a return of 24%
====================
http://t.in.com/1JKr
On first glance 2% looks peanuts .. but the real story is the ROCE which indicates how profitable Jayant Agro`s business model is..
21 yrs of continious dividend payment by Jayant Agro shows the facts about underlying business fundamentals.. in this 21 yrs we have seen financial crisis.. gulf war.. droughts .. and all along  jayant Agro being a agro based company has reported profits and exports..
"Star Trading House" given by govt of India is given to large exporters like "ITC", "BHEL", "BioCon", "Aditya Birla Nuvo", "Bosch", Cipla, cummins india, Graphite india, Hindustan Unilever, IPCA, L&T, MRF..
----------------------
well considering the initial investors in Jayant Agro who invested in  rs10 face value stock.. has received dividends worth 56Cr in 21 yrs thats about rs 186/= per share for 21 yrs.. and that`s Rs8/= per share..
cmp 142/= is rs 5 stock..
original facevalue: 10.. so current stock price: 280/=
40% bonus equity current value= 112/=
so every 10 rs face value stock current value is 392/=
186rs dividend ie 578/=
===================
So every Rs10/= if sold at current market price has given initial investors578/= that`s 57.8 times return in 21 yrs...
and still the stock is quoting at PE of 6/=
===================
SKM starting capital was 16Cr  current reserves: 26.8Cr in 18yrs No bonus, dividend paid: Rs 3.9/= per share(Rs 10 face value of initial capital)
Jayant agro starting capital was 3cr current reserves: 201Cr in 21 yrs, Bonus 1:1, dividend paid: 186/= per share (Rs 10 face value of initial shares)
====================
MCap of SKM egg: 276Cr
MCap of Jayant Agro: 214Cr
====================
Dr. Alexander Elder a well known Trader has said.. humans have been hunters and gatheres which was a dangerous activity (possibility of death ) and used to give an adrenalin rush.. but today`s working lifestyle of desk jobs does not provide any such adrenaline rush.. so people invest in stocks and become traders to get that adrenalin rush.. or do adventure sports
http://t.in.com/dMXr
===================
look at the big picture.. SKM is a junk stock.. other such junk stocks agro-dutch, orient beverages, regency ceramics..
=happy investing
In reply to : AlphaView message
10.56 PM Dec 3rd

Big move may start any day.......Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Please ensure all india uniform price for gas  i believe all consumer ...Platinum Member
14 Followers
Please ensure all India Uniform price for gas, I believe all consumer companies have neutralized sales tax by adjusting basic prices. I am surprised that IOC with brilliant brains and highly paid executives are unable to implement this. One India one price whether Gas Petrol or any other petroleum product. Second Direct bank transfer scheme is going to be a huge scam of unmanageable proportion please refrain from it. I am suggesting better formula with all India pricing Rs 450 for DG for 15 kg, Rs 500 for open market gas of 10 kg & 20 kg at 1800. This will ensure parity and transperancy, otherwise gas distributors, blackmarketers, swindlers etc will make use of your current formula to loot. Please in the interest of the nation avoid. I am a civil defence personnel and ex Indianoil officers son, who was in Manjunath mould fighting the oil mafia tooth and nail against his bosses
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
6.15 AM Dec 4th

jay ..woh har mahina thoda thoda thok mein monthly ration ki terah k...684 Followers
Reposted about 3 days 5 hrs 30 min 9 sec ago by headsett
Jay ..Woh har mahina thoda thoda thok mein monthly ration ki terah khareedi karta hai...has said that in an earlier post here on the week end ,you seem to have missed it ..hum wholesale kay vyappari hain ..sooch smajh kar bada davn lagatey hain ...both techniques work ...Anand ka style reduces risk but the average buy price is high , I measure risk by using my financial expertise.. Z Score , Project Risk Assessment Techniques used by bankers help..and deploy funds accordingly ..rgds

Opposition guns for Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti  Govt rejects resignation demandPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
For the second day running, opposition paralysed the functioning of Rajya Sabha pressing their demand for the sacking of Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her hate speech and gave clear indications of further trouble today unless the government yields.
Trouble started on the issue as soon as both the Houses met for the day at 11 AM with members of opposition parties like Trinamool Congress, Congress and RSP shouting slogans.
With Prime Minister Narendra Modi present in the Lok Sabha after his visits, both domestic and foreign, opposition members vociferously pressed for a statement from him. They questioned as to how he was allowing a minister, who uses such “abusive” language, to remain in his ministry.
BJP members countered strongly the opposition attack on Jyoti, who was present in the House.
Rejecting the opposition demand, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said the matter has ended as she has already apologised and the Prime Minister has disapproved of her comments.
Upset over the government response, opposition members, including those from Congress, TMC and Left staged a walkout.
Normalcy returned to the House from Zero Hour onwards.
Proceedings of the Rajya Sabha, however, were washed out for the second day as opposition created pandemonium demanding Jyoti’s resignation.
Opposition attacked the Prime Minister, saying he was not coming to the House to speak on the issue. They wanted him to announce the “sacking” of the minister.
Trouble is expected again tomorrow when Prime Minister Modi will be present for answering questions relating to departments under his charge.
Naidu appealed to the opposition not to disrupt proceedings, saying they can talk out and walk out but “let there be no break out”.
Naidu’s appeal comes amidst no immediate signs of a breakthrough in the impasse with the government rejecting calls for Jyoti to resign from her post.
“The question does not arise at all. There is no question of the minister resigning at all,” Naidu told reporters while also ruling out any apology from Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the row.
Earlier in the morning, Ashwani Kumar (Cong), who has given notice for a discussion, said the issue concerns the entire nation and accused the Minister of “abusing” everyone.
“Such comments can divide the nation,” he said, demanding Modi’s presence in the House and announcement about the minister’s sacking.
The House was adjourned four times in the pre-lunch sitting and twice again in the post-lunch period due to the opposition uproar, before it was adjourned for the day a little before 3 PM.
Deputy Leader of Congress in Rajya Sabha Anand Sharma said the remarks made by the minister is “not only a cognisable but also compoundable offence” under section 153(A) of the IPC and demanded that the Prime Minister should come to the House and inform it that the minister has been sacked.
Section 153(A) of the IPC deals with the offence of promoting enmity between different groups on ground of religion, race, place of birth, residence and language and doing acts prejudicial to maintenance of harmony.
“We are not seeking any apology. The minister should be sacked. This is an insult to the Constitution. The Prime Minister should inform the House that the minister has been sacked,” Sharma said.
Opposition members alleged that Sadhvi Jyoti had “violated” the Constitution as her controversial utterances were against the word “secular” and its spirit as enshrined in the Constitution.
The entire Opposition was up on its feet from the word go and its members stormed the Well while raising slogans demanding the minister’s dismissal.
Naidu rejected the demand citing controversial remarks made in the past by leaders from other parties as well.
Countering the opposition, he referred to an incident during UPA rule when a central minister had allegedly made derogatory comments against Atal Bihari Vajpayee, which had led the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to apologise in the House as the minister had refused to do so.
Naidu also reminded the protesting Trinamool Congress MPs about the reported remarks of party MP Tapas Pal at a public meeting where he had allegedly threatened CPI-M cadres and their family members with rape and violence.
Members from Congress, SP and JD(U) trooped into the Well while those from CPI-M, CPI and Trinamool Congress were on their feet rejecting the government’s argument that the matter should be treated as closed since the minister has already expressed regret.

The great beer abandonment: Americas young drinkers are increasingly drinking wine and hard alcohol insteadNot enough alcohol for a millennial. (Michael S. Williamson/The Washington Post)
America's young adults aren't that into beer anymore.
The percentage of twenty-somethings who prefer beer to other alcohol has fallen drastically over the past two decades, according to a new study published by Goldman Sachs Investment Research. Just twenty years ago, nearly three-quarters of youths aged 18 to 29 said they liked beer best. Today, after years of steady decline, the percentage of young beer lovers is down to just 40 percent.
The percentage that said beer is their preferred alcohol category. (Source: Gallup, Goldman Sachs Investment Research)
Meanwhile, the very opposite has been happening with hard alcohol. The percentage of young adults who like spirits best has shot up (as it were) from roughly 13 percent in the early 1990s to nearly 30 percent today.
The percentage that said spirits are their preferred alcohol category. (Source: Gallup, Goldman Sachs Investment Research)
Wine is on the rise, too. The percentage of young adults who prefer wine has gone up from just under 15 percent in the early 1990s to just under 25 percent today.
The percentage that said wine is their preferred alcohol category. (Source: Gallup, Goldman Sachs Investment Research)
The change in preferences isn't restricted to the country's youngest drinkers—the whole country, as it happens, has been drinking less and less beer for quite some time now. Nationwide, beer consumption fell by nearly 9 percent between 2002 and 2012.
But, as the first chart above shows, it's likely being driven by the fact that young drinkers don't like beer as much as they used to. The decline in the number of 30- to 49-year olds who say beer is their drink of choice, after all, has fallen only marginally. And the percentage of those 50 and older has remained virtually unchanged.
Even the beer world's coveted corner, craft beers, which has been gaining market share for many years now, might be on the verge of hitting their peak. "While we're not there yet, we're definitely approaching bubble territory,"  Spiros Malandrakis, an industry analyst at Euromonitor, said this past summer .
What's going on?
It's hard to pin beer's waning popularity on anything specific. As The Atlantic's Derek Thompson noted last year , the rise of health narratives, which have demonized more caloric food and drinks likely hasn't helped. Neither have economic collapses, like the recession, which appears to have had a noticeable effect on beer sales  (possibly because beer is a relatively inefficient way to get a buzz ). There's also the fact that in the mid-1990s, a ban was lifted on ads from hard alcohol makers. "Since that time, spirits have been steadily gaining share in the U.S.," Thomas Mullarkey, a market analyst with Morningstar, told MarketWatch earlier this year .
And it's also possible that young people are merely rebelling against the tastes of the generation before them—a sort of alcohol-soaked shift that's more reactionary than people realize. People, after all, tend to eschew what their parents drink, because what their parents drink isn't "cool." The good news for beer makers? For roughly the same reason, they also tend to pick right up where their grandparents left off.
"Alcohol consumption is cyclical by nature," Malandrakis said. "Believe it or not, we tend to drink what our grandparents drank, not what our parents drank."
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

GlaxoSmithKline confirms "hundreds" of US jo...You are here: Home > Collections > Gsk
GlaxoSmithKline confirms "hundreds" of US job cuts as market gets tougher
Dec 4, 2014, 03.32AM IST
Tags:
Advair
(Many of the jobs lost will…)
LONDON: GlaxoSmithKline said on Wednesday it would shed "several hundred" US commercial jobs and a similar number of research positions as it restructures operations in its biggest market, where drug sales are flagging.
Many of the jobs lost will be from GSK's Research Triangle Park site in North Carolina as drug research is consolidated in Philadelphia and in Stevenage, near London.
"This is a significant programme and will result in the loss of several hundred employees in the US commercial business and a similar number in R&D activities based in the US," a company spokesman said in an emailed statement.
Sources familiar with the matter said at the weekend the drugmaker would inform US staff about the job cuts as it starts implementing a big cost-saving programme, following a sharp decline in sales of its top-selling lung drug Advair.
Britain's biggest drugmaker announced in October that the new restructuring scheme would save 1 billion pounds ($1.57 billion) in annual costs over three years, although it did not go into details at the time.
Staff in the United States, where GSK employs 17,000 people in commercial and research operations, were briefed on the changes on Wednesday.
"Cuts are not being made across the board but are strategic, focused changes to allow GSK to operate more efficiently," the spokesman said. "This is a rescaling of work to reflect market forces that were anticipated but that have accelerated and are affecting the entire industry."
Respiratory medicine has traditionally been GSK's strongest business and Advair - an inhaled therapy for asthma and chronic lung disease - is its biggest seller. But Advair sales are now tumbling in the United States, while new lung drugs Breo and Anoro are proving slow to take off.
Advair has been hit by competition from rivals and an increasing trend by US health insurers to use hardball tactics to get drugmakers to cut prices for older products.
French drugmaker Sanofi has reported similar pressures from US insurers in the diabetes market.
US insurers, who themselves are under pressure to keep premiums in check, are pushing back particularly hard on prices for medicines in areas like diabetes and respiratory diseases where there are multiple options for doctors and patients.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Japan s Takata Corp rejects broader airbag r...You are here: Home > Collections
Japan's Takata Corp rejects broader airbag recall
AFP Dec 4, 2014, 02.06AM IST
Tags:
airbag recall
(A senior Takata Corp. executive…)
WASHINGTON: A senior Takata Corp. executive on Wednesday defended the Japanese company's rejection of a nationwide US recall of its potentially deadly airbags, insisting that testing data did not back such an action.
But the top US auto safety official warned that Takata had not yet solved the reason for shrapnel-firing airbag eruptions thought to have killed five people, and said the company and car makers could face court action for their reticence to widen recalls.
Hiroshi Shimizu, senior vice president for quality control at the auto parts maker, told a Congressional hearing that Takata did not agree with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's demand for a recall of all cars in the US with the suspect Takata airbags on the driver's side.
The NHTSA had given Takata until Tuesday night to broaden the existing recall, which has been limited only to cars in hot and humid areas where the risk of an explosive airbag deployment is believed to be much higher.
But Takata rejected the call in a letter to the NHTSA Tuesday, saying its tests showed no necessity to expand the existing action, and noting that supplies of replacement inflators, the part linked to the problem, are still too few to support a full national recall program.
Shimizu told the hearing of a subcommittee of the House Energy and Commerce Committee on the issue that recent testing of thousands of inflators has only showed problems with passenger-side airbags.
Of around 4,000 airbag inflators tested in recent months, Shimizu said they have detected dangerous ruptures in about 60 passenger-side airbags, and none in driver-side airbags.
Those that ruptured, he said, all came from Florida and Puerto Rico, both hot and humid climates.
"Based on the data we are collecting... the data still supports that we should remain focused on the regions with high temperature and high humidity," Shimizu said.
But legislators expressed serious doubts about the company's arguments, amid worries that Takata still does not know exactly why the problems persist.
"I don't think there's any excuse for not solving the problem," Florida Representative Gus Bilirakis told Shimizu.
With the problems dating back to at least 2008, the company and investigators have identified several causes over time.
Shimizu said the causes were all rooted in now-resolved manufacturing problems, and not airbag design.
About 10 million vehicles from 10 manufacturers have been recalled already in the United States to address the problem, and at least eight million in other countries.
NHTSA Deputy Administrator David Friedman told the panel that the regulator continued to harbor doubts about whether the causes of the airbag problem are fully known.
The agency now believes the humidity issue "is simply not the dominant factor" in problems with driver-side airbags.
"They have not yet gotten to the root cause of this issue," he said of Takata.
He warned that both the company and automakers face legal action, including fines of up to $35 million, if they do not address the problem.
  "If Takata and the automakers continue to refuse to act, we are going to have to take them to court," Friedman said.
At the same hearing, Honda North America Executive Vice President Rick Schostek said the automaker is "seriously considering" a nationwide recall of all Takata-equipped Hondas.
At the same time, Schostek admitted, "Should there be an expansion to a nationwide action, we believe that a parts shortage may occur despite Takata's efforts to increase the supply of inflators."
He said Honda is discussing using substitute inflators from other manufacturers to fill the shortfall.
"We still believe that the highest risk is in the southern areas," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fed s survey finds improvement across US eco...Federal Reserve's survey finds improvement across US economy
Reuters Dec 4, 2014, 02.12AM IST
Tags:
Beige Book report
WASHINGTON: US economic activity continued to expand in October and November, with lower gasoline prices boosting consumer spending, the Federal Reserve said on Wednesday.
In its Beige Book report of anecdotal information on business activity collected from contacts nationwide on or before Nov. 24, the US central bank said a number of its districts remained optimistic about the outlook.
"Consumer spending continued to trend higher in most districts in October and November," the Fed said. "Some contacts viewed lower gasoline prices as a contributing factor to higher consumer spending, and an early cold spell helped spur sales of winter apparel in several districts."
The report, compiled by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, is in line with manufacturing and employment data that have suggested the economy was weathering slowing global demand.
Despite a sharp drop in crude oil prices, drilling activity in shale production districts remained steady, the Beige Book showed.
"In early November, oil and gas exploration activity decreased in North Dakota and increased in Montana relative to a month earlier; production remained at record levels," the Fed said. "Despite recent declines in oil prices, officials in North Dakota expect oil production to continue increasing over the next two years."
Oil prices have declined since June and touched a five-year low early this week, reflecting in part slowing global economic growth and increased domestic production in the United States.
The Beige Book found that employment gains were widespread across the districts.
Strengthening labor market conditions resulted in employers in some districts struggling to retain key workers as well as fill job openings in sectors such as information technology, engineering, legal and health services, manufacturing and transportation.
While inflation remained subdued, a number of districts reported slight-to-moderate increases in labor costs.
"Upward wage pressures continued to be evident for certain types of occupations and for skilled workers," the Fed said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sony investigators find links to N Korea in ...Sony investigators find links to North Korea in hack probe
Reuters Dec 4, 2014, 02.24AM IST
Tags:
FireEye
(US national security officials…)
Hackers used tools in a devastating cyber attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment that were based on ones used in similar attacks conducted against South Korea by North Korea, a person familiar with the company's investigation said on Wednesday.
The person, who was not authorized to publicly discuss Sony's probe into the attack which is being led by FireEye's Mandiant forensics unit, said that investigators made the connection to North Korea as they reviewed evidence left by the hackers.
The technology news site Re/code reported earlier on Wednesday that Sony intends to name North Korea as the source of the attack, which exposed massive volumes of internal company data and shut down its computer systems for a week.
The hacking into one of Hollywood's biggest studios has alarmed the government and cyber security experts, who say this is the first major attack on a US company to use a highly destructive class of malicious software that is designed to incapacitate computer networks. The FBI issued a warning to US businesses on Monday.
The attack launched on Nov. 24 came a month before the entertainment unit at Sony Corp. is due to release "The Interview," a comedy starring James Franco and Seth Rogen as two journalists recruited by the CIA to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
The Pyongyang government denounced the film as "undisguised sponsoring of terrorism, as well as an act of war" in a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in June.
TOO EARLY FOR DEFINITIVE ASSESSMENTS
Details of the announcement from Sony about a North Korean link were still being finalized and could be released as early as Wednesday, according to Re/code.
But when asked about the Re/code report, a Sony spokeswoman, said no announcement from the studio was coming.
US national security officials said government agencies still could not confirm media and private sector reports that North Korea was responsible for the Sony Pictures attack.
One official said that numerous governments, groups and individuals are capable of mounting sophisticated hacking attacks, and that at this point the offensive on Sony Pictures did not appear particularly unique. Another official said that it was still too soon after the hack to make definitive assessments of responsibility.
Representatives of the FBI and Department of Homeland Security, which are conducting a separate investigation into the attack, declined to comment, as did the Justice Department and White House.
Sony has struggled to get all of its systems back up nine days after the attack and studio co-chiefs told staff in a memo on Tuesday that they still didn't know the "full scope of information that the hackers might have or release."
They said personnel and business information was compromised, without giving further details, while encouraging employees to use identity protection services offered by the company.
 
The attack is another blow for Sony Pictures, which produces the blockbuster James Bond and "Spider-Man" franchises. In the past year, the company laid off staff and cut costs after pressure from activist investor Daniel Loeb to improve profitability. That followed expensive 2013 flops such as "After Earth" and "White House Down."
FEATURED ARTICLES

India to be fastest growing economy in 2-3 y...Brown University
(India will surpass China…)
NEW DELHI: India will surpass China as the world's fastest growing economy in the next 2-3 years, top industrialist Mukesh Ambani today said, while terming the fall in global oil prices as a "gift" to India.
"We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in the next 2-3 years. We will exceed China's growth rate in next 2-3 years. We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in 2016-2017 and 2017-2018," the Reliance Industries Chairman said.
He was speaking at an event organised by Brown University here.
Ambani further said that 2014 is a landmark year for the country.
"I think the people of India have spoken after really 30 years. I have in business for now alomst 30-35 years and we have got a majority (government) now...I have been saying this consistently that 2014 is a lucky year for India," he said.
Referring to the recent fall in crude oil prices, Ambani said, "...we are now on the horizon of USD 60-70, that is really a gift.... If this continues for two years, it's a gift".
He recalled that oil prices had shot up from USD 20/barrel to USD 140 during 2004 to 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent falls below $70  US crude up  in volatile trade | Gold rises 1%You are here: Home > Collections > Opec
Brent falls below $70, US crude up, in volatile trade
Reuters Dec 4, 2014, 03.06AM IST
Tags:
Brent crude
(The spread between Brent…)
NEW YORK: US crude closed higher on Wednesday at more than $67 after data showed a surprise tumble in inventories, but a report suggesting Saudi Arabia expected still lower prices for oil sent Brent below $70 a barrel.
The spread between Brent and US crude, a key arbitrage in oil markets, narrowed to below $3 a barrel, its lowest in 1-1/2 months.
Oil markets have been volatile since Thursday's decision by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries not to cut production in an oversupplied market. In recent days, traders have sought a price floor for crude, which has tumbled about 40 per cent from June highs.
On Wednesday, US crude rose after oil inventories in the United States fell by 3.7 million barrels last week. Analysts were expecting a 1.3 million-barrel build.
Brent closed lower after the Wall Street Journal, citing people familiar with the situation, reported that Saudi Arabia, OPEC's biggest oil producer, believed crude prices could stabilize at around $60 a barrel. Brent had hit a high above $115 in June.
Chart analysts have already warned that US crude could plunge toward $50.
Exxon Mobil Corp Chief Executive Officer Rex Tillerson somewhat added to the debate on how low prices could go when he told CNBC that the company's decision to invest in the US shale oil sector was based on an ability to withstand a price range of $120 to $40.
"Between the Journal report of the Saudis accepting $60 oil and Rex Tillerson saying Exxon can be tested to as low as $40, I guess the market has to decide which low price level it's comfortable with," said John Kilduff, partner at New York energy hedge fund Again Capital.
Brent settled down 62 cents at $69.92 a barrel, after climbing nearly $1 earlier to $71.46.
US crude finished up 50 cents at $67.38 after a session peak at $68.23.
Absent strong economic data, robust demand and geopolitical disturbances, speculators are likely to test new lows for crude in coming days.
"We may get some bullish sentiment or a break when they come in to cover shorts like today," said futures broker Santiago Diaz of INTL FC Stone in Miami, "but otherwise, they'll be selling."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Britain launches new  Google tax  on MNCsBritain launches new 'Google tax' on multinational companies
AFP Dec 4, 2014, 12.31AM IST
Tags:
Britain
(The levy -- nicknamed the…)
LONDON: The British government today slapped a new tax rate on multinational companies that seek to avoid paying their fair share to Treasury coffers.
The levy -- nicknamed the 'Google tax' because of the high number of technology firms seeking to avoid tax -- will come into force in April, finance minister George Osborne said in a budget update.
"Today I am introducing a 25 per cent tax on profits generated by multinationals from economic activity here in the UK which they then artificially shift out of the country," Osborne told lawmakers in his so-called autumn statement.
"That's not fair to other British firms. It's not fair to the British people either. Today we're putting a stop to it."
Osborne had already warned in September that he would launch a crackdown on multinational firms that use complex corporate structures to lower their tax bills in Britain .
The announcement comes amid simmering public anger over the tax affairs of multinationals like US technology giants Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google and coffee group Starbucks, who seek to shift their profits from higher tax countries to those with lower tax rates.
"We will make sure that big multinational businesses pay their fair share," said Osborne today.
"Some of the largest companies in the world, including those in the tech sector, use elaborate structures to avoid paying taxes."
He added: "My message is consistent and clear. Low taxes; but taxes that will be paid.
"Britain has led the world on this agenda. And we do so again today."
The new Diverted Profits Tax will seek to raise more than USD 1.6 billion over the next five years.
Osborne also revealed a crackdown on the way that banks offset their losses from the financial crisis against tax on profits.
The banking rule change is expected to raise nearly 4.0 billion pounds more in tax revenues over the next five years.
The Chancellor added it was "totally unacceptable" that banks were able to offset their losses in order to avoid paying tax.
"The banks got public support in the crisis and they should now support the public in the recovery," he told parliament.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Where are gold and silver prices headed in the near termGold price sees biggest single-day gain this year
Recommend
Link
14 days ago, ET NOW
Posting this year's biggest single-day rise of Rs 840, gold regained the Rs 27,000-per-ten-gram level after a gap of over one month in the national capital, tracking rebounds in global markets.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - 12 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Barack Obama effect: Nod gets fast-trackedBarack Obama effect: Nod gets fast-tracked
Selloff to start with SAIL offerSelloff to start with SAIL offer
Sahara s next task could be Rs 36K cr liability of co-operativeIt’s understood that the credit society owns a 42% shareholding in the corporate entity that holds Sahara’s prized Amby Valley property.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Next to the CCTV surveillance cabin in Tihar Jail and opposite the superintendent's office, is a well-lit, windowless visitors' room where, sitting on a sofa, a slimmer and "visibly older" Sahara chief Subrata Roy meets his lawyers and directors over dhokla and butter-milk. It's a part of Roy's morning chores, said one of the regular visitors. But even as they discuss legal strategies, ways to cobble together funds to secure Roy's release, and life after Tihar, the men in the room are aware of another story that's brewing. It's about Sahara Credit Co-operative Society, a multi-state society where millions of savers have parked money; an entity that has no legal association with the Sahara Group, but could nonetheless engulf it in a different way. How?
It's learnt that the society's total liability has touched Rs 36,000 crore — almost twice the amount raised by two Sahara property firms whose run-in with capital market regulator Sebi had sparked a bitter court feud and eventually landed Roy in Tihar.
Two sources told ET that a predominant part of this money has been invested in Sahara Group companies and projects.
It's understood that the credit society owns a 42% shareholding in the corporate entity that holds Sahara's prized Amby Valley property.
The society has 2.6 crore nominal members and 92 lakh regular members with voting rights.
While a Sahara spokesman did not respond to ET's email query, a senior official of the society said the society holds many high-quality assets, including 2,000 acres of land which, according to a leading realty broker, is valued at Rs 6,400 crore. Besides, all investments are strictly as per provisions of Section 64 of the Multi-State Co-operative Societies Act, 2002, he said when asked whether there was a violation in any of the norms and bye-laws while deploying the funds of the society. "The society undergoes departmental inspection and we expect the liability to come down to Rs 26,000 crore after a year. At present we are going slow on fund raising... it's a conscious decision. We have no problem if there are new regulations," he added.
Despite the funds being stuck in illiquid, even if valuable, assets, the official said the society does not envisage any problem in repaying depositors on time-.
The activities of Sahara Credit, originally initiated by Sahara employees, multiplied in the years after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) forced Sahara to shut down its residuary non-banking finance company in 2008. The army of Sahara agents, mobilising savings through its daily deposit schemes - programmes that accept deposits of even one rupee a day - moved seamlessly into garnering funds for the co-operative society.Unlike the more familiar credit co-operatives for employees of an organisation or a group, general multi-state societies can open shop across the country to attract savings and are regulated by the central registrar of co-operative societies under the ministry of agriculture.
Their reach can be as extensive as large banks. As per the law, such a society is allowed to invest in other co-operative banks, certain approved securities, shares of other co-operative societies, bank deposits and "such other mode as may be provided in bye-laws."
Speaking on condition of anonymity, an official with the agriculture ministry told ET that there is a thinking within the government to amend the law and plug loopholes, if any, in the regulations.
"Some time ago we had asked the registrars of co-operatives in different states to take a close at the some of the large cooperative credit societies... But we have to be careful. It will be good if societies can be amalgamated with banks.
There are 300 multi-state societies and thousands of state-level societies... Taking any hasty decision will spark a run and lakhs of small savers would be severely impacted," he said. Sahara knows this better than anyone else. Its immediate priority is to meet the conditions of the apex court and keep Sebi at bay. According to the group, a large part of the Rs 25,000 crore that the Supreme Court had directed it to refund has already been repaid to investors. The Rs 10,000 crore (including bank guarantee) that needs to be paid for Roy's bail has to be deposited in a designated account and is being raised through selling some of the land parcels Sahara holds.
"Of the 24,000 acres of land bank, we have sold 750 acres so far. Instead of selling precious assets like the Grosvenor House in London or some of the other valued hotel properties, we can leverage these to raise additional loans from overseas. There will be enough funds left after repaying existing lenders like Bank of China ," said a Sahara official. Sahara intends to use the Mauritius subsidiary which holds the offshore assets to raise foreign currency loans. Managing the credit society's large deposit liability, albeit from a distance, will possibly be Sahara's next challenge.
While Sahara officials remain apparently unruffled by the task ahead, there will be a question mark on whether it can generate adequate cash flow from the properties or sell them at an agreeable price. For a group that has cut employees' salaries and is battling a cash crunch, no one knows how this story will play out in the days to come. Sahara Credit Co-operative Society Managing Director Shantanu Mukherjee did not respond to calls and text messages while Sahara officials said Subrata Roy was unable to make a statement.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

FDI rules in realty relaxedFDI rules in realty relaxed
Buy 2699 2674 2703 2719 2748Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ng sell on rise in mcx 217 and in $3.500 coming soonCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy 821 813 825 832 845Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy 473 468 476 481 489Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Egypt Convicts 188 To Death In Mass SentencingEgyptian Court Convicts 188 To Death In Preliminary Verdict
Posted:
reddit
CAIRO (AP) — An Egyptian court sentenced 188 people to death Tuesday pending the opinion of the country's top religious authority, the latest mass death sentence handed down by the country's judicial system despite widespread international criticism.
The 188 were charged over the killing of 11 policemen last year in Kerdasa, a restive town west of Cairo considered a militant stronghold. The attack, which saw the policemen's bodies mutilated, is considered one of the country's grisliest assaults on security forces.
The defendants also were accused of attempting to kill 10 more policemen, damaging a police station, setting police cars on fire and possessing heavy weapons.
The attack happened on the same day that security forces brutally cleared two protest camps of ousted Islamist President Mohammed Morsi's supporters, killing hundreds. Protesters were demanding the reinstatement of Morsi, who hails from the Muslim Brotherhood group.
Some 22,000 people have been arrested since Morsi's ouster, including most of the Brotherhood's top leaders, as well as large numbers of others swept up by police during pro-Morsi protests.
Tuesday's sentence requires the opinion of Egypt's top religious authority, the Grand Mufti. The court is scheduled to issue a final verdict Jan. 24. Defendants then can appeal.
Security officials said 143 of the 188 defendants are in custody. Those not held will receive automatic retrials under Egyptian law. The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to journalists.
Egypt has been sharply criticized for recent mass death sentences largely targeting Islamists. Earlier this year, a judge in the southern city of Minya sentenced more than 1,200 people to death in two mass trials. The number of death sentences, initially the most in recent memory anywhere in the world, was later reduced to some 200. Those cases also involve attacks on police stations and the killing of police officers following the dispersal of the protest camps.
More:

LISTEN: Bill Simmons Mocks ESPN By Fake-Censoring Himselfreddit
On his podcast Monday , Bill Simmons poked fun at ESPN, which suspended him for three weeks in September over comments he made about NFL commissioner Roger Goodell's handling of the Ray Rice scandal. (Listen below.)
On the podcast, Simmons, who is the editor-in-chief of Grantland and one of ESPN's most valuable commodities, was chatting with his friend Sal Iacono -- the same guest who was on when Simmons made the remarks that caused his suspension. Simmons brought up a recent ruling by a U.S. district judge that cast Goodell in an unfavorable light. The ruling fell in line with Simmons' initial criticism.
Simmons joked that the Miami Dolphins would sign Ray Rice for one week only, then clarified that no team would want to associate with him. "So, Sal," he continued, "it turned out that an independent judge..." After the word "judge," the podcast cut out and was replaced by "on hold"-type music. When it returned, Sal said, "God, I don't want to be suspended again." The self-censoring-style joke was repeated twice.
Goodell initially suspended Rice, a marquee running back, for only two games after video emerged of him dragging his wife's unconscious body out of an elevator in Atlantic City. After full video emerged of Rice violently pummeling his wife, making the penalty look even weaker and sparking a public outcry, Goodell made the suspension indefinite and claimed that Rice had "misled" him about the events of the evening when the two had first met to discuss it.
On a podcast in September, Simmons took strong issue with that assertion, calling Goodell a " liar " and daring ESPN to suspend him. In its announcement of his punishment , the network said that Simmons had not met its "journalistic standards."
Last week's ruling overturned Rice's suspension, and found that Goodell hadn't been misled by Rice .
Listen to the podcast clip below:
More:

VSF Projects: Outcome of board meeting (Revised AGM on Dec 31  2014)Dec 03, 2014, 08.13 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
VSF Projects: Outcome of board meeting (Revised AGM on Dec 31, 2014)
VSF Projects has now informed that the Board of Directors in their meeting held on December 03, 2014, have transact the business and Fixed Date of 22nd Revised AGM on December 31, 2014 for the financial year ended March 31, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
VSF Projects: Outcome of board meeting (Revised AGM on Dec 31, 2014)
VSF Projects has now informed that the Board of Directors in their meeting held on December 03, 2014, have transact the business and Fixed Date of 22nd Revised AGM on December 31, 2014 for the financial year ended March 31, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
With reference to the earlier announcement dated September 02, 2014, VSF Projects Ltd has now informed BSE that the Board of Directors in their meeting held on December 03, 2014, inter alia, have transact the following business:1. Fixed Date of 22nd Revised AGM on December 31, 2014 for the financial year ended March 31, 2014.Source : BSE

Top 10 high value stocks that returned up to 201%You are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Top ten high value stocks; should investors buy, sell or hold?
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 3, 2014, 03.28PM IST
Tags:
Blue Dart Express Ltd.
(It has been a breakout year…)
NEW DELHI: It has been a breakout year for the Indian markets with the Sensex and the Nifty both rallying over 30 per cent each so far in the year 2014.
After a strong rally seen so far in the year, analysts are convinced that the bull run is here to stay and the Indian markets will make record highs in the year 2015 as well, supported by revival in investment activity, bounce back in economic growth and further policy announcements by the Modi-led government.
Foreign investors have already affirmed their stance on the Indian markets, considering the fact that global money managers have already poured USD 16.5 billion into Indian stocks so far in the year 2014.
Riding on the momentum, many high value stocks have more than doubled so far this year - which brings us to our next question: Is it advisable to hold them or investors should rather book profits on rallies?
Analysts are of the view that some of these stocks are overvalued and booking profits would be the right strategy. "Do not hold any stock based on rumor or speculation," warn analysts.
"Investors should not hold any stock for long periods of time when we know that it is significantly overvalued. Many investors like to chase these stocks since they have generated huge returns in the last few quarters or years," says Dr. Vikas Gupta of Arthveda Fund Management Pvt Ltd.
"This is a speculation on their continuing to perform fundamentally. While the probability of that is high too, the risk is very great if the lesser chances of them missing their fundamental expectations materialize. Then the result on the portfolio will be disastrous," he adds.
Investors can look at booking profits in logistic stocks as the government is on the planning stage to utilize huge infrastructure of the India Post for e-com logistics.
"Investors should hold consumer stocks like Eicher, Nestle and MRF," says Siddharth Sedani, Vice President - Portfolio Management Service at Microsec Capital Ltd.
"PSUs like Tide Water Oil, which has removed a lot of bottlenecks from its systems and is thriving for global business through its European and Middle East arm, may fetch better returns in future as valuations are still relatively inexpensive compared to companies like Castrol," he adds.
Sedani is of the view that companies like Bosch may still outperform as new technology innovations may bring better pricing power for the company.
We have collated recommendations from various analysts on the top ten high value stocks, which have rallied up to 200% so far in the year 2014:
MRF: Can book profits
"MRF has posted strong quarterly results recently with operating margins increasing on the back of low raw material cost. Auto ancillary is expected to show strong growth going forward and much of this has been factored in the stock price already," says Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays
Securities.
"Currently MRF's P/E is seen at 18.55, which is higher than the industry P/E of 15.54. Investors can lighten their portfolio and can direct investment to its peers with better forward P/E," he adds.
 
Bosch: Can test 27000 mark in next 8-12 months
"It has multiplied exponentially in five years i.e. from roughly 2800 to over 19500 levels and still there's no sign of exhaustion. As per the projection technique, it can test the 27000 mark in the next 8-12 months," says Ajit Mishra, AVP - Equity Retail Research, Religare Securities Limited.
Tide Water Oil India Ltd: Accumulate the stock and retain in your portfolio
The stock at current price is trading at 9.59 P/E, with FY15E P/E of 16.3. Therefore accumulate decision is recommended. The stock can be retained in portfolio, the company has been expanding its global footprint and has strong operating margins, says Kavikondala of WealthRays Securities.
Eicher Motors: Maintain your long positions
The stock has been outperforming majority of its peer in the auto segment and steadily marching northward with every passing day. So, maintain your long positions, says Mishra of Religare Securities Ltd.
Page Industries Ltd: Valuations look slightly stretched
"The company has performed well in Q2, but much of it has been factored in and valuations are slightly stretched," says Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities.
"Investors may trim their position and move into other stocks. With the current price of the stock FY15E P/E is expected at 51.95, which is lower than current P/E of 68.18," he adds.
Shree Cements Ltd: Can test Rs 14000 mark in coming months
"Though the majority of cement counters are in a consolidation phase, it's gradually inching upward. It can test the 14000 mark in the coming months," says Mishra of Religare Securities Limited.
Honeywell Auto: Hold the stock for further gains

I cant breathe: After indictment decision  Eric Garners final words become a symbol of anger  frustrationProtests erupt across U.S. after grand jury declines to indict N.Y. officer
View Photos
A Staten Island grand jury declined to bring charges in the case of Eric Garner, who died this summer.
Caption
A Staten Island grand jury declined to bring charges in the case of Eric Garner, who died this summer.
 Dec. 5, 2014 Protesters participate in a 'Die-In' at New York's Grand Central Station during a march for Eric Garner. Protesters in New York and other cities staged a fourth night of rallies on Saturday, denouncing use of deadly force by police against minorities. Andrew Kelly/Reuters
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
Around 7:30 p.m., about 450 people stood on the west side of the street, while the Christmas tree-lighting ceremony remained inaccessible thanks to dozens of police and a long line of barricades on 6th Avenue. The crowd was reportedly calm, though police made arrests in the streets near Rockefeller Plaza, according to Twitter.
Chants of “Shut it down!” competed with “We Shall Overcome” at the new epicenter of the protests, 47th Street — also known as the Diamond District.
They're starting to make arrests at Rockefeller to those in the streets #ICantBreathe
— Linda Listen (@LindseyIndia) December 4, 2014
Someone just got snatched and arrested right now. They believe it was a journalist. Crowd is starting to get intense in NYC
— Rada Tha RebeliouZ (@ThaRebeliouZ) December 4, 2014
A livestream broadcast of gatherings across the city can be viewed here .
Kim Ortiz, who does organizing with Copwatch in the Bronx, was pumping her fist to the chant of the protesters. Her organization does what the name indicates: paying attention to police activity.
“Eric Garner’s case was public because of the video,” she said, “but it happens all the time.” Asked whether she’d gone to the Ferguson protests, she said she had. “I feel like it’s the same rage, just a different victim.”
Five police, two black, stood nearby.
"If we don't get it" https://t.co/IYUnCVWbpK
— Philip Bump (@pbump) December 3, 2014
Within moments of the grand jury decision, protesters in Ferguson took to the streets — and several of the most vocal young activists scrambled to book plane tickets to New York.
Those in the St. Louis are – where more than 100 days of protests have kept attention on the topic of policing in communities of color – have built ties with activists across the country and with the families of other black men killed by police, including Garner.
The Ferguson protesters, still enraged by last week’s grand jury decision in Missouri, almost immediately announced plans for a nighttime march and acts of civil disobedience.
Activists elsewhere aired their frustrations and solidarity online. On Wednesday, Garner’s final words — “I can’t breathe” — had become  a symbol of their pain . The reaction was swift and pronounced, with many calling for protest and action.
The New York chapter of the NAACP released a statement Wednesday afternoon saying that Pantaleo should have been indicted for “deliberately and recklessly” causing Garner’s death. The organization called on the Justice Department to pursue federal civil rights charges against the officer.
In a phone interview, Hazel Nell Dukes, president of the NAACP New York State Conference, said she planned to gather peacefully with other protesters at Grand Central Station on Wednesday evening. She said organizers were disappointed by the grand jury’s decision not to indict Pantaleo in Garner’s death but had asked protesters to remain peaceful.
“I’m terribly upset,” Dukes said. “I have watched that video over 20 times, and each time I have just been overwhelmed by it. Now to talk about his obesity and asthma when the man was pleading for his life just don’t make any sense. This is outrageous.”
RELATED: with Eric Garner, Obama’s body camera argument just took a big hit
Douglas Davis, a black college professor, came to Times Square for the protest. He hadn’t been to any of New York’s Ferguson protests.
“What’s happening now is very similar to what my parents and grandparents experienced with lynchings — but it’s happening within the system itself,” said Davis, whose family is from South Carolina. “I find it hard to put into words what continues to happen.”
One man stands among protesters holding his scarf up as though he's being hung. pic.twitter.com/1V09jATCBZ
— Kate Pastor (@Bronxbeautiful) December 3, 2014
After leaving Times Square, protesters quickly got swallowed up by larger, quieter crowds doing holiday shopping or heading to the tree lighting. As it does for big events, the NYPD shut down several major avenues, making it difficult to impossible to get over to Rockefeller Plaza. Lining 6th Avenue, protesters encountered scores of police, most of them standing quietly and chatting.
More scenes from the streets surrounding Rockerfeller Center. https://t.co/qYUoafrWLM
— Joel D. Anderson (@byjoelanderson) December 4, 2014
One protester, a white man, walked by and called the police murderers. One officer smiled, irritating his accuser. A young black woman approached moments later with a question for the officers: “How do I get to the tree lighting?”
Soon, the crowd at 30 Rockefeller Center had mostly dissipated. Rachel Germany, with her son Langston on her shoulders, watched the stragglers. “It’s an outrageous decision after an outrageous decision involving police and people of color, I had to come, and I had to bring my son.”
Police, over bullhorn: "We don't want nobody to get hurt." pic.twitter.com/9A4MFZuzuk
— Philip Bump (@pbump) December 4, 2014
Police stand ready. pic.twitter.com/etxezpAFWf
— Philip Bump (@pbump) December 4, 2014
Miguel Fermin came out to the protest after work. “I’m tired,” he said. “I’m a blue collar worker. I pay my taxes. We’re just tired.” Fermin has an eight-month old daughter and a 12 year-old son. He’d yelled his support for the police standing watch, saying “This is not about you. This is about justice.”
“If something happens to my son,” he said, “these are the first people I’d run to. But I took my time to come out here for my kids.” His son was doing his homework as Fermin prepared to leave for the protest. “He asked me, ‘what does indictment mean?’”
A bus pulled away and the police stirred. Fermin laughed. “The tourists are gone, and here come the batons!”
Later in the evening, protesters took to West Side Highway, where police were attempting to clear the road  and reportedly arrested demonstrators.
Tons of arrests happening on West Side Highway. #EricGarner pic.twitter.com/QuHMchMrPo
— Nicolás Medina Mora (@MedinaMora) December 4, 2014
As the protests continued, the Daily News (which had obtained the video of Garner’s arrest that led to widespread outrage over the summer) tweeted the image of their front page for tomorrow. Their headline includes the same mantra that demonstrators chanted:
Brutal. Our front page tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/31JazbMJOW & our editorial http://t.co/oLjS2s5uxn
— Harry Siegel (@harrysiegel) December 4, 2014
Holley reported from Washington, Lowery from Ferguson. Elahe Izadi contributed.
[This post has been updated multiple times.]
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.
Wesley Lowery covers Capitol Hill for The Fix and Post Politics.

http://usat.ly/1vmx9GZFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Motor Trend honors Chevrolet pickup over Ford's F-150
In a blow to Ford's revolutionary new pickup truck, Motor Trend is announcing today that it has chosen Chevrolet's new midsize pickup, the Colorado, as its coveted Truck of the Year.   Given the amount of
Post to Facebook
Motor Trend honors Chevrolet pickup over Ford's F-150 In a blow to Ford's revolutionary new pickup truck, Motor Trend is announcing today that it has chosen Chevrolet's new midsize pickup, the Colorado, as its coveted Truck of the Year.   Given the amount of Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zPA9uK
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
88
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Motor Trend honors Chevrolet pickup over Ford's F-150
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 7:49 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
The 2015 Chevrolet Colorado. 
The 2015 GMC Canyon All-Terrain. 
(Photo: General Motors)
The GMC Canyon and Chevrolet Colorado mark the automaker’s fast return to the market it left in 2012. 
(Photo: General Motors)
Fullscreen
This is the motor in the 2015 Chevrolet Colorado Z71. The standard is a 2.5-liter four-cylinder rated 200 horsepower at 6,300 rpm, 191 pounds-feet of torque at 4,400. There is an optional 3.6-liter V-6 rated 305 hp at 6,800, 269pounds-feetat 4,000. 
(Photo: Chevrolet)
This is the 2015 Chevrolet Colorado Z71.  which weighs 3,960-4,445 pounds and carries 1,410-1,590pounds. TheCanyon weighs 3,920-4,500poundsand carries 1,460-1,620pounds.Both are ratedto tow 3,500pounds, or 7,000poundswithZ82 tow package. 
(Photo: Chevrolet)
The 2015 Chevrolet Colorado V-6, 4x4, registered 17.6 mpg (5.68 gallons per 100 miles) in mix of fast highway, relaxed two-lane cruising with frequent hard acceleration. 
(Photo: Chevrolet)
The Colorado and Canyon have full-size payload ratings, around 1,500pounds,similar to what a big crew-cab 4x4 pickup has. Towing is much reduced, though, and 7,000poundsis the max. 
(Photo: Chevrolet)
Fullscreen
The Colorado is more modern and nicer overall than Toyota Tacoma, the only real rival. But maybe not enough -- so to trade in the Tacoma in a rush. Overall, good and well-featured, but vaguely disappointing, given GM’s pre-sale build-up all summer. 
(Photo: Chevrolet)
The Base Colorado, regular cab, four-cylinder, rear-drive, manual transmission starts at $20,995 including $875 shipping. Most Colorado and GMC Canyon models are well into the $30,000-plus range. A few top $40,000. 
(Photo: Chevrolet)
Most models have a six-speed automatic. A six-speed manual is available on some regular cab models. Colorado 4x4 system is conventional driver-shifted. Canyon system adds automatic 4x4 setting. 
(Photo: Chevrolet)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
The new 2015 Chevrolet Colorado is introduced at the Los Angeles Auto Show in 2013.
(Photo: File photo by Jae C. Hong, AP)
2845 CONNECT 204 TWEET 23 LINKEDIN 88 COMMENTEMAILMORE
In a blow to Ford's pride in its all-new aluminum-bodied F-150 pickup truck, Motor Trend is announcing today that it has chosen Chevrolet's new midsize pickup, the Colorado, for its prestigious Truck of the Year award.
Given the amount of hoopla over its new, lighter aluminum body, many assumed the 2015 Ford F-150 would be a shoo-in for major awards this year.
But Ed Loh, editor-in-chief of Motor Trend, says the publication bestows the honor only on vehicles it deems best in its class. Among full-size trucks, he says, the publication believes that Ford's new F-150 falls in behind the clean-diesel engine version of the current Ram 1500.
F-150 didn't even come in second. That honor went to another Ford: its new Transit full-size commercial van.
Such awards are coveted in the auto industry, where reviews and awards are seen as swaying potential buyers. The next major test for the F-150 will be the North American Truck of the Year prize announced each year at the big annual auto show in Detroit in January.
In a unanimous vote among Motor Trend writers and editors, the Chevy Colorado midsize trounced all rivals to be best in class by being a right-sized truck with "sexy" looks and "a big fuel efficiency story," Loh says.
Video Keywords General Motors GM sub compact bare bones price power rear seat safety standards Starbucks USA today Chrysler
GM’s new mid-size pickups have lots of features you want, and at least one you don’t -- high prices. (Money, USA Today)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  Finally GM's mid sized pickups are on the road. I'm
00:07  James. It seems like they've been in the wings for ever
00:11  as General Motors kept tossing out tidbits about size price power
00:15  and so on and after driving several versions were not completely
00:18  sure of the 2015. Chevrolet Colorado and GMC canyon are the
00:23  right price right -- sweet spot for truck buyers. GM discontinued
00:28  the previous Colorado and canyon only a few years ago after
00:32  Ford and Chrysler already had left the market. But GM did
00:35  an about face deciding who probably aren't enough people out there
00:38  who really want a smaller truck not just settling for those.
00:42  The new Colorado and canyon are based very loosely on a
00:45  pick up that GM sells overseas. It took a lot of
00:48  re working for the US including all -- frame. Because of
00:52  our emissions and safety standards and buyer preferences or gender fight
00:56  versions is that a bare -- works trucks went right. The
01:00  trucks will carry big boy loads about 15100 pounds and that's
01:03  a match for many full size pickups. They have plenty of
01:07  features and options even a built in mobile hotspots a Starbucks
01:10  and no problem linked to the truck and do your Internet
01:13  business. And they deliver better mileage and a big trucks. But
01:17  he still aren't exactly green. We got eighteen to 24 miles
01:21  per gallon with no cargo and if you heels. What didn't
01:25  come out so good. Pricing the trucks started about point 1000
01:29  dollars but your -- 35 to 40000 to get the nice
01:33  when you probably want. Interiors. If you go for that 40000
01:37  dollar truck you feel fine inside. He's been very much less
01:41  and you get too little visual camouflaged to distract you from
01:45  the hard plastic that GM uses and side. Thanks to textured.
01:49  But -- looking and feeling. And that's the mid level models
01:52  not just the bare bones units. Room there isn't a lot
01:57  especially if you're used to the first class basis and have
01:59  a full size pick up. The next it's a little tight
02:02  and the room and asked the front seats are far forward.
02:05  You'll feel like -- -- a sub compact economy car but
02:07  you won't have this brawl on wall space you probably want.
02:11  And one penalty of that somewhat tight it is how the
02:13  rear seat folds for cargo. That a folding up the question
02:17  to have a nice low flat load floor you wind up.
02:20  Holding down the back -- and that really hot left over
02:23  platform for that over packed suitcase. Even so Colorado canyon are
02:28  good trucks. Good enough to be the real trucks that GM
02:32  says they are not big truck wannabes. For more news reviews
02:36  and information about autos go to the money section USA today
02:40  dot com.
Most Colorado configurations achieved at least 20 miles per gallon on the highway. The truck, along with corporate cousin GMC Canyon, garnered attention through the year by returning General Motors to a segment that it, Ford and Chrysler had deserted, leaving the field to the dominant Toyota Tacoma and the Nissan Frontier.
"A lot of our staff fell in love with that pickup," says Loh. "It's the thinking man's kind of pickup."
A Chevrolet official says the brand is "amazingly thrilled" at the honor for the truck that has only been in showrooms since September. Spokesman Otie McKinley pointed to the truck's horsepower, towing, connectivity and quiet cabin as changing the category.
"It's changing the way the midsize truck buyer looks at trucks," McKinley says. "It's reinventing the segment."
Loh had nothing but nice things to say about the new version of the F-150, perennially the nation's best-selling car or truck. The aluminum body and other changes cut up to 700 pounds per vehicle. It also now offers luxury touches new to the segment, such as a huge sunroof and a system to keep the truck from wandering out of its lane. Buyers switching from a V-8 to a new turbocharged 2.7-liter engine in the F-150 can see gas-mileage improvements of up to 29%, Ford says.
But Loh says Ford may be, in part, a victim of its own hype. "It's only shocking that the Colorado wins if you presumed that F-150 was going to walk away with it," he says. The Ram EcoDiesel, he says, is considered best in the full-size class not only because of its better gas mileage but because of innovations like an eight-speed automatic transmission and a better ride.
Ford truck spokesman Mike Levine said in a statement: "While we always are honored to win awards and recognition, we are most proud of creating the toughest, smartest and most capable F-150 ever for customers."
2845 CONNECT 204 TWEET 23 LINKEDIN 88 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zPA9uK
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Excise hike on fuel to shore up revenue: PradhanExcise hike on fuel to shore up revenue: Pradhan
U.S. stocks gain on service sector data; Dow rises 0.18%U.S. stocks gain on service sector data; Dow rises 0.18%
By 2030  Nifty will hit 1 25 000: Rakesh JhunjhunwalaBy 2030, Nifty will hit 1,25,000, says ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala
ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 07.01AM IST
Tags:
Inflation
(Jhunjhunwala says a year…)
MUMBAI: Benchmark Nifty can hit 1,25,000 by 2030 as company earnings are expected to grow 16% annually, according to investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala .
This target is almost 13 times the index's close of 8,537.65 on Tuesday.
Jhunjhunwala told a news channel that the Nifty has grown 10 times in the last 15 years and can jump 10-12 times in the next decade. "With the outlook for India, which is much better for the next 10 years than the growth in the past 10 years, and with increasing investor participation, don't you think the next 10 years should not be 10 but 15 times Nifty?" the investor told the channel, declining to give a target for 2015.
He said the market will be surprised by the country's growth in the coming years with Narendra Modi at its helm.
"Modi is an instrument. He is an instrument of change; he is not the change. The most remarkable thing of his first 180 days is that he has decided to do things at a measure and pace which is possible," said Jhunjhunwala. "The pace of change which he is bringing about is the one which the country and the situation and circumstances can absorb," he said.
He said the government's Swachh Bharat programme is the best investment this country can make. "It is five times more dividend than spending on health. So, you have to look at the completeness of the picture," he said.
Jhunjhunwala said a year later, Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan will regret not having cut rates in the policy review meeting on December 2. "This is because inflation will be 4% in India next year. We have had an unprecedented fall in oil prices," he said. "The worst is behind us and now we are importing 7% of gross domestic product as commodities. That benefit is yet to percolate down," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Protesters of Eric Garner Choke Hold Decision March Through NYCHELP
[{"id":14476486,"hedshort":"Coming Up: Live Report - Body Found in Search for...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Coming Up: Live Report - Body Found in Search for Pennsylvania Shooting Suspect","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"VP Biden Delivers Remarks at National Menorah...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/WhiteHouse_GoStream_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"VP Biden Delivers Remarks at National Menorah Lighting","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/WhiteHouse_GoStream_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"Coming Up: Pennsylvania Officials Give Update on...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Coming Up: Pennsylvania Officials Give Update on Body Found in Hunt for Shooting Suspect","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Ruckus in parliament over minister s  haramzadon  remarkRuckus in parliament over minister's 'haramzadon' remark
IANS –  Wed 3 Dec, 2014
Print
New Delhi, Dec 3 (IANS) Protests continued in parliament Wednesday over a controversial remark of union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti with the opposition demanding her resignation, disrupting the proceedings of both the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha.
A united opposition created an uproar in both houses, leading to repeated adjournments in the Rajya Sabha and once in the Lok Sabha.
This was the second consecutive day when a ruckus was created over the issue.
Both the houses got off to a stormy start, with the opposition members demanding the resignations of Sadhvi Jyoti who had reportedly used foul language in her speech at a Delhi BJP rally.
"Aapko tay karna hai ki Dilli mein sarkar Ramzadon ki banegi ya haramzadon ki. (You have to decide if you want a government in Delhi to be led by children of Lord Ram or illegitimate children)," she was quoted as saying.
In the Rajya Sabha, the members advanced to the speaker's podium, shouted slogans and demanded Prime Minister Narendra Modi's explanation on the issue.
"We feel shame in repeating what the minister has said. A mere apology is unacceptable," Communist Party of India-Marxist (CPI-M) leader Sitaram Yechury said.
Congress leader Anand Sharma said: "We don't accept apology; prime minister should come to the house and sack the minister. It is a cognizable and non-compoundable crime, punishable up to three years in jail."
Deputy Chairman P.J. Kurien had to thrice adjourn the proceedings of the house, before adjourning the house till 2 p.m.
Post lunch, opposition members continued shouting slogans and demanding the minister's dismissal from mthe council of ministers.
Samajwadi Party (SP) leader Ramgopal Yadav said Jyoti's comment was against the secular spirit of Indian Constitution.
As the din continued, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj could not read out a statement on the recent foreign visits of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Kurien asked her to table the statement, but the minister refused.
With the disruptions going on, the house was adjourned for half an hour and then for the day.
Similar scenes were witnessed in the Lok Sabha, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi was present.
Raising the issue, Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge said: "As the prime minister is present here today, I want the minister be asked to resign."
"I raise the issue again as some other statements had come after that and the prime minister has also said something," he said.
Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Rajiv Pratap Rudy responded, saying the minister has already apologised.
"Yesterday, the issue was discussed and the minister also apologized. Why are they raising the issue again? If they are doing for political gains, then it is not right to disrupt the parliament proceedings."
The speaker also dismissed adjournment motion and notice for suspension of question hour.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu said the minister had realised her mistake.
MPs went near the speaker's podium shouting slogans like "PM Jawab do (prime minister must answer). The minister should resign."
Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said all members will have to apologise if such issues get raised all the time.
"If such issues are raised, everybody will have to apologise," she said.
The speaker also dismissed adjournment motion and notice for suspension of question hour.
However, as din continued, she adjourned the house briefly.
While sloganeering was witnessed after that too, there were no more adjournments and the house resumed work later.
Recommend

Retailers and fund managers can go in for sail ofs for the following r...Reposted about 12 days 17 hrs 32 min 9 sec ago by nirmalaramani
Retailers and fund managers can go in for SAIL OFS for the following reason:
1.20% likely discount from book value
2.15-16 is action period for BJP and hence lot of infra projects will come and heavy demand for steel is forth coming.
3.SAIL has its own mines apart from some import from other countries.
4.Being still Govt PSU, it will have price advantage in tenders of Govt.
5.It is not affected in Coal gate scam.
6.FIIs will be interested to corner most of the stock as floating stock will be only 25% even after dilution and out of this, LIC will be keeping nearly 10%. So remaining 15% will be the floating stock and hence heavy purchases will pull up the price.
7.Since RBI is considering loan concession for core sector, Steel industry will get benefit. This is indicated by Rajan in his recent speech .
Happy investing.

This is a significant negative development in the scence it is not the...Platinum Member
126 Followers
This is a significant negative development in the scence it is not the first time PEL has  floundered while taking appropriate decisions in technology front , the other two being burning os Rs300 crores plus cash per annum for past severel years in research on NCE , and a semi lemon in the form of DRG . My holding in PEL is substantial .I have gou a good benefit out of my holding too . I continue to hold on but will keep it under watch .
Thank you for this post .
In reply to : naughty_008 message
7.30 AM Dec 4th

Simplyyy avoiddd d bogus stockCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I am 100% sure that if a company like indosolar ltd. can survive in di...Gold Member
779 Followers
Indian Solar energy is on the verge of BIG GROWTH. With Mr. Narendra Modi as our Prime Minister, he has shown in Gujarat that how Gujart has become a 24x7 power state in India. This is mainly able to get is via. Solar Energy. He has build various solar projects across canals, barren lands etc. He is going to replicate across India were there vast barren lands available with 365 days of bright sunlight. There hundred of Foreign countries from US,Canada, Swiss, and China who all want to get a foot hold in lucarative Indian Solar Energy markets. They all very well know that it takes time to set up a plants. So many smaller companies are going to be the soft targets for a take-over or equity stakes. Many of local companies are under severe financial pressure. They don`t even have working capital to run the company on a daily basis. Bank`s are not lending any money as they all are sitting heavily on HUGE DEBTS. So they require money. But those companies which can come out during this difficult times will be the leader. For the past 10 years, many company has perished. I will not surprised many companies will be taken over or there could lot of mergers and acquisitions happening. India`s ambitious plan is to provide 24x7x365 days un-interupted power across India till 2019. It`s not easy with coal, hydral power alone. There are lot of issues in Coal sector. Also, Nuclear energy has its own draw backs of safety. So the best option is to stick to Renewable Energy especially Solar Energy as India is one of the best place were there is ample sunlight with almost 365 days of bright sunlight. India is having ambitious target of 1,00,000 MW of renewable energy to meet till 2022. Out of this 70% would be from Solar Energy. Indian Local producers current capacity is JUST 550 MW combined. It is not at all possible to meet the above targets with the help of local producers. That is the reason why India did not implement "ANTI-DUMPING" duty on Foreign Products from China, Taiwan and USA. But on the other side GOI has assured the local players that they will get ample order to meet there capacity. So none of the local players needs worry. They all are sitting on very good order. What else one require. But the biggest problem is not the order. Its the cost of production. Now in International Market Solar Cells/Panels are getting cheaper and cheaper on a daily basis. Our Indian local producers cost of production is high as they all are using outdated technologies and machinery. Now GOI is thinking of importing latest technologies and machinery to be provided to local producers so that they can compete with the world. Also, they are going to bring in big sops in R&D Technology. Also, GOI of India is thinking of providing soft loans to these producers and may ask the bank to provide the same. So in my view this is just the beginning. A long way to happen. Many companies are sitting on huge debts and they don`t even have working capital to meet there daily demands. Please remember that "TAJ MAHAL WAS NOT BUILD IN ONE DAY`...Cheers and all the best.
In reply to : MadonnaB message
7.22 AM Dec 4th

Viral video 2014: When tourists get too close to lionsLion's Roar Reminds Tourists to Stay Inside Car
by Storyful 1:10 mins
2,259,200 views
Two young tourists got a little more than they bargained for when visiting the Kruger National Park in Gauteng, South Africa on January 19, when a lion reminded them who is king of the jungle. Leaning out of their car which was parked close to a lion and lioness, the children eagerly began taking photographs of the pair. However after few seconds, the lion issued a stern roar, sending the kids scrambling back inside the car. Credit: Nadav Ossendryver
Link

European stocks steady to higher ahead of ECB meeting; Dax up 0.18%Dec 03, 2014, 02.09 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
European stocks steady to higher ahead of ECB meeting; Dax up 0.18%
European stocks steady to higher ahead of ECB meeting; Dax up 0.18%
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
European stocks steady to higher ahead of ECB meeting; Dax up 0.18%
European stocks steady to higher ahead of ECB meeting; Dax up 0.18%
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - European stocks were steady to higher on Wednesday, amid heightened expectations for fresh easing measures by the European Central Bank ahead of its monthly policy meeting on Thursday.
During European morning trade, the EURO STOXX 50 added 0.11%, France's CAC 40 inched 0.03% higher, while Germany's DAX 30 rose 0.18%.
European equities remained supported after data on Friday showed that the annual rate of euro area inflation slowed to a five year low of 0.3% last month, down from 0.4% in October.
The weak data added to pressure on the ECB to step up measures to spur growth and stave off the threat of deflation ahead of its upcoming policy meeting on Thursday.
Earlier Wednesday, Markit research group said that Spain's services purchasing managers' index ticked down to 52.7 last month from 55.9 in October, confounding expectations for rise to 56.2.
Financial stocks were broadly higher, as French lenders BNP Paribas (PARIS:BNPP) and Societe Generale (PARIS:SOGN) gained 0.67% and 0.59%, while Germany's Deutsche Bank (XETRA:DBKGn) and Commerzbank (XETRA:CBKG) advanced 0.61% and 0.41%.
Among peripheral lenders, Italy's Unicredit (MILAN:CRDI) and Intesa Sanpaolo rose 0.21% and 0.54%, while Spanish banks BBVA (MADRID:BBVA) and Banco Santander added 0.15% 0.16%.
Elsewhere, Salzgitter (XETRA:SZGG) surged 2.36% after the German steelmaker said insurance policies will cover most losses linked to Russia's discontinuation of its Black Sea pipeline project.
On the downside, Nexity (PARIS:NEXI) saw shares tumble 1.98% after Groupe BPCE said it was selling a 4% stake in the French real-estate services company.
In London, FTSE 100 dipped 0.04%, weighed by Royal Mail, whose shares were down 3.08%.
The postal service company came under pressure as the Communication Workers Union called for a judicial review of postal regulator Ofcom after it said it would not change rules obliging Royal Mail to deliver across the U.K. for one price.
Mining stocks added to losses on the commodity-heavy index, as Bhp Billiton dropped 0.59% and Fresnillo (LONDON:FRES) declined 0.89%, while Randgold Resources (LONDON:RRS) and Antofagasta tumbled 0.91% and 1.55% respectively.
Meanwhile, financial stocks were mostly higher. Shares in Barclays added 0.10% and the Royal Bank of Scotland (LONDON:RBS) gained 0.53%, while Lloyds Banking (LONDON:LLOY) climbed 0.55%. HSBC Holdings (LONDON:HSBA) underperformed on the other hand, down 0.58%.
Astrazeneca (LONDON:AZN) added to gains, up 0.22% amid reports the drugmaker is fighting to avoid what might be billions of dollars in damages over claims it illegally paid to block generic versions of the heartburn tablet Nexium.
In the U.S., equity markets pointed to a steady open. The Dow Jones Industrial Average futures pointed to a 0.04% dip, S&P 500 futures signaled a 0.05% loss, while the Nasdaq 100 futures indicated a 0.02% downtick.
Later in the day, the euro zone was to release data on retail sales. The U.S. was to release the ADP report on private sector job creation, while the ISM was to publish a report on U.S. service sector activity.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Shah Rukh  Aamir and Salman come togetherCelebrity
Rajat Sharma brings the three Khans together
Rajat Sharma's popular talk show Aap Ki Adalat has completed 21 years and to celebrate its success, a mega event was hosted in New Delhi. From India's most powerful politicians to country's most loved stars everyone, attended the gala event.
Also see:
Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan and Aamir Khan along with the host Rajat Sharma do the iconic ‘Towel Dance’
1 / 30

RBI releases guidelines for setting up of and operating TReDSRBI releases guidelines for setting up of and operating TReDS
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 03, 2014 16:30 IST
The guidelines outline the requirements and the basic tenets of operating the TReDS, including the system participants, their roles, transaction process flow, settlement process, etc., besides indicating the eligibility criteria for entities desirous of setting up and operating such a system
 
 
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced the guidelines for setting up and operating the Trade Receivables Discounting System (TReDS). TReDs is a scheme for setting up and operating the institutional mechanism to facilitate the financing of trade receivables of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) from corporate and other buyers, including government departments and public sector undertakings (PSUs) through multiple financiers.
The guidelines outline the requirements and the basic tenets of operating the TReDS, including the system participants, their roles, transaction process flow, settlement process, etc., besides indicating the eligibility criteria for entities desirous of setting up and operating such a system. The activities of the system will have to adhere to legal and regulatory requirements in vogue.
The TReDS will be an authorised payment system and will also be subject to the oversight of the Reserve Bank of India under the Payment and Settlement Systems (PSS) Act, 2007.
The general guidelines as well as the application format for any non-bank entity to seek authorisation under the PSS Act for operating a payment system are available at http://rbidocs.rbi.org.in/rdocs/Publications/PDFs/86707.pdf. Entities meeting the eligibility criteria as outlined in the Guidelines and desirous of setting up the TReDS, may apply in the prescribed format to the Chief General Manager, Department of Payment and Settlement Systems, Reserve Bank of India, 14th Floor, Central Office Building, Shahid Bhagat Singh Marg, Mumbai-400001. Applications will be accepted till the close of business on February 13, 2015.
Background
The Governor, in his statement on September 04, 2013 had announced the intention to facilitate Electronic Bill Factoring Exchanges in the country, which could electronically accept and auction MSME bills against large companies so that MSMEs could be paid promptly. MSME sector faces the problem of delayed payment and mainly due to their dependency on their buyers within corporate and other sectors, including government departments/undertakings. They are often unable to take up the problem of delayed payments through appropriate institutional setup created for the purpose.
The Reserve Bank of India published a concept paper on "Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises (MSME) Factoring-Trade Receivables Exchange" in March 2014 taking into account the interest expressed by a few entities and in consultation with select stakeholders.
Based on the public comments received on the concept paper, the draft guidelines for setting up of and operating TReDS were formulated and hosted on RBI website on July 22, 2014. The feedback received from public/stakeholders, have facilitated the finalisation of these guidelines which are issued under Section 10(2) read with Section 18 of the Payment and Settlement (PSS) Act, 2007.

Sahara can sell three overseas hotelsSahara can mortgage three overseas hotels
Recommend
Link
14 days ago, ET NOW
According to the Sahara counsel, the Supreme Court has cleared the decks for sale of its four properties in India. There is also a plea from Sahara in SC to mortgage 3 of its overseas hotels.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - 12 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Chouhan wants to do a Modi in M.P.NEW DELHI, December 3, 2014
Updated: December 4, 2014 00:39 IST
Chouhan wants to do a Modi in M.P.
Jatin Gandhi
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan. File photo
TOPICS
state politics
His govt. is hunting for a PR agency of international repute to "position Madhya Pradesh as one of India’s leading States across sectors."
After the success of Narendra Modi's PR blitzkrieg that helped him successfully market the ‘Gujarat model’ in national politics during his days as Gujarat CM, the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government in Madhya Pradesh now wants to launch a massive Public Relations exercise. The government has started hunting for a PR agency of international repute with a minimum Rs 50 crore turnover to “position MP as one of India’s leading states across sectors.”
The hunt for the PR firm has begun at a time the Bhopal gas tragedy – among the world’s worst industrial disasters – completes 30 years. The state’s Department of Public Relations undertaking, Madhyam, released
The Request for Proposal document for selecting the PR firm on its website on December 1.
The terms and objectives set in the document are identical to the controversial RFP issued by the Gujarat government in June 2013 when Modi was making a bid for becoming the Bharatiya Janata Party’s PM candidate in 2013. Both RFPs set monthly targets for guaranteed favourable coverage and all-expenses-paid trips for national and international journalists. On the Oxford University’s Multi-dimensional Poverty Index on development, MP ranked third from the bottom among Indian states for 2014.
The MP government wants to hire the PR firm, according to the RFP, “to create national and international awareness about brand ‘Madhya Pradesh’.” The broad objectives of the exercise are to position MP as a leading state and “enhancing ‘top of the mind’ recall”, highlighting the state government’s initiatives in the national and international media and build a positive image of the state government.
Madhyam MD SK Mishra told The Hindu, “This is the first time we are engaging a PR agency on this scale. Since a lot of state governments were hiring PR agencies, we did not want to be left behind.” Asked if Gujarat’s PR success under Modi was the trigger, Mishra said: “Obviously everybody learns from success. MP has made contact with the corporate world during the recent Global Investment Summit (in MP) and we want to sustain it.”
According to the RFP, the PR firm will need to deploy a core team of 11 subject experts dedicated to MP based in Bhopal and New Delhi including two social media experts and three media coordinators. The government will provide office space to the firm and a one time grant of Rs 10 lakh for setting it up. The MP government, like the Gujarat government, has set a monthly target of “two major stories from the state in national newspapers and TV channels and one story in national magazines.” PR industry sources put the average bill of the agency at Rs 20 lakh per month or more apart from other expenses. This is apart from the travel, entertainment and lodging expenditure on journalists which will be borne by the state government, according to the RFP.
MP leader of the opposition Satyadev Katare criticised the government’s move as “Chouhan’s personal PR pitch.” He said: “When there is no money to pay salaries, there is no point in doing little work and spending lakhs on PR.” Politically, Chouhan was always considered the dark horse for the post of BJP’s PM candidate. At 55, he remains a future contender and is working hard on his image, a BJP leader conceded in New Delhi.

IPTL is great for the fans and players: Agassitennis
Andre Agassi has seen many tournaments come and go in his long and illustrious career and the American great believes the new International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) has all the ingredients to be a long-term success.
The 44-year-old joined up with his Singapore Slammers teammates on the second leg of the Asia-based mixed team event this week and was quick to echo the sentiments of all the players involved, who have been united in their enthusiasm for the innovative competition.
“There’s a lot of upsides in this for me,” he told reporters in Singapore, one of a quartet of Asian cities hosting the IPTL along with Manila, Delhi and Dubai.
“Watching the sport go to places where there should be tennis and enthusiastic fans who can enjoy a format that is motivational to the younger generation in these cities, in these communities,” he added.
“It’s great for them and for the players, acting like a team out there. You want it bad but you also want to keep it relaxed so it’s a fun environment for us.
“You also get to see so many different match-ups and the game played in so many different ways and that also lends to a better future for the sport.” Agassi is one of the ‘icons’ on the four teams, who have also recruited a host of big names including Serena Williams, Roger Federer, Novak Djokovic and Maria Sharapova.
He said fans would warm to the tournament once they fully understand its complex scoring system.
“It’s a bit like our ranking system in that once you kind of get it then you are fine ... you understand it,” said the eight-time Grand Slam champion.
“So those things are being worked out day-to-day but only a few days into it and everybody is getting a lot more comfortable.
“This will grow for the crowds as next year they will know what to expect. I think that enthusiasm and knowledge will translate but it already is pretty high.”
Regarding the future of the event, Agassi sees it as a welcome addition to the existing tour, but not a game-changer.
“Can you ever say that the pillars of the sport will morph into this? That’s a stretch as we are a sport of great tradition,” he said.
“This needs to be a supplement to it in my opinion. It’s a great release for the players and an opportunity to communicate their personalities more.”

National Park Service forces changes to Wrigley renovation plan11
Specifically, the agency was concerned that the two video screens and five signs would take the focus away from the historic centerfield scoreboard and recommended the team reduce the number of signs, said Park Service spokeswoman Kathy Kupper.
In addition to removing a script sign in left field, the Cubs made several other concessions to receive the Park Service's approval of the signage, according to an agreement the agency provided the Tribune on Wednesday.
The proposed right-field video screen will shrink to 2,200 square feet from 2,400 square feet. It will also be moved closer to the foul line where the bleachers are not as tall. The new location allows the video screen to be set lower. A script sign that the Cubs planned to put in the same location will be moved closer to the centerfield scoreboard.
The Park Service also had concerns about the number of video screens in the ballpark. In light of the second video board in the outfield, the agency asked the Cubs to modify the LED video ribbon board planned for the fascia of the upper deck grandstand.
The agreement appears unclear on the future of those ribbon boards. Kupper said the Cubs would eliminate them entirely and replace them with billboards. However, Green said the Cubs have agreed only to reduce the length of ribbon board with the exact length to be determined.
If the Cubs eliminate one or more of the proposed outfield signs, the agency will reconsider the team's request for the ribbon boards, Kupper said.
In seeking the tax incentives, the Cubs are required to gain approval of the entire project from the Park Service, which determines whether the renovation of historic properties meets the Department of Interior's standards and is thus eligible for tax credits.
The federal government has promoted the tax breaks as a way to preserve historic commercial properties and encourage their contemporary use. The tax breaks are credited with saving Fenway Park in Boston, the oldest baseball stadium in the major leagues.
Once the Park Service determines that a project is eligible for credits, preservationists said, it typically takes an ongoing regulatory role, lending an additional layer of evaluation to the redevelopment of historic properties.
The Park Service reviewed about 40 amendments for the Fenway Park proposal, Kupper said.
"This is very standard, does not raise my eyebrows whatsoever," said McDonald, of Landmarks Illinois.
A key difference between the federal and local review processes is that Park Service officials may be less subject to political pressure than members of a local landmarks commission appointed by the mayor.
McDonald added: "I think (Park Service officials) have a different mentality in mind. They recognize that they are guardians for the taxpayers funding the preservation program in our nation."
Tribune reporter Blair Kamin contributed.

PowerMin to include stricter penalties in amended Electricity ActPowerMin to include stricter penalties in amended Electricity Act
Crude gains as U.S. stockpiles take unexpected diveDec 04, 2014, 12.28 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Crude gains as U.S. stockpiles take unexpected dive
Crude gains as U.S. stockpiles take unexpected dive
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Crude gains as U.S. stockpiles take unexpected dive
Crude gains as U.S. stockpiles take unexpected dive
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Crude futures rose on Wednesday after data revealed U.S. oil inventories fell last week, defying market calls for an increase, though global supply concerns and a stronger dollar kept gains at bay, sending the commodity dipping into negative territory at times.
A stronger greenback tends to make oil a less attractive commodity on dollar-denominated exchanges, especially in the eyes of investors holding other currencies.
In the New York Mercantile Exchange, West Texas Intermediate crude oil futures for delivery in January traded up 0.40% at $67.15 a barrel during U.S. trading, up from a session low of $66.89 a barrel and off a high of $68.20 a barrel.
The January contract settled down 3.07% at $66.88 a barrel on Tuesday.
Support for the commodity was seen at $63.72 a barrel, Monday's low, and resistance at $73.56 a barrel, Friday's high.
The U.S. Energy Information Administration said in its weekly report that U.S. crude oil inventories declined by 3.7 million barrels in the week ending Nov. 28, confounding expectations for an increase of 1.3 million barrels.
Total U.S. crude oil inventories stood at 379.3 million barrels as of last week.
The report also showed that total motor gasoline inventories increased by 2.1 million barrels, above expectations for a gain of 1.1 million, while distillate stockpiles rose by 3.0 million barrels.
Oil prices rose on the news, though ongoing concerns that the world is awash in crude while supply remains soft and output unaffected by conflicts in the Mideast and Eastern Europe capped gains.
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries said last week that it would keep its official production target unchanged at 30 million barrels a day, disappointing hopes the oil cartel would lower output to support the market.
Markets have assumed that Saudi Arabia championed letting prices fall in hopes less cost-effective U.S. shale producers would halt operations.
A stronger dollar put a ceiling on the commodity's uptick as well.
The Institute of Supply Management reported earlier said that its non-manufacturing purchasing managers' index rose to 59.3 in November from 57.1 in October.
Analysts had expected the index to inch up to 57.5 in November, and the better-than-expected report kept expectations firm that the Federal Reserve will move to hike interest rates next year, which gave the greenback a boost.
The data came after payroll processor ADP reported that the U.S. private sector created 208,000 jobs in November, falling short of expectations for jobs growth of 223,000 and down from 233,000 in October.
Still, the number topped 200,000, which allayed fears that Friday's official November jobs report may indicate that the labor market may be softening.
Separately, on the ICE Futures Exchange in London, Brent oil futures for January delivery were down 1.18% at US$69.71 a barrel, while the spread between Brent and U.S. crude contracts stood at $2.56.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

A low-profile  hardworking CBI director at helmA low-profile  hardworking CBI director at helm
Is the gossip in Lutyens  Delhi shutting down(The only notable tweet of…)
NEW DELHI: Sample these:
A very senior minister has met an astrologer and he's been told he will be PM in three years
There were a few secret meetings between Modi's ministers
A senior Sangh/BJP leader was in a bit of a hot water because the parivar apparently wasn't thrilled that he was spotted drinking champagne at an upscale Delhi establishment
How familiar is BJP chief Amit Shah with Hanuman Chalisa and the Art of War
There's a little-publicised group of economists the PM seeks out for advice on policy
A frontrunner for a PMO job lost out as he was a kleptomaniac
A minister did several pujas before the Cabinet reshuffle
There's a spendthrift, foreign visits-addicted chief minister who has a big corporate friend When
Arvind Kejriwal was going for his latest vipasana session, he met some Cong leaders...
These are tweets, peddling political gossip about VVIPs.
The tweets are among 500-odd posts that came from four Twitter handles which are about a month old: @RealLutyens, @LutyensSpice, @LutyensInsider and @LutyensMasala.
Is the political establishment contemptuously ignoring these Twitter gossipmongers? Not quite. The establishment is starting to take note of these gossipy tweets — and, interestingly, the volume of tweets from the four 'Lutyens' handles have come down sharply of late.
@RealLutyens, @LutyensSpice and @LutyensInsider are posting in dribbles instead of in volumes. RealLutyens has posted just about five tweets in the past week, and the nature of the gossip has changed — from VVIPs to hacks and generalised stuff about parties.
The only notable tweet of RealLutyens in the past few days was the one about the minister and the astrologer. Lutyens-Spice has not tweeted anything ever since it posted on November 19 that it is taking a break from Twitter because of "pressure from agencies". Before that day, its tweets ranged on subjects from Shah's health to intra-PMO politics to "paranoia" in Rajnath Singh and Sushma Swaraj "camps".
Similarly, it's been almost 10 days since LutyensInsider, known for posting Congress and AAP-related content, tweeted. The appearance of these political gossip-peddling Twitter handles could be explained partly by supply meeting demand in a gossip-starved Capital, which now hosts a confident government that keeps tight control on authorised information flow and an even tighter control on "leaks".
But what explains the sudden drop in gossipy tweets? One account said "pressure from agencies". But senior officials of the Intelligence Bureau told ET these gossip handles are not being investigated.
Political parties ET spoke to lambasted these tweeters but also said they haven't asked for any action.
A senior member of BJP's information technology cell, who didn't want to be identified, said these accounts are being monitored because of their "mischief potential". "They are targetting our party... social media is important," he said.
This IT specialist said the party "can't do anything about these Twitter handles" but that "it's closely watching them".
Shahnawaz Hussain, BJP leader, said Twitter must come up with a mechanism to monitor "these handles that tweet defamatory gossip without any credibility". "They are using lies to bring down the reputation of leaders. This is not right," Hussain said.
BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said, "It's pretty clear some of these handles are operating with an agenda, to defame politicians who are doing good work." Congress' Manish Tewari was more critical.
"These are basement sweatshops manipulating social media under the cover of privacy.
Many of them are malicious and even subversive to national security.
Since the servers are elsewhere, you don't even know if the tweets are being posted from a country where there are no laws for virtual defamation." Twitter very rarely practices censorship, and it doesn't have an automated process to block and remove accounts.
Requests for blocking a handle go into a queue that moves slowly. Twitter officials, ET has learnt, have received a large number of requests for action against these accounts. The company's official response, when contacted for this report, was: "We don't comment on individual accounts."
In a written reply on Wednesday to a parliamentary question, Communications & IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said 45 cases have been registered against fake/duplicate social media accounts.
He also said the cyberspace is "borderless and anonymous". That's a problem for regulators. Breaking down the anonymity barrier in Twitter is almost an impossible undertaking for most.
How credible are these gossip tweets? There is no truth standard in Twitter, these and other similar tweets are assessed only by the fuzzy word-of-mouth verdicts in Delhi's incestuous politicalmedia circles.

Asian Stocks Take Comfort in US Economic Resilience  Euro StrugglesYou are here: Home Market
Asian Stocks Take Comfort in US Economic Resilience, Euro Struggles
Reuters | Updated On: December 04, 2014 07:18 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Tokyo: Asian stocks edged higher on Thursday as fresh signs of resilience in the US economy offset some of the gloom over a weakening global outlook, while the euro wallowed near two-year lows before a much-anticipated European Central Bank meeting.
Tokyo's Nikkei rose 0.8 per cent, with sentiment buoyed by media projections suggesting a strong win for Japanese premier Shinzo Abe's coalition at the Dec. 14 election. A victory for Abe could lead to a new mandate for his "Abenomics" economic policies.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan tacked on 0.1 per cent, while Australian shares were up 0.6 per cent.
The improved mood was helped by the Dow and S&P scoring record highs overnight after private payrolls and services sector data underscored the US economy's resilience.
That contrasted with the gloom in the euro zone, with a survey showing business activity grew less than expected in November and raised the spectre of another economic contraction.
The euro struggled as a result. It fetched $1.2308 after falling to a two-year low of $1.2301 overnight on the view that the ECB will be forced to inject even more stimulus to prop up the tottering euro zone economy.
While a full-blown quantitative easing program after Thursday's policy review is seen as unlikely, some believe the ECB may lay the groundwork for a such move early next year.
"The prospect of a sovereign bond buying program is looking ever more likely. It probably won't begin tonight (however, we see further corporate bond buying tonight)," Evan Lucas, market strategist at IG in Melbourne, wrote in a note to clients.
"The prospect will only increase sentiment towards European equities."
Speculation that the ECB will pave the way on Thursday for sovereign debt purchases has pushed down euro zone debt yields across the board. The Italian 10-year yield fell to a record low below 2 percent overnight.
The dollar rose to a new seven-year high of 119.910 yen after the upbeat US data further highlighted the diverging monetary policy paths of the United States and Japan.
Crude oil markets remained choppy after last Thursday's decision by OPEC not to cut supply sparked volatility and a sharp price fall.
US crude was little changed at $67.37 a barrel after rising the previous day on data showing a surprise tumble in US inventories. US crude has lost more than 30 per cent so far this year, touching a seven-year low of $63.72 on Monday.
Gold clung to gains after catching a lift overnight on firmer oil prices. Spot gold was steady at $1,208.50 an ounce after gaining 0.9 per cent the previous day.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 07:15 (IST)

2014 could be hottest year on recordUpdated: December 4, 2014 14:26 IST
2014 could be hottest year on record
Meena Menon
Tweet
AP
A 2009 art installation of ice figures on the stairs of Gendarmenmarkt in Berlin. One thousand ice figures by Brasilian artist Nele Azevedo were melting within 30 minutes symbolizing the effect of global warming.
TOPICS
global change
Largely due to record high sea surface temperatures, says World Meteorological Organisation report
The World Meteorological Organisation (WMO) says 2014 is on track to be one of the hottest, if not the hottest, on record, according to its preliminary estimates released during the climate talks here.
This was largely due to record high global sea surface temperatures, which will very likely remain above normal until the year-end. High sea temperatures, together with other factors, contributed to exceptionally heavy rainfall and floods in many countries and extreme drought in others. The WMO’s provisional statement on the Status of the Global Climate in 2014 indicated that the global average air temperature over land and sea surface for January to October was about 0.09°C above the average for the past 10 years (2004-2013).
The statement says that if November and December maintain the same tendency, then 2014 will likely be the hottest on record, ahead of 2010, 2005 and 1998. This confirms the underlying long-term warming trend. It is important to note that differences in the rankings of the warmest years are a matter of only a few hundredths of a degree, and that different data sets show slightly different rankings, the WMO pointed out.
During the year, sea surface temperatures increased nearly to El Niño thresholds but this was not coupled with an atmospheric response. However, many weather and climate patterns normally associated with El Niño/Southern Oscillation (ENSO) were observed in many parts of the world.
“The provisional information for 2014 means that 14 of the 15 warmest years on record have all occurred in the 21st century,” said WMO Secretary-General Michel Jarraud in the statement issued on Wednesday.
The provisional statement was published to inform the annual climate change negotiations taking place in Lima.
The provisional statement also points out that average air temperatures over land for January to October 2014 were about 0.86°C above the 1961-1990 average, the fourth or fifth warmest for the same period on record. Western North America, Europe, eastern Eurasia, much of Africa, large areas of South America and southern and western Australia were especially warm. Final updates and figures for 2014 will be published in March 2015.
The latest analysis of observations by the WMO Global Atmosphere Watch Programme shows that atmospheric levels of carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), and nitrous oxide (N2O) reached new highs in 2013. Data for 2014 have not yet been processed.
Heat waves
Heat waves occurred in South Africa, Australia and Argentina in January. Australia saw another prolonged warm spell in May. Record heat affected northern Argentina, Paraguay, Bolivia and southern Brazil in October. Notable cold waves were reported in the U.S. during the winter, Australia in August and in Russia in October.
Temperatures were particularly high in the Northern Hemisphere from June to October for reasons which are subject to intense scientific investigation, according to the statement.

Opening Bell 4 December | Asian markets perk up on positive US dataOpening Bell 4 December | Asian markets perk up on positive US data
Digital unit of Sapna Book House buys Ishita Tech  3 brandsDigital unit of Sapna Book House buys Ishita Tech  3 brands
Sell sell sell operator no more.Platinum Member
176 Followers
Can some body help me i m holding 50000 share . can i make average by buying 10 share daily till 500 shares so that my average comes down.
In reply to : deepesh_vora message
12.33 PM Dec 3rd

Excellent company to invest. buy on dips.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

What about jbf ind  polyplex and jindal polyufle is passing decrease in raw matrial prices to its customers
9.47 PM Dec 3rd  | Track

Hit and run case: Above normal alcohol content in Salman s blood  expert tells courtComments
A forensic expert arguing in the September 24, 2008 Salman Khan hit and run case, said in the sessions court on Wednesday that the alcohol content found in the Bollywood star's blood was higher than normal. Khan, accompanied by sisters Alvira and Arpita, appeared for the case hearing in which he is accused of culpable homicide. 
Salman Khan rode back home from a Bandra studio in broad daylight, though his bodyguards were tailing him.
The 12-year-case is about a road accident in Mumbai's Bandra area on September 28, 2002, which left one person dead and four others injured.
Earlier, the actor was supposed to be present in the court on September 24, 2014, but he was later exempted from personal appearance. 
A witness in the case had told the trial court on October 9, 2014 that he had seen the actor in the driver's seat of his vehicle in a hotel's parking lot on the night when it allegedly mowed down five pavement dwellers.
The witness, an attendant at the JW Marriott Hotel in suburban Juhu, testified against the actor in the trial court stating that it was Salman who was behind the wheel before the SUV left the hotel.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

California Drought Could Wipe Out Iconic FishCalifornia Drought Threatens To Wipe Out Coho Salmon Group As Water Levels Drop
Reuters  |  By                                                                      Michael Fleeman
reddit
Dec 1 (Reuters) - California's three-year drought threatens  to wipe out the last of the Muir Woods coho salmon that make  their way each year from the Pacific Ocean to spawn in a  freshwater creek running through the redwoods near San  Francisco, state officials said on Monday.
As the annual salmon migration reaches its peak in streams  through the northern part of the state, those in Redwood Creek,  the southernmost home for returning coho salmon, are on the  verge of local extinction, officials said. About 100 juvenile  salmon found trapped in the drought-lowered creek are now being  raised at a local hatchery.
"We just have to wait and see how the fish mature in the  hatchery and what the environmental conditions look like next  winter," said Manfred Kittel, the California Department of Fish  and Wildlife's regional coho salmon recovery coordinator. "The  plan theoretically is to put them back in the creek hoping there  is enough water to support them."
The coho, also called silver salmon, once thrived in Redwood  Creek in Marin County and provided sustenance for both the Miwok  Indians and grizzly bears.
But a search last winter found no coho salmon eggs and there  was no sign of any baby salmon over the summer, Kittel said. The  young salmon sent to the hatchery will stay there for the next  15 months.
Each winter, 3-year-old fish swim from the ocean to their  birthplace in Muir Woods, a protected area that includes many  redwoods, along with other stream systems in the state to lay  their eggs.
Last month, the state said salmon migration in the American  River watershed near Sacramento was slower than usual amid dry  weather and warmer temperatures.
The threat to the Redwood Creek coho mirrors problems for  salmon throughout the Western United States, where their numbers  have dropped dramatically.
The Redwood Creek salmon also face the problem of the  popularity of Muir Woods National Monument, established in 1908  by President Theodore Roosevelt. Traffic jams are common on the  small road leading to the monument.
"This is a very important signal and we can't afford to  ignore it," said Kristin Shannon, chair of a local watchdog  group. "The Park Service needs to follow their higher mission,  which is to protect the woods and the salmon for the next  generation."     (Reporting by Michael Fleeman in Los Angeles; Editing by Sharon  Bernstein and Peter Cooney)
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Tears and tributes flow for HughesLATEST PHOTOS
Tears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
Prev Next
Michael Clarke (Australia Test and ODI captain in eulogy speech)
"I don't know about you, but I keep looking for him. I know it is crazy but I expect any minute to take a call from him or to see his face pop around the corner. Is this what we call the spirit? If so, then his spirit is still with me. And I hope it never leaves."
Michael Clarke (Australia Test and ODI captain in eulogy speech)
"I don't know about you, but I keep looking for him. I know it is crazy but I expect any minute to take a call from him or to see his face pop around the corner. Is this what we call the spirit? If so, then his spirit is still with me. And I hope it never leaves."
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
New Zealand vs Pakistan OD...
Australia vs India, 1st Test
Tue 9 Dec, 2014 5:44 AM IST
Action images from the 1st Test between Australia and India played at Adelaide between December 9-13, 2014. Scores More » Australia vs India, 1st Test
Sri Lanka vs England, 6th ODI
Sat 13 Dec, 2014 1:12 PM IST
Flare Up: Warner vs Indians
Fri 12 Dec, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Virat Kohli had to play peacemaker to the warring Indians and Australians on the fourth day of the Adelaide Test. It all happened in the post-Tea session when David Warner was called back after being bowled off a Varun Aaron no-ball. Having been accorded a huge send off by the bowler, who was obviously … More » Flare Up: Warner vs Indians
5th ODI: Sri Lanka vs England
Fri 12 Dec, 2014 7:18 AM IST
Johnson Hits Kohli: The Bouncer Incident
Thu 11 Dec, 2014 5:48 PM IST
India captain Virat Kohli received a bouncer to his helmet on the first ball of his innings in Adelaide today. Kohli was shaken as was Mitchell Johnson, with memories of Phil Hughes fresh in everyone's minds. Kohli overcame the incident to score a fine hundred. Johnson too bounced back by dismissing … More » Johnson Hits Kohli: The Bouncer Incident
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Cricket Photos of The Week 7.12.14
Mon 8 Dec, 2014 3:58 PM IST
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
Sun 7 Dec, 2014 12:47 PM IST
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]

SAIL sell-off likely on December 5You are here: Home > Collections > Ofs
SAIL share sale likely on December 5; stock cracks over 5%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 3, 2014, 03.21PM IST
Tags:
The disinvestment of 5 per cent stake in state-run Steel Authority of India is likely to happen on December 5 (Friday), says ET Now quoting sources.
This would be the government's first disinvestment in the current financial year (FY15).
The stock took a tumble on the Street after the news came in. It slipped as much as 5.09 per cent.
At 3:09 pm, the stock was trading at Rs 85.50; down 4.84 per cent.
The sale of 5 per cent stake, or about 20.65 crore shares , of the steel maker at the current market price of Rs 85.45 apiece would fetch the exchequer around Rs 1,764.54 crore.
Domestic roadshows for the issue were held in Mumbai and Chennai in September. Two teams were sent to meet overseas investors. While one visited London, New York and Boston, the other solicited participation of investors based in Singapore and Hong Kong.
Apart from SAIL , Coal India , NHPC , PFC and REC are on the block among others. The government has been using the OFS route for disinvestment of PSUs.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved a 10.82 per cent stake sale in the country's largest steel maker. Accordingly, the first tranche of disinvestment of 5.82 per cent was done in March 2013.
Retail investors would be offered an additional incentive of an increased investment quota as well as discount to the issue price, which would be announced a day before the OFS. The government might announce the issue date two days prior to the OFS.
Market regulator Sebi had in January, 2013 permitted the promoters of top 100 companies to use the auction route or OFS route to dilute stake in listed companies. It also permitted OFS in those PSUs which were to meet the minimum 25 per cent public holding norm.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suven Life raises Rs 200 crore through QIPDec 03, 2014, 08.45 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Suven Life raises Rs 200 crore through QIP
The offering was for 1,04,53,690 equity shares of face value of Rs 1 per equity share at a price of Rs 191.32 per share.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Suven Life raises Rs 200 crore through QIP
The offering was for 1,04,53,690 equity shares of face value of Rs 1 per equity share at a price of Rs 191.32 per share.
Post your opinion here
 
Pharmaceuticals firm  Suven Life Sciences Ltd Wednesday said it has raised Rs 200 crore through Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) route to fund its clinical development programme and capital expenditure.
The offering was for 1,04,53,690 equity shares of face value of Rs 1 per equity share at a price of Rs 191.32 per share.
Post issue the promoters holding will be over 59 percent as against 64.76 per cent on September 30, 2014.
In a BSE filing, Suven Life Sciences said, "It has concluded its Rs 200 crore fund raising exercise through the Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) process."
The funds raised will be effectively deployed to fund the clinical development programme, capital expenditure and for general corporate purposes, it added.
Suven Life Sciences Chairman Venkat Jasti said: "One of the strategic objectives of this deal was to get the right set of long-term investors of high credibility and the willingness to back the long-term business plan of our company."
"The response to this QIP issue is a testimony to Suven's growth oriented financial performance and confidence of the investors in Suven's unique business model in CRAMS (contract research and manufacturing services) and NCE (new chemical entity)," the company said.
Anand Rathi Advisors Ltd acted as the sole global co-ordinator and book running lead manager for this QIP.
Shares of the company rose 5.42 percent to end at Rs 219.85 apiece on the BSE.
Suven Life Sci stock price
On December 10, 2014, Suven Life Sciences closed at Rs 219.00, down Rs 1.1, or 0.5 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 236.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 67.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 10.09 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 21.7. The latest book value of the company is Rs 20.86 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 10.50.
RELATED NEWS

Continental Chemicals company secretary & CO Sourav Malhotra resignsDec 03, 2014, 08.13 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Continental Chemicals company secretary & CO Sourav Malhotra resigns
Continental Chemicals in its meeting held on November 24, 2014 have taken the note of cessation of Shri Sourav Malhotra, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company who submitted his resignation due to some personal reasons and ceased to be the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer with effect from November 22, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Continental Chemicals company secretary & CO Sourav Malhotra resigns
Continental Chemicals in its meeting held on November 24, 2014 have taken the note of cessation of Shri Sourav Malhotra, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company who submitted his resignation due to some personal reasons and ceased to be the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer with effect from November 22, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Continental Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on November 24, 2014 have taken the note of cessation of Shri Sourav Malhotra, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company who submitted his resignation due to some personal reasons and ceased to be the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer with effect from November 22, 2014.Source : BSE

Babri Masjid: Modi willing  top litigant vows solutionPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
The oldest litigant in the Babri Masjid case today said he was ready for talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi for peaceful negotiations in the matter only if he promises that he will ensure punishment to those accused of its demolition.
“I am ready to come to the negotiation table with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, but before we start talking on this issue I want Modi to put the trial of Babri Masjid demolition accused on fast track,” 92-year-old Hashim Ansari said here, days ahead of the 22nd anniversary of the demolition of Babri Masjid.
“Special CBI courts in Lucknow and Rai Bareli have been conducting trial of the Babri Masjid demolition accused for the past 22 years. This is clear denial of justice, if Modi promises that he will personally ensure that the accused will be punished within a time frame, then we are ready to talk for the peaceful negotiation of the dispute,” he said.
Ansari also attacked Uttar Pradesh minister Azam Khan for his remarks on the Babri Masjid issue. “What was the need for Azam Khan to bring up the Babri Masjid issue. Till the time Khan is not removed from the ministership, I will not advocate the matter myself and will tell people that Khan is betraying the community,” he told a TV channel.
Khan had recently said that the Ayodhya dispute was a “dead issue”.

Black money: SC orders March deadline to CentreIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
The Supreme Court today asked the Centre to ensure that the ongoing income tax probe for suspected black money concerning 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC bank, Geneva, do not get time barred and be completed by March next year.
The court also said that if for any reasons the probe remains inconclusive, the Centre will take appropriate decision to extend the deadline of March 31, 2015.
A Bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu also asked the apex court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) to probe the cases of black money to consider the plea for furnishing certain information and correspondences received by it to the petitioners without “blackening” the contents.
Eminent jurist Ram Jethmalani, who is one of the petitioners in the matter, submitted that the then Solicitor General in the previous UPA government Mohan Parasaran, had supplied some letters and documents after masking certain portions.
The bench, also comprising Justices M B Lokur and A K Sikri, accepted another plea of Jethmalani’s counsel Anil Divan that the SIT headed by Justice M B Shah, should consider the plea for providing him the copies of the reports of its probe into the black money cases.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi responded to the pleas saying that he would not say “no” for supplying the copies of the reports submitted by the SIT and also assured that the issue of time bar would not arise in the tax probe for suspected black money.
“We are aware of it and there would not be any problem as now the prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated upto 16 years of commission of the offence,” he said.
The bench, in its order, said, “we are confident that the proceedings before the income tax department will be completed by March 31, 2015 and if for any reasons it is not completed, we are confident that appropriate decision will be taken”.
Rohatgi said he was not aware as to why certain portions of documents supplied to previous UPA regime was “blackened”.
While the issue of masking certain portions of documents was being deliberated, the bench said, “the dates and designation of officers are there and if you will try you can make out everything”.
The bench, which posted the next hearing for January 20, said for all his grievances, Jethmalani can make representation before the SIT which will consider the plea.
At the end of the hearing, activist advocate Prashant Bhushan raised the issue of disclosing names of 250 people who admitted to holding accounts in foreign banks but let off after tax proceedings.
However, after the Attorney General said his intervention application has not been allowed as yet, the bench said his plea cannot be addressed by it.
Jethmalani said, “see the tragedy of a person trying to recover the black money for the country. I am sitting in opposition. This is the tragedy of the country”.
Rohatgi said the court was not the proper forum for raising such issue.
The Centre on October 29 had given to the apex court a list of 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC bank, Geneva, in which tax probe for suspected black money has to be completed by March next year.
The documents containing correspondence with French authorities, names of the account holders and the status report of the probe conducted so far in black money cases were submitted in separate sealed covers by the Attorney General which the apex court had not opened.
Instead, the court had said the envelopes would be opened by Chairman M B Shah and Vice Chairman Arijit Pasayat, both former judges of the Supreme Court, who are part of the court-appointed SIT, and decide on future course of action.
It had asked the SIT to conduct a probe against the account holders and submit its status report of its probe as expeditiously as possible.
The Centre had submitted that almost half of the account holders are resident Indians who could be prosecuted under the Income Tax laws and rest of them are NRIs.
Rohatgi had said some of the account holders have already admitted to having accounts and having paid taxes.
Rohatgi had said that details of account holders are of 2006 which were supplied by the French government to the Centre in 2011. Most transactions in those accounts took place during 1999 and 2000 and the last date for completion and assessment in all these cases is March 31, 2015.
He had said the IT Act has been amended. Instead of six years, now the prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated upto 16 years of commission of the offence, he had said.
TAGS: Black Money
More from economy

Kashmir rejects separatists in polls They are only  half a Machil  awayKashmir rejects separatists? They are only 'half a Machil' away
Harinder Baweja , Hindustan Times   December 03, 2014
First Published: 16:56 IST(3/12/2014) | Last Updated: 11:51 IST(5/12/2014)
Comments
Kashmir has come a long way electorally from the time terror organisations openly displayed television sets and coffins outside polling booths. Then, the message in no unclear terms was: whoever dares to vote can take the television as a prize but end up in the coffin.
Kashmiri voters queue at a polling station in Handwara, about 70 kms north of capital Srinagar. (AFP photo)
Fear outside polling stations was palpable all through the nineties and in the current election underway in the state, the headlines are emerging from the high voter turnout. Seldom have Kashmiris lined up in long queues but is the high turnout-- 71% in the first two phases --really a rejection of the separatists as we are being told? Are the Kashmiris really saying they want 'azadi' from the Hurriyat hardliners who would rather have the electorate boycott the poll?
It would be foolish to read the mood in such banal and simplistic ways. The Kashmiris draw a clear distinction between an election and the larger political resolution of a dispute that has them firmly centered in the crosshairs. They vote for daily needs--bijli, sadak paani--as do you and I in UP, MP, Delhi or Karnataka. "We have a right just like you do. Why should the government not provide us basic amenities," is the popular refrain. They vote also because government schemes are designed around legislators and constituency funds and Kashmiris feel they have the right to demand better schools and medical care.
If voter turnout were to be an indicator of the ground situation in the state, the 2008 election ought to have settled it. The queues outside polling stations were fairly long then too. Take one example: in Handwara, from where separatist leader-turned-regular politician Sajjad Ghani Lone is contesting, the turnout has stayed in the 70 percent bracket over two elections: 71 percent in 2014 and 75 percent in 2008.
If percentages were an indicator, the Valley would not have gone through one of its most turbulent phases in the summer of 2010, two years after a successful election in 2008. And let's not forget that the 2010 agitation--which started soon after the fake encounter in Machil --was being steered by the separatists. Hadn't we written off the separatists after the 2008 election too?
For most of us sitting in Delhi, the separatists are 'anti-nationals', more so after the Narendra Modi government called off talks with Pakistan because the neighbour's high commissioner held meetings with the Hurriyat leaders.
If the government at the Centre is indeed serious about resolving the Kashmir issue, it must first understand the difference between aspiration and alienation. Yes, the Kashmiris aspire for a better future through jobs, through better education facilities and through better healthcare but an election does not bring the alienated community any closer to the power centre in New Delhi.
Too many promises have been made by too many prime ministers. Atal Bihari Vajpayee promised everything within the circle of humanity (insaniyat). PV Narasimha and Deve Gowda too, while speaking of autonomy for Jammu and Kashmir, had said, "the sky is the limit." More recently, after the 2010 agitation rocked the state, home minister P Chidamabaram set up a three member committee whose report was submitted but never acted on.
If there is any azadi the Kashmiris want, it is from oppression: the oppression and high-handedness of the army and the paramilitary forces through whom the Center makes its presence felt.
If Machil happened when the UPA was in power, Kashmir has already seen the killing of two young schoolboys in Budgam under the new Modi dispensation. Yes, in a first, the government was quick to regret the killings of the boys travelling in a Maruti car but that is only one small step towards alienated Kashmir.
It would be real pity if the Center sat back after the conclusion of the elections with the view that the democratic process is the final cure. Too many governments have made the same mistake. The elections, in fact, are a window of opportunity. Gone are the days when the Kashmiris considered it an honour to shelter gun-wielding terrorists.
If the Kashmiris have rejected anything--it is gun and the cycle of violence that spared hardly a home in the Valley. The governments led by Omar Abdullah in the state and Manmohan Singh at the Center, both failed the Kashmiris when they met stone pelters with bullets.
A smart government will be one that reaches out in innovative ways. Else, the separatists are there. It will take half a 'Machil' for them to gain center-stage.

Other side of the story: Rohtak girls allegations challengedRohtak sisters were not molested in bus, claim fresh witnesses
Sat Singh , Hindustan Times  Rohtak, December 03, 2014
First Published: 20:37 IST(3/12/2014) | Last Updated: 14:49 IST(4/12/2014)
Two fresh witnesses have come forward with accounts that could scuttle the sexual harassment charges lodged by two Haryana sisters against three youths.
 
They submitted their affidavits on Wednesday to police in support of the three youths - Kuldeep, Deepak and Mohit - accused of sexually harassing the sisters aboard Haryana Roadway bus on November 28.
 
Five others, some of them claiming to be the passengers on the Haryana Roadway bus in which the incident occurred, also shared their affidavits with reporters and stressed that the men have been wronged.
 
Fracas over seats
TV grab of an eve-teaser getting beaten up by two sisters in a bus in Rohtak, Haryana. (PTI Photo)
In her affidavit, Bimla, a resident of Sonepat district, said, she was waiting for bus at Rohtak bus stand. As soon as the bus reached the counter, she asked two of the boys to get seats for her and another woman who was unwell. When the boys requested the two girls - Aarti and Pooja - to vacate the seat allotted for the ailing woman, they refused and went ballistic. They later belted the boys after heated exchange of words. Another girl accompanying them captured the incident on mobile camera. To save themselves, the two boys jumped off the bus, said Bimla in her affidavit.
Three women passengers from Thanakhurd village, the native place of the sisters, have also given similar statements to the police.
 
Eyewitness account of over month-old video
Two witnesses have also given statements in connection with a month-old video showing the sisters beating up a boy in a Rohtak park .
According to Virender Dhankar and Yogeshwer, residents of Baketa village in Rohtak, they were present at the Huda City Park in Rohtak when the incident happened. The girls abused and tore off a boy’s clothes after he asked them why they were wasting their time in the park instead of attending college. Another girl accompanying them videographed it, he told the police.
 
However, now it seems the job of holding up the girls’ accusation rests entirely on the statements given by the conductor and the bus driver.
According to Labh Singh, the conductor of the Haryana Roadway bus on which the incident occurred: “These girls and boys were arguing over some issue. I asked the girls if they wanted the driver to take the bus to the nearest police station. They refused. After the boys misbehaved with them, they beat them up. I have recorded my statement before police, but I was suspended.”
 
Rohtak superintendent of police Shashank Anand said, “We are trying to finalise the chargesheet. We have recorded the statements of the driver and conductor, who have given statements in support of registration of FIR. We have come to know from media reports that some bus passengers have come forward with affidavits. We will record their statements as per the procedure,” he said.

What is dirtier Your toothbrush or toilet seatThe Dirtiest Things In Your Life Right Now
by BuzzFeed 1:31 mins
You'd rather kiss a toilet seat than another person after seeing this. Guaranteed.
Link

McConnell: No Oval Office day drinks with ObamaBy Katie Zezima December 3 Follow @katiezez
No bourbon was consumed (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
President Obama and incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell did not knock back post-lunch bourbons in the Oval Office Wednesday.
Which of course leads us to the big question: Why not?
"Drinking bourbon in the middle of the afternoon would not be good for either of our careers," McConnell (R-Ky.) said on the premiere of Yahoo! News's weekly Sirus XM radio show. 
McConnell and Obama were meeting for the first time since Republicans took over Congress on Election Day. In his post-election remarks, the president told reporters that, in the spirit of biparstisanship, he would “enjoy having some Kentucky bourbon with Mitch McConnell.”
That set off a frenzy of speculation and angling from Knob Creek, which wanted their product to serve as the official bourbon of the so-called "bourbon summit."
Obama has long joked about being drinking buddies -- or not really -- with McConnell.
"Some folks still think I don't spend enough time with Congress," the president joked at the 2013 White House Correspondent's Dinner. "'Why don't you have a drink with Mitch McConnell?' they ask. Really? Why don't you get a drink with Mitch McConnell."
But don't count out the idea of the two men knocking back a few drinks. For the record, McConnell likes Manhattans.
"No, this was not the bourbon summit," McConnell told CNN. "But I'm still hoping we'll have it."
McConnell wasn't the president's only Oval Office guest today. Obama hosted Hillary Clinton for an hour. The meeting was not announced until after it had already concluded.
No word on whether they drank bourbon.
Katie Zezima covers the White House for Post Politics and The Fix.

Federal probe into NY chokehold deathLast updated: December 4, 2014 2:25 am
DoJ to probe death of black man held by police in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ff4d7c0e-7b44-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Australian eyes turn from Macksville to AdelaideAustralian eyes turn from Macksville to Adelaide
http://usat.ly/1voc8Mb27 big stocks dominate December
By: Matt Krantz December 2, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Brrr. It’s December. Maybe it’s time to throw on an extra log—of cash–into your portfolio to get things heating up!
Investors know: When it gets cold outside – stocks heat up. December has been a good month. Stocks have risen about 2% on average this month the past five years.
And the same stocks seem to throw the best holiday parties year after year.  There are 27 stocks in the S&P 500 that have beaten the market each of the past 5 Decembers.
The biggest winner is computer memory chip maker Micron Technology (MU) . The company delivered an average of 12% gains over the past five Decembers. Some of that can be attributed to a 40% gain at the end of 2009—but not all of it. Even in 2012, when stocks fell 1% in December, Micron rose 3%. That might be even better than the gifts on the back of Santa’s Sleigh.
It’s been said there’s no place like home for the holidays….And no one knows THAT better than investors in homebuilder stocks like PulteGroup (PHM) . The stock has gained at least 7% for the past 5  Decembers for an average December gain of 12%.
But there’s plenty of Holiday Cheer to go around for other homebuilders too. In fact homebuilding stocks have beaten the S&P 500 91% of the time over the last 24 years. Now that’ll keep your toes warm.
Will the market do the jingle-bell rock once again? We’ll see. Cash in big enough and you could finally buy the pony that’s been on your daughter’s wish-list for years – or at least enough to buy some fruitcake for the in-laws.
S&P 500 THAT BEAT THE MARKET EACH AND EVERY OF THE PAST FIVE DECEMBERS
Company
Avg. % Gain past 5 Decembers
Micron Tech.

Panel to monitor $ 42b US investment in IndiaPanel to monitor $ 42b US investment in India
PRECIOUS-Gold eases on dollar strength  but holds above $1 200PRECIOUS-Gold eases on dollar strength  but holds above $1 200
Alcohol found in Salman s blood after mishapIndia ranks 65th on tourism competitiveness index
A chemical analyst on Wednesday told the sessions court here that he had found alcohol in the blood sample of actor Salman Khan during his medical examination after the infamous 2002 hit-and-run accident.
During the examination by special public prosecutor Pradeep Gharat, Bal Shankar, the analyst, said he conducted analysis of a 100 ml sample, and found 62 mg of ethyl alcohol.
To a question, he said normally a person who consumes alcohol would have about 30 mg of alcohol per 100 ml, but if he or she is on medication then the alcohol content may increase by upto 40 per cent.
The prosecution examined the witness to establish that Khan had liquor before his car met with the accident in suburban Bandra on September 28, 2002, killing one person and injuring four others.
While the prosecution has alleged that Salman was at the wheel, the actor has denied it.
The witness said he had also conducted a test to detect presence of morpholin, and it came out positive.
Salman’s lawyer Srikant Shivade pointed out that Bandra police, who probed the accident, referred the case to government-run J J hospital for a blood test mentioning that they were forwarding one sample. However, the hospital wrote to the forensic lab saying it was sending two samples.
On Shivade’s request, the court deferred the cross examination of the chemical analyst until he cross-examined a doctor of J J Hospital to find out how many samples it had received.
Another witness, a regional transport officer, told the court that he had inspected the white colour Toyota Land Cruiser belonging to the actor after the mishap and found that it had not developed any mechanical problem.
The prosecution brought this witness to show that nothing was wrong with the car, and the mishap took place solely because of `rash and negligent’ driving.
TAGS: Salman Khan Salman Khan Accident Case
More from lifestyle
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

Ahead of winters  a monsoon of crores arrive...Facebook
(Oracle is leading the charge,…)
MUMBAI: Top international recruiters Facebook, Oracle and Google have rolled out at least 40 offers with total compensation packages higher than Rs 1 crore at the end of only the second day of IIT campus placements, according to campus sources.
Such a large number of crore-plus offers — including cash and stock — are being offered for the first time. Oracle is leading the charge, offering up to 4,800 stock units worth $200,000 (Rs 1.24 crore), besides a $125,000 (Rs 77.5 lakh) cash component. Sources from IITBHU (Varanasi) confirmed these figures.
Sources from IIT-Delhi , IIT-Roorkee and IIT-Kanpur said some 4,000 stock options had been indicated as part of the overall package by the American multinational computer technology corporation.
Google, for Mountain View postings, rolled out a salary of $130,000 (Rs 80.4 lakh) and 250 stock units worth approximately $134,500 (Rs 83 lakh), IIT-BHU officials said.
The institute added that one student has been selected by Oracle US, and another for Google US.
Average domestic salaries at IIT campus placements this year have been in the range of Rs 10-12 lakh. Placements at the older institutes started on December 1.
Stock options are typically rolled out by companies as a retention measure and are often vested only after employees remain with the company for a specified period.
As already reported by ET, Facebook has made offers of $250,000 (Rs 1.55 crore, all-inclusive) to students at IIT-Bombay, IIT-Kharagpur and IIT-Delhi.
A student at one of the IITs who bagged an offer from Oracle said it was communicated to him that he would get a $100,000 base pay, $15,000 joining bonus and $10,000 relocation allowance.
"I was intimated that over and above this, there was also a stock component which I would get to know in the offer letter," he said.
While IIT-BHU has information on the stock options offered by Google, other placement cells said the search engine giant has not yet communicated the relevant numbers to them. However, they said Google would have a stock component in its package and Microsoft was also likely to have the same. ET could not independently reach out to Google at the time of going to print.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Adani Group  SBI defend $1 billion funding planAdani Group, State Bank of India defend $1 billion funding plan
Shuchi Srivastava, ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Adani coal project
(Political parties have…)
MUMBAI: Adani Group founder Gautam Adani and State Bank of India Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya have strongly defended the state-run bank's intention to lend $1 billion to the conglomerate's $17-billion coal project in Australia, saying the venture is viable despite coal prices falling to afive-year low and local protests.
"All I have to say on this issue is that contrary to all opinion, even at current coal prices my Australian coal project is viable and commodity cycles are unpredictable. I'm in it for the long haul and SBI has been supporting us for the last 25 years and they know what they are doing," Adani told ET. "Also, the Australian government is extremely serious about granting regulatory approvals to energy projects; they have very stringent guidelines, but once they approve a project they do not backtrack as they see that as a sovereign default. So, that kind of security is an additional positive for this project."
Political parties have attacked the initial agreement for the loan, but Bhattacharya said the criticism was uncalled for as it was merely a memorandum of understanding. "Our expert team is yet to fully appraise the project. Also the Australian government has done exhaustive environmental appraisals of the project and found that there is more danger to the Great Barrier Reef from farm run-offs and star fish attacks than the upcoming Adani coal project ," she said. "Also the (Australian) government's stringent regulatory conditions and insistence that there is no dredging into the water and only on land and the quality of the coal that will be mined makes the entire project conform to the country's high environmental standards," she said.
The Adani Group's project in the north Galilee basin in Queensland is the largest thermal coal project in Australia. It holds more than 11 billion tonnes of thermal coal, and the company plans to ship close to 100 million tonnes a year to India.
The project has faced protests for alleged threat to the ecosystem of Australia's iconic Great Barrier Reef, and some experts have questioned its viability at a time many global coal giants are shutting some producing coal plants in wake of the global coal glut.
A report published by the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis (IEEFA) highlighted concerns about the commercial viability of the Galilee basin as the largest proposed new greenfield coal basin in the world, said Tom Sanzillo, the author of the report and IEEFA's director of finance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ashton Carter in line for Pentagon top jobUpdated: December 4, 2014 01:13 IST
Ashton Carter in line for Pentagon top job
Narayan Lakshman
defence
The White House appeared poised to elevate Ashton Carter (60), former Deputy Secretary of Defence, to the role occupied by his erstwhile boss, Chuck Hagel, after several other contenders took themselves out of the running for the post of Secretary of Defence.
Mr. Carter, who has visited India on numerous occasions as the Obama administration’s “point man on the pivot-to-Asia strategy,” made it his personal mission to enhance defence ties with New Delhi and campaigned to relax restrictions on the transfer of sensitive technology, which had led to some curtailment of weapons sales.
Among those who withdrew from the race are Senator Jack Reed, a Rhode Island Democrat, and Michèle Flournoy, former Under Secretary of Defence, and Jeh Johnson, the current Secretary of Homeland Security.
Although the White House has not yet made any formal announcement about its intent to nominate Mr. Carter, the man who had batted on the front foot for the India-U.S. Defence Trade and Technology Initiative is said to be the likely pick according to unnamed officials quoted by several media outlets here.
Numerous reports suggested that Mr. Carter would likely be confirmed by the Senate for the top job because even though he was passed over for the role in early 2013 and continued working there for a year at the behest of the White House, he was effectively the Chief Operating Officer who gained deep experience in the intricacies of the Pentagon.
Several Senators, including James Inhofe of Oklahoma (ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee), and John McCain, the likely next Chair of the Committee, said they “foresaw no opposition” to Mr. Carter’s nomination and Senator McCain had earlier praised Mr. Carter’s “insatiable intellectual curiosity.”

Gold eases on dollar strength  but holds above $1 200Dec 04, 2014, 08.05 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Gold eases on dollar strength, but holds above $1,200
Spot gold fell 0.2 percent to USD 1,207.40 an ounce by 0039 GMT, after rising nearly 1 percent in the previous session.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold eases on dollar strength, but holds above $1,200
Spot gold fell 0.2 percent to USD 1,207.40 an ounce by 0039 GMT, after rising nearly 1 percent in the previous session.
Post your opinion here
 
Gold edged lower on Thursday as the metal's appeal as a hedge declined with the dollar trading at a 5-1/2-year high against basket of major currencies.
FUNDAMENTALS
* Spot gold fell 0.2 percent to USD 1,207.40 an ounce by 0039 GMT, after rising nearly 1 percent in the previous session.
* The metal is edging closer to a one-month high of USD 1,220.99 reached on Monday, after having slumped to USD 1,142.91 in the same session.
* US crude closed higher on Wednesday at more than USD 67 after data showed a surprise tumble in inventories, but a report suggesting Saudi Arabia expected still lower prices for oil sent Brent below USD 70 a barrel.
* Gold has been moving in tandem with oil prices recently as the metal is seen as a hedge against oil-led inflation.
* The US dollar index climbed to its highest in more than 5-1/2 years on Wednesday on optimism over the economy.
* Dollar-denominated bullion tends to drop lower on a stronger greenback as its hedge-appeal is lowered.
* A popular exchange-traded fund of gold miners dove nearly 10 percent in the waning seconds of trading on Wednesday, the latest in a series of unusual moves in single securities on heavy volume this month.
* South African precious metals mining firms Sibanye Gold and Northam Platinum are among a group of about 10 companies interested in Anglo American Platinum's Union mine in South Africa, Sibanye and mining industry sources said.
* The platinum market is expected to see a shortfall of 885,000 ounces this year, a report by the World Platinum Investment Council estimated on Wednesday, as a strike in major producer South Africa reduced supply.
MARKET NEWS
* The euro staggered at two-year lows early on Thursday, finding few friends in a market that is wagering the European Central Bank will be forced to inject even more stimulus to a sputtering euro zone economy.
RELATED NEWS

Global markets are positive today.indian market also will zoom. add it...Silver Member
13 Followers
It is in recovery stage and better result provided compared to latest Qtr. Once it crosses 100. it will not take much time to touch 250. Just an wait for another 6 months. very good buy for short gain also. It will touch 75 this week and 95 by end of Dec`14. Go ahead and buy this for very good profits. Very very safest stock...no debt issue and strong promoters support. Just waiting for one good news. next Qtr result will be very good.
In reply to : Guest message
6.34 PM Dec 3rd

Will you bet on midcapsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Democracy dude...... :)Platinum Member
222 Followers
NF is likely to see a 2 day correctio and may find support near 8442 levels to bounce from there for first leg. After peaking may resume next leg of fall to 8342-8294 levels later on. That said , if lower daily trendline at 8555 holds for bounce then it can go to teswt upper line at 8705

Cbi finds enough evidence against mr. sunil b. mittal to proceed in 2g...Platinum Member
105 Followers
Cbi finds enough evidence against mr. Sunil b. Mittal to proceed in 2g case( Source: cnbc)... News negative for bharti airtel.................................. This news is bound to see bharti to 360/ levels & below.
8.27 AM Dec 4th  | Track

Do not appeal Vodafone case  says Attorney General Mukul RohatgiNew Delhi |
Posted: November 27, 2014 2:02 am
On the heels of finance minister Arun Jaitley’s iteration that unsustainable tax demands won’t get the government anything but a bad name, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi has asked the income tax department to desist from filing an appeal against a Bombay High Court ruling in October that struck down its bid to add about R5,000 crore to the taxable income of Vodafone in India for 2008-09 and 2009-10.
If the AG’s opinion prevails, it would benefit not only Vodafone but also energy giant Shell, which also obtained a favourable ruling from the same HC on a similar tax issue on November 18. The development also spells good news for over two dozen other companies, including Essar Group firms and HSBC Securities and Capital Markets, that are fighting similar tax demands in various courts.
 
“I have asked the income department to accept the judgement of the high court. I have said in my opinion (there is no need to) file an appeal,” Rohatgi said. “I have concurred with the view of the Central Board of Direct Taxes chairman.”
The HC last week set aside the I-T department’s notices that sought to increase the income of Shell’s Indian arm for two years — 2007-08 and 2008–2009 — by close to R18,000 crore. To seek the income addition, the taxman had applied the transfer pricing principle to Shell India’s issue of shares to its Dutch parent alleging an undervaluation.
The high court had invalidated the taxman’s bids to add to the income of Vodafone and Shell saying there wasn’t any express provision in law to classify any shortfall/premium in share valuation in cross-border deals as income.
 

Home loan NPAs rise by Rs 1 000 crore in 6 monthsIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
Defaults by home loan customers are on the rise. Non-performing assets (NPAs) in the housing loan segment of public sector banks have shot up by over Rs 1,000 crore to around Rs 6,200 crore during the first six months of calendar 2014.
While the outstanding home loan amount has increased from Rs 3,75,000 crore to Rs 4,02,802 crore, registering a growth of 6.93 per cent, non-performing assets (NPAs) in the segment have increased from 1.38 per cent to 1.54 per cent of advances in September, according to data compiled by the finance ministry.
NPAs of 17 banks increased in the latest six-month period. Syndicate Bank’s home loan NPAs rose from 3.7 per cent to 5 per cent of its home loan outstanding of Rs 9,592 crore. UCO Bank’s NPAs rose from 3.2 per cent to 5.5 per cent, the loans outstanding being Rs 9,693 crore.
As much as 6 per cent of Punjab & Sind Bank home loans has turned bad during the period under review.
However, Allahabad Bank, Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, Central Bank of India, Union Bank of India and United Bank of India have shown an improvement by way of reduction in home loan NPAs from the previous year, the ministry note said.
The NPA rise was witnessed in public sector banks while HDFC, the leading private player in the housing finance segment, showed a marginal decline in bad loans.
HDFC’s gross NPAs as of September 2014 stood at 0.69 per cent of the loan portfolio, down from 0.79 per cent a year ago.
However, State Bank of India, the largest home loan player, has managed to retain its NPA level at 0.9 per cent. It has extended home loans worth Rs 13,193 crore during the six months ended September 2014 and its total outstandings have reached Rs 148,502 crore. Home loan NPAs of IDBI Bank, the second largest PSU player in the segment, have gone up marginally to 1.0 per cent of its advances of Rs 24,803 crore.
“The first half of the fiscal witnessed a slow GDP growth. Rising inflation and high borrowing costs could have added to delinquencies in the home loan segment. While inflation increased, the slow growth in income levels and job creation played their part in higher NPAs,” said an official of a public sector bank.
Among other state-owned players, Canara Bank saw its home loan NPAs rising from 2.1 per cent to 2.5 per cent of gross home loan advances, while Andhra Bank saw NPAs rise from 2 per cent to 2.5 per cent and Indian Overseas Bank from 2.8 per cent to 3.1 per cent.
More from economy

2014 Year in Review: The political top 10 powerpoint2014 Year in Review
High and Mighty: The political top 10 powerpoint
A change of regime by its nature installs new centres of authority in the corridors of power. Only a few, however, wield any real influence in resolving complex and crucial issues. So, even as the last 10 UPA years demonstrated that actual power might lie outside the prime minister's ambit, the biggest change after these Lok Sabha elections has been correcting this anomaly. Political power has returned to 7 RCR, with Prime Minister Narendra Modi firmly in the saddle.
The clear mandate for Modi has also reconfigured internal power equations within the BJP and the saffron Parivar. So, while RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat will continue to wield moral authority over ideological underpinnings of the government, it is Modi's trusted aides- BJP President Amit Shah and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, for long the Prime Minister's biggest champion in Delhi-who remain the two key men assisting him in redrawing the political landscape.
The others wielding influence in the new set-up are former BJP president Rajnath Singh, who demonstrated courage to overrule the old guard and pitchfork Modi in this summer's elections, and technocrats Manohar Parrikar and Suresh Prabhu, who bring clinical administrative and policy acumen to the table. RSS pracharak Ram Madhav, meanwhile, will seek to strike ideological cohesion with the Parivar's larger political objectives.
Rahul Gandhi's flop show in these polls brings Sonia Gandhi back into the reckoning to lead the opposition-or whatever's left of it-with Sharad Pawar, the wily Maratha satrap, playing the joker in the pack with his flexible political moves.

India @ 9 with Karma PaljorIPL: Sundar Raman pulled up by SC, questions BCCI's rule 6.2.4
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

No impact on Diageo India due to USL troublesThe page you have requested does not exist any more.
Suggestions:
If you typed the page address/URL, make sure it is spell correctly.
Open the Business Today homepage or     Use the "Back" button on your browser to return to the previous page.
Advertisement

What corporate results in Q2 signal for India IncStory
India Inc remains cautious
Second quarter results show that companies will have to wait a little longer to benefit from improved economic conditions.
Tanvi Varma      Follow @vtanvi    Edition: December 2014
Compared to the previous quarter of this fiscal year, aggregate sales growth for the Sensex came down from 17.1% to 2.3%. (Photo: Reuters)
Ever since the NDA government came to power, investor sentiments have improved. In this light, corporate results for the second quarter of 2014-15 were being watched closely by all the interested parties. However, it seems that while investor confidence has risen, India Inc is still taking cautious steps. According to Dhananjay Sinha, head of research and strategist at Emkay Global, aggregate sales for Sensex, Nifty and BSE 500 companies has seen marked deceleration. Compared to the previous quarter of this fiscal year, aggregate sales growth for the Sensex came down from 17.1% to 2.3%.
Similarly, sales growth for the Nifty fell from 16.3% to 3.8% while that for the BSE 500 decelerated from 13.4% to 6% (excluding oil and gas and banking sectors) during the same period. "The combination of fading effect of rupee depreciation which aided performance of companies in the past four quarters, tighter fiscal measures and normalisation of spending after elections have impacted corporate performance this quarter," he said.
AUTO SECTOR IN FIRST GEAR
According to Nilesh Shetty, associate fund manager, equity, Quantum AMC, automobile companies have done well owing to the low base on which they were reporting numbers. While net sales for Bajaj Auto grew 15% on a year-on-year (YoY) basis, EBITDA margin grew 110 basis points (bps) on a quarter-over-quarter (QoQ) basis to 20%. Maruti Suzuki saw sales grow 17% YoY and profit after tax (PAT) rise 29% YoY to Rs 863 crore. The company is seeing volumes recover in urban markets after a prolonged slowdown. On the other hand, Mahindra & Mahindra's performance was below expectation due to subdued volumes and increase in costs.
India Inc waits patiently
FMCG DISAPPOINTS
FMCG witnessed mixed numbers, hurt mainly by a slowdown in demand. ITC saw revenue grow 15% YoY and PAT by 9%. Marico's sales grew 28% YoY, beating estimates, but a 12% YoY rise in PAT fell short of estimates. HUL saw sales rise 10% and PAT grow 8% on a YoY basis, below estimates. The growth of these companies depends upon how well the market grows and how the demand rises, which may happen after the fourth quarter of 2014-15.
CEMENT STRONG, INFRA DOWN
Cement companies had a good quarter. UltraTech's second quarter EBITDA (operating profit) rose 28% YoY to Rs 930 crore, while realisations rose 5%. Similarly ACC saw net sales, EBITDA and PAT rise 10%, 32% and 62%, respectively, on a YoY basis to Rs 282 crore, Rs 38 crore and Rs 190 crore, respectively. The low base of last year and improved demand are likely to result in strong growth over the subsequent quarters.
But the cheer for the cement industry hasn't spread to allied sectors, namely capital goods and infrastructure companies. Mayuresh Joshi, VP, institution, Angel Broking, explains: "The results of capital goods/infrastructure companies have disappointed as people were expecting substantial order flows. However, the sector is not getting enough orders." L&T reported consolidate order growth of 17% YoY, but overseas order book remained muted. BHEL reported weak performance with revenue falling 32% YoY and adjusted PAT down 73% YoY owing to weak order flows.
CEMENT SHINES, INFRA SLOWS
For the last several quarters, export-oriented sectors like IT and pharma have done well due to currency depreciation. Although the rupee has gained in the recent times, even now dollar revenues for these sectors like IT and pharma are healthy on a constant currency basis. However, on rupee-denominated basis, this is not the case. Sinha of Emkay Global feels this will be the case over the next three to four quarters. India's largest software company, TCS saw slow volume growth, while Infosys has shown some traction.
Within the pharma sector, too, expectations were high since it had done well even in bad times. It did not disappoint. Divi's Lab saw revenue rise 47% YoY and EBIDTA margin by 36% during the period. Lupin's PAT grew 53% YoY, but sales growth of 18% YoY was below estimates.
PSU BANKS UNDER STRESS
Banks wait for a turnaround
Banking stocks have fared well to an extent since NPA rates have fallen over the year. However, stressed assets of PSU banks still remain high. Punjab National Bank's PAT of Rs 575 crore was significantly below estimates as higher fresh impairments during the quarter not only pushed net interest margins (NIMs) down by 24 bps on a QoQ basis but also resulted in higher provisions, says a report by Emkay Global. According to a report by Motilal Oswal, HDFC Bank is best-placed in the current environment, with a current account savings account (CASA) ratio of about 43%, strong earnings growth and least asset quality risk.
IMPACT ON MARKETS
According to Rajiv Bajaj, VC & MD, Bajaj Capital, expected earnings growth is a critical component of any futuristic valuation exercise; the valuations can look cheap or expensive depending on your growth estimate. In order to sustain the current valuations, we may need support from earnings growth . Further, going forward the GDP growth rate is likely to pick up, which could translate into better numbers for corporate India. GDP growth for the first quarter of this fiscal has recovered to 5.7% as compared to sub-5% readings a year back or even a quarter back. Consumer and business confidence are increasing. However, the same has not yet been reflected in investment demand (capex). According to Bajaj, what matters now is the pace of the recovery. "With the right steps, the pace should be robust and in the next year, we may see GDP growth touch 6%," he adds.
According to Sinha, the rate of inflation also must sustain at a low level for longer period only then productivity can be generated. Shetty of Quantum says the market is currently factoring in 8% GDP growth, which is stretched hence there is room for a 15% to 20% correction he adds (his funds are holding 30% cash), before we move in again.

Bouncer ban: The intriguing questioncricket
Despite his ‘near-death’ experience, Gaekwad believed bouncers should remain a part of the game.
Should the bouncer be banned following the tragic death of Phillip Hughes? Or should the number of such deliveries be cut down from a maximum of two to one per over?
Aunshuman Gaekwad, a brave batsman, was struck a nasty blow on his left ear by a Michael Holding lifter on a juicy Sabina Park pitch during the tour of the Caribbean in 1976. He spent two days in ICU, was operated twice in India since his ear drum was shattered and still has some hearing problems.
“We did not wear helmet those days, and an inch here or there, I would not be talking to you now,” he told The Hindu.
Despite his ‘near-death’ experience, Gaekwad believed bouncers should remain a part of the game.
“That is among the greatest challenges of batting. There is an element of risk involved in every sport. What happened to Hughes was very sad and we all mourn his death but we must realise it was a freak accident. Do not limit the bouncers further or ban it. Period.”
He added, “Sunil Gavaskar played the quickest of pacemen and the nastiest of bouncers without a helmet and even the skull cap he wore later in his career was little more than an eyewash. It offered him virtually no protection. It’s a lot about technique, how you cope with the rising balls.”
Gaekwad elaborated, “There was no limit on bouncers then and we played that series in the West Indies without the chest or the arm-guard. And the thigh-guard was very flimsy. Conquering fear is a vital attribute of sport.
“It’s a lot about technique and sound back-foot play when it comes to taking on short-pitched stuff from the quicks. Gavaskar will tell you that,” he added.
Imbalance
Javagal Srinath, among the quickest bowlers the country has produced, said, “Removing the bouncer or limiting it to one per over will create great imbalance in the game. It will be a very skewed way of looking at the game.”
He noted, “If you come to think of it, there can be no guarantee against death on the field of play. A batsman can smash a ball straight and it can hit the bowler in the head to kill him. Do you then want all bowlers to be wearing helmets?
“Intimidation is a part of the strategy for a paceman. Strategy is not all about intimidation. That is the distinction we have to make. The bouncer does test the guts and technique of a batsman. If you think about it, there is danger in every walk of life. People have lost their lives after tripping down the stairs.”
Should the helmet offer greater protection to the batsmen? “The focus will be on the protective gear after a moment such as this.
“My heart goes out to Hughes but then freak injuries, very occasionally, do occur in the game.”  
Former India allrounder Robin Singh said, “To put an end to bouncers or to curtail it further will create great imbalance in game.
“Already the pacemen are suffering because of flat tracks, better bats and shorter boundaries. If you take out the bouncer as well, everything will be in batsmen’s favour.” He asked, “Will the Australians themselves be in favour of ending the bouncer?
“I am sure they will not. They believe in hard, aggressive cricket. I feel sorry for Hughes but doing away with bouncers is not the answer. There will be less of a contest between the bat and the ball.”
Should batsmen be compulsorily be made to wear helmets that protect their head and neck completely?
“I think it should be left to the individual choice of the batsman. Covering the neck fully will make it very difficult for him to move his head. And there could always be a part that could be exposed,” said Robin.
While the cricketing world has been shocked by Hughes’s death, the bouncer is here to stay.

Italys Ferrero may rethink India investment plans'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Inordinate delays in approvals from the country’s food authority could lead the $11-billion Ferrero Group to rethink investing a fresh tranche of R500 crore in India. Ferrero India has already invested R500 crore and wants to double it to R1,000 crore. India was supposed to the Asia hub and the Indian plant had in fact started exporting to China. But delays in approvals in India and a red carpet welcome in China has made the Ferrero Group work on a new plant in China, said ambassador (retired) and Ferrero India secretary-general Inder Chopra. He is concerned about the possibility of this additional investment being diverted to China. It is tough to ‘make in India’ without the right support and environment, Chopra said, adding that delays in approvals from the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) have held up fresh product launches and expansion of its portfolio.
“Three to four products have been pending for more than a year,” Chopra said, adding that “they are not regulating, they are strangulating us”. The Food Safety and Standards Act, under which the FSSAI has been created, says in the preamble that the Act is being passed to help the nascent food processing industry, given its employment and export potential, but that is not what is happening, Chopra said. “If there is no industry, what will you regulate,” he asked. The company needs approval if they have to launch any food product beyond the 330 products for which standards are laid out.
And this is not just a Ferrero problem, but a challenge for all the big and small food product makers in the country, he added. As the industry on the whole is suffering, there was a CEO-level meeting in August 2014 with the secretaries of the ministries of food processing and health to highlight these issues. Some companies have taken legal recourse and it has reached the Supreme Court.
Ferrero India has its headquarters in Pune and its plant at Baramati, which employs 3,000 people, majority of them women.
TAGS: Ferrero Group
More from companies
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

UNGA approves Arab-backed resolution  urges Israel to renounce nuclear armsBy: Associated Press | United Nations |
Posted: December 3, 2014 1:27 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 2:07 pm
The U.N. General Assembly overwhelmingly approved an Arab-backed resolution on December 2 calling on Israel to renounce possession of nuclear weapons and put its nuclear facilities under international oversight.
The resolution, adopted in a 161-5 vote, noted that Israel is the only Middle Eastern country that is not party to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons. It called on Israel to “accede to that treaty without further delay, not to develop, produce test or otherwise acquire nuclear weapons, to renounce possession of nuclear weapons” and put its nuclear facilities under the safeguard of the U.N.’s International Atomic Energy Agency.
It also urged India and Pakistan to accede to it as non-nuclear-weapon States promptly and without conditions and to place all their nuclear facilities under International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) safeguards.
The United States, Canada, Palau and Micronesia joined Israel in opposing the measure, while 18 countries abstained.
Israel is widely considered to possess nuclear arms but declines to confirm it.
The resolution, introduced by Egypt, echoed a similar Arab-backed effort that failed to gain approval in September at the Vienna-based IAEA. At the time, Israel criticized Arab countries for undermining dialogue by repeatedly singling out the Jewish state in international arenas. Israel’s U.N. Mission did not immediately return a request for comment on December 2.
The U.N. resolution, titled “The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East,” pushed for the establishment of a nuclear weapons-free zone in the Middle East and lamented that U.S.-backed efforts to convene talks were abandoned in 2012.
Israel has long argued that a full Palestinian-Israeli peace plan must precede any creation of a Mideast zone free of weapons of mass destruction. The country also argues that Iran’s alleged work on nuclear arms is the real regional threat. Iran denies pursuing such weapons.
General Assembly resolutions are not legally binding but carry moral weight because it is the only body where all 193 U.N. member states are represented.
U.S. representative Robert Wood, in voting against the resolution at the committee-level last month, said the measure “fails to meet the fundamental tests of fairness and balance. It confines itself to expressions of concern about the activities of a single country.”
Wood said the U.S. will continue pushing a Middle East free of weapons of mass destructions, but he warned that such resolutions only undermine prospects for progress.
India and Pakistan too, along with the US, have voted against a provision in a UN resolution calling on to”promptly” accede to the NPT as non-nuclear-weapon nation “without conditions” and to place all its nuclear facilities under IAEA safeguards.

Hike in excise duty aimed to meet budget deficit: Dharmendra PradhanIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
A day after the government hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel for the second time in three weeks, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan today said the move was meant to shore up revenue to meet budget deficit without burdening the consumer.
“In legacy we inherited a bankrupt economy. We are committed to providing power to all, water to very village and primary healthcare.
“For this we had to take certain steps (to mobilise money)… some steps have been taken without burdening the consumer,” he said.
The government had yesterday raised excise duty on petrol by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates will not be increased as oil firms decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
The second excise duty hike in three weeks will help raise an additional Rs 4,000 crore in four months to March as the government seeks to take advantage of a slump in global oil prices to shore up its revenues without stoking inflation.
Together with Rs 1.50 a litre excise duty hike on both petrol and diesel with effect from November 12, the government will mop up about Rs 10,000 crore in remaining period of the current fiscal that will help contain budget deficit.
Pradhan said if international oil prices continue to slide, the benefit will certainly be passed on to consumers.
International crude prices were ruling at USD 107 per barrel when the NDA government came to power in May. It went up to USD 115-117 per barrel at the height of Iraq crisis but have since retreated to below USD 70, he said at an Assocham event here.
The slump led to petrol prices being cut seven times since August and diesel on three occasions in last one-and-half-months, he said.
The oil firms had on December 1 cut petrol and diesel prices by 91 paise a litre and 84 paise per litre, respectively to factor in slump in international oil prices.
The seventh reduction in price since August made petrol cost Rs 63.33 a litre in Delhi, Rs 10.27 per litre less than what it was in July.
The third reduction in diesel rates in one month has led to the price coming down to Rs 52.51 a litre.
Brent rates, the benchmark grade for more than half of the world’s oil, have dropped to USD 68.34 a barrel, the lowest level since October 2009.
Prices declined 18 per cent last month and are 38 per cent lower in 2014.
Pradhan said the government is committed to easing business environment so that manufacturing gets a boost and more jobs are created.
TAGS: Dharmendra Pradhan
More from economy

Rare photos of Konkona Sen SharmaCelebrity
Rare photos of Konkona Sen Sharma
Known for her performances in 'Mr. and Mrs. Iyer', 'Amu', 'Page 3' and 'Wake Up Sid' among others, the National Award winning actress has been away from the silver screen post 'Ek Thi Daayan'. But she was not sitting idle.
Versatile actress Konkona Sen Sharma, who has been maintaining a low profile for a while now, has been busy writing a script and says she hopes to wield the megaphone soon.
1 / 15

Spotted: Sushmita  Wasim Akram on the rampCelebrity
Celebrity spotting: On the ramp and off it
Blenders Pride Fashion Tour maintains a tagline “Taste Life In Style”. While Day 1 saw Aditi Rao Hydari as the showstopper, Sushmita Sen stole the Day 2 of the fashion tour
Sushmita Sen walked the ramp for fashion designers Shivan and Narresh on the 2nd day of Blenders’ Pride Fashion Tour.

4 years on  DoT yet to clarify 3G  broadband rollout norms4 years on, DoT yet to clarify 3G, broadband rollout norms
Thomas K Thomas
Telcos have less than a year left
Mumbai, December 3:  
Nearly five years have passed since the Government sold 3G and broadband spectrum but the Department of Telecom is yet to firm up rollout norms for operators.
While the licences, issued in 2010, stipulate that rollout obligations have to be met by 2015, operators are in the dark as to what they are supposed to do with less than a year to go for the stipulated deadline.
The telecom regulator has now asked the DoT to spell out the norms at the earliest.
The guidelines issued in 2010 says that operators are required to offer services in 50 per cent of the district headquarters within five years, using 3G spectrum, of which at least 15 per cent should be in rural short distance changing areas (SDCA).
A rural SDCA is an area where 50 per cent of the population lives in rural areas. In the case of broadband, operators are required to cover at least 50 per cent of the rural SDCAs within five years.
However, the problem is that DoT does not have a complete list of rural SDCAs. For example, there is no data for States such as Rajasthan and those in the North East. This came to light when operators, including Vodafone and Airtel, wrote to the department seeking a list of rural SDCAs they are supposed to cover as part of the rollout obligation.
But neither the licensing wing nor the Universal Services Obligation fund administrator has a list.
DoT panel
The DoT had set up a committee to work out a list based on the census. However, the list prepared last year was found to have several errors.
For example, the Telecom Enforcement, Resource and Monitoring wing of the DoT had tried to collate the data for Haryana based on the percentage of the rural population in a particular SDCA. However, the list prepared by the TERM cell had classified towns such as Gurgaon and Panchkula as rural.
Operators have also flagged issues over rollouts in the border areas of Jammu & Kashmir, Punjab and Gujarat because of interference from networks in Pakistan.
Still no launch
Though the issues raised by the operators are genuine, it is also a fact that a number of players with broadband spectrum have not even launched services.
For example, Reliance Jio is expected to start services only next year. The company has already written to the DoT seeking an extension. There is no update on the rollout plans of other players such as Tikona and Augere.
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Chhattisgarh: Slain CRPF personnels  blood-stained uniforms found in hospital bin235
0
Raipur: Blood-stained uniforms and shoes of some of the CRPF personnel who were killed in the Sukma Naxal attack were found in a garbage bin on the hospital premises, sparking outrage on Wednesday.
Opposition Congress leaders said it showed "insensitivity and disrespect" of the authorities and demanded an apology from the BJP government in the state. District Congress chief Vikas Upadhyay and others visited Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Memorial Hospital and took away the uniforms and other belongings of the jawans to the Congress office.
"We rushed there (to the hospital) after learning that the uniforms of the slain CRPF men were lying in a dustbin filled with garbage near the mortuary where their autopsies took place," Upadhyay said.
Blood-stained uniforms and shoes of some of the CRPF personnel who were killed in the Sukma Naxal attack were found in a garbage bin on the hospital premises, sparking outrage.
#crpf #sukma attack #naxal #chhattisgarh
"We collected four sets of blood-stained uniforms and 10 pairs of shoes and carried those to Congress Bhawan. Later, CRPF officials came here and we handed over all the belongings to them," he added.
Fourteen CRPF personnel, including two officers, were killed on Monday in a Naxal attack in the Chintagufa region of South Bastar's Sukma district.
Bodies of the slain personnel were airlifted and sent to their families on Tuesday.
"Chhattisgarh government should apologise to the families of martyred jawans as well as to the country for this disrespect," said state Congress chief Bhupesh Baghel. Baghel alleged that in 2009, bodies of four state police personnel who were killed in a Maoist attack in Dantewada district had been transported in a garbage truck.
"As per the procedure, police bring back the belongings (of a deceased) following post-mortem. After receiving the information that some uniforms and belongings were found left there, CRPF officials were asked to collect them," Additional Director General of Police (anti-Naxal operations), RK Vij told PTI.
Deputy Inspector General (DIG), CRPF, Pradeep Chandra said a probe would be conducted in this regard.
Meanwhile, the dean of Ambedkar hospital, Vivek Chaudhary, said, "After a post-mortem is performed, the viscera and other remains are preserved and not kept openly. The video that I saw today (of the blood-stained uniforms left lying in the open) is very unfortunate."
64

Govt gives Mamata Banerjee relief  contradicts Amit Shah over Saradha scam terror linkPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Investigation into the Saradha chit fund scam has so far not revealed any terror link with Bangladesh, Government said today, days after BJP had alleged such a connection.
“The investigation has so far not revealed any such transaction where money was routed to Bangladesh to fund terrorist activities,” Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh told the Lok Sabha in a written response.
However, addressing a rally in Kolkata on Sunday, BJP Chief Amit Shah had alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast, which is being probed for link with Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB)terror outfit.
“Saradha chit fund money was used in the Burdwan blast. The NIA is not being allowed to probe the blast properly. Hurdles are being created.
It is being done in order to save TMC leaders who are involved in the blast,” he had alleged, attacking the Trinamool Congress.
The Minister was asked whether the government has sought details of the probe into the Saradha chit fund scam after reports indicated that a part of the money was routed to Bangladesh to fund terror activities. Singh replied that government has not sought details of the probe.
To another question on whether the Saradha chief has admitted that he paid large sums to several people to influence the case in his favour, the minister today said “the matter is under investigation.”

Baroda royal joins BJP along with 20othersWritten by Kumar Anand | Vadodara |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:08 am
A cross-section of people in Vadodara, including royal scion Samarjitsinh Gaekwad, have joined the BJP during its on-going membership drive.
Singers Atul Purohit and Sachin Limaye, producer-actor of Gujarati movies, Maulin Pathak, are among other personalities to join the  party.
“The 21 persons, who registered themselves as primary members of the BJP, have been supporting the party and were connected to its ideology even before. Now, they will help take forward the works done by the party. They will help propagate the BJP’s ideologies in their fields and will help highlight the works being undertaken by our government in the state and the Centre,” said Vadodara BJP president Bharat Dangar.
Bhupendra Patel (73) decided to voluntarily retire from the active membership of the BJP in 2002, but continued to revive the primary membership every six years ever since. On November 29, Patel revived his six-year primary membership of the BJP, along with four others who served the party from the Jana Sangh days, in the presence of Union Minister Kalraj Mishra.
Among the elderly party workers who revived their membership were Balkrishna Sharma, Parasbhai Kanungo, Kanubhai Patel and Kasturbhai Patel. Sharma, now 75, joined the Jana Sangh fascinated by its Hindu nationalism ideology and was made its city secretary in 1975.
“Effectively, I have been a part of the party since 1975, and will remain so until I die. It is pleasant to see that the party has grown in strength,” said Kanubhai Patel, who joined the Jana Sangh in 1972 and went on to become BJP corporator in 1984.

In 2013  UPA to CBSE: Make Sanskrit amustWritten by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:08 am
While the NDA government is facing criticism for its decision to replace German with Sanskrit in Kendriya Vidyalayas, it now turns out that the previous UPA government’s HRD Ministry, under then minister M M Pallam Raju, had also sought to “introduce Sanskrit as a compulsory subject up to Class X” in all secondary schools.
According to a ministry note dated December 6, 2013, the ministry sought to work out the modalities to implement a resolution passed at a national conference on ‘Importance of Sanskrit in Modern Age’ held in Lucknow in September 2013, that sought to introduce Sanskrit as a mandatory subject up to Class X.
The three-day conference was inaugurated by Raju, in the presence of his MoS Jitin Prasada and Congress leader Karan Singh. Prasada was also present at the closing ceremony of the conference.
“A national conference on ‘Importance of Sanskrit in Modern Age’ was held in Lucknow from 13th to 15th September, 2013, wherein it was resolved that all the secondary schools in the country should introduce Sanskrit as a compulsory subject up to Class X,” says the note, which has been accessed by The Indian Express.
“In order to work out the modality of implementing the above resolution, a meeting has been called under the chairmanship of Ms. Vrinda Sarup, Additional Secretary, SE&L on 19.12.2013 at 3:00 pm,” adds the note, which was marked to the NCERT Director and CBSE Chairman.
When contacted, Raju, however, denied that there was any move to make Sanskrit compulsory. “We wanted it to be an optional language. We realised the base of teachers was not adequate,” he said, adding that they wanted to “strengthen the language” and “rediscover” the lost scientific knowledge in Vedas.
While CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi did not respond to calls or texts, then NCERT Director Parvin Sinclair said she could not remember such a note.
In a letter dated January 7, 2014, the HRD ministry also asked Vice Chancellors of central universities to “explore possibilities of opening of Sanskrit department” and to furnish “action taken in this regard”. One of the resolutions adopted at the Lucknow conference was that there should be a Sanskrit department in each central university to “promote and propagate” the language.

Sonia reaches out to TMC for support inHouseWritten by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:05 am
The international conference to celebrate the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru may not have succeeded in re-establishing Congress-TMC relations, but the hogging of opposition space by Mamata Banerjee’s party during the Winter Session of Parliament seems to be doing the trick.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday reached out to Trinamool Congress leader in the Lok Sabha Sudip Bandopadhyay to talk about his party’s protest plans for the next day and ensure floor coordination between the two parties in the Lok Sabha.
“She came to the central hall and asked me what issue we would choose to protest against on Wednesday. I told her that it will be decided later but should her party members choose to walk out of the House, they should do so only after the Trinamool speaker had spoken,” Bandopadhyay said.
In the Lok Sabha, when Bandopadhyay stood up to speak on Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s remarks, Sonia could be seen gesturing to Congress members to calm down and allow him to speak. On Tuesday, Trinamool demonstrated on the steps of Parliament seeking a probe into the death of Justice Loya, the CBI judge hearing the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, while Rahul Gandhi led the Congress protest near the Gandhi statue on the alleged “U-turns” of the Narendra Modi government. Both parties timed their sloganeering in a way that none is lost in the din.
Banerjee was the only non-Congress CM to attend the Congress function at Vigyan Bhavan last month. Both sides, according to sources, were working towards a meeting of the two leaders to join hands on the issue of communalism, but that could not fructify as Banerjee was miffed at the treatment meted out to her at the function. Her presence was never acknowledged by Sonia, nor was she called to the dais, sources said. The lost opportunity, it now seems, is being made up for in Parliament.
The Congress has also decided to support the TMC on its demand for a debate on the issue of rising communal incidents in the country. It is one of nine parties to do so and the debate will take place in the Rajya Sabha on December 6, the 22nd anniversary of the demolition of Babri Masjid. Left parties, too, have supported the demand.
Banerjee’s repeated assertions that a front against communalism is the need of the hour seems to be finally bearing fruit, especially in the Rajya Sabha, where the 150-odd opposition members have come together to block proceedings for the second time in two days over Jyoti’s remarks.

Express IT Awards: An ear for music and an eye for the future'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
When in 1979 he was posted in New York as the first TCS resident manager with a mandate to build a new revenue stream, Subramanian Ramadorai must not have imagined he would one day lead his firm to becoming the giant it has. During his tenure as chief executive officer and managing director between 1996 and 2009, the firm’s revenues soared more than tenfold to $6 billion. While the numbers do tell a story, and a stupendously successful one, what Indian IT owes Ramadorai today is its foundations. And for this outstanding contribution to an industry that has put India on the world map, Ramadorai takes home the Express IT Awards Lifetime Achievement Award, 2014.
Indeed, it wasn’t easy to sell any product to the US in the 1970s but through sheer grit and determination, Ramadorai, who had no sales experience, set up the software services business that today fetches TCS the largest chunk of its revenues. It is thanks to this effort that the US became a market for software services both for TCS and the country; among the firm’s first clients were IBM, Tandem and Hewlett-Packard.
The first in his family to receive an American education, Ramadorai recalls how he was torn between staying back in the US — where he had a lucrative job offer that paid $12,000 annually — and coming back to India. In the end, he decided to return to his roots and joined TCS, a division of Tata Sons. The US experience was invaluable — Ramadorai was virtually a one-man operation and from making customer calls to typing and faxing letters and also on occasion playing the delivery boy, he handled it all.
When he took over from FC Kohli, Ramadorai’s vision was a TCS that would be led by a collective effort rather than one individual. He realised soon enough that the firm would be operating on a scale that required a different management structure altogether and set up a think tank comprising top-level executives. While chalking out strategies in the office was important, Ramadorai also knew how important it was that the top team be able to ideate in an informal environment and there were lively sessions at his home, often on the weekend.
Towards the end of the 1990s, TCS was catering to large foreign banks and stock exchanges that required sophisticated and complex integrated systems.
Even as TCS made rapid strides in providing such solutions for its customers, it simultaneously upgraded its own systems; Ramadorai put in place the first digital backbone for ‘One TCS’, which allowed access data across continents, making life simpler for the top management.
In August 2004, TCS listed on the stock exchanges and its market capitalisation at the time was around R47,225 crore. When he stepped down in 2009, it was around R1,22,560 crore.
Despite the long hours at work and frequent travel, Ramadorai has managed to find the time for his hobbies, especially photography. He is extremely fond of classical music, both Hindustani and Carnatic, and his iPod is loaded with renderings by his favourite artistes, among them Hariprasad Chaura sia, Rashid Khan and Lalgudi Jayaraman.
TAGS: Express IT Awards
More from companies
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

RBI looking at guidelines on e-commerce: HR KhanIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
Deputy Governor HR Khan on Wednesday said the Reserve Bank has some concerns on e-commerce transactions and will be coming out with some guidelines on the same.
“There are some issues which we are trying to look at. E-commerce is innovative and we cannot push away, so we will see….we are looking at coming out with some guidelines on it,” Khan told reporters on the sidelines of an NPCI event here.
He, however, did not elaborate what the specific concerns of the regulator are.
In August, the RBI had found that US-based taxi aggregator Uber was flouting payments norms and had asked it to comply by October 31, for which the company has sought more time.
Uber was following its practice that falls short on the two-step user authentication norms as laid out by RBI.
The concerns voiced by the senior RBI official come within days of commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman saying that her department was “watching” the developments in the fledgling space including some cases involving e-commerce majors in the courts over the market model.
It also comes after traditional brick and mortar traders approached the fair trade watch dog CII in this regard.
Khan said the RBI will come out with final guidelines on trade receivables discounting system, a draft of which was issued in July.
“We expect it is going to be a big game changer for the receivables of small and medium industry. We are going to put the guidelines and the application will be invited to middle of February,” he added.
Under the guidelines, both factoring and reverse factoring will be allowed, he said.
On the foreign investors’ caps in government securities, Khan said the increase will come about but in a phased manner.
When asked about the Budget announcement of bond buybacks to extend the maturity and reduce repayment burdens, Khan did not give an exact timeline or quantum of the mop-up and limited to saying that it will be done by March 2015.
On the recently issued guidelines for establishment of the payments banks and small finance banks, he said the new banks will not be a threat to existing banks but may increase competition.
TAGS: E Commerce Reserve Bank Of India
More from economy

Opposition guns for Minister Sadhvi  Govt rejects resignation demandPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
For the second day running, opposition paralysed the functioning of Rajya Sabha pressing their demand for the sacking of Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her hate speech and gave clear indications of further trouble today unless the government yields.
Trouble started on the issue as soon as both the Houses met for the day at 11 AM with members of opposition parties like Trinamool Congress, Congress and RSP shouting slogans.
With Prime Minister Narendra Modi present in the Lok Sabha after his visits, both domestic and foreign, opposition members vociferously pressed for a statement from him. They questioned as to how he was allowing a minister, who uses such “abusive” language, to remain in his ministry.
BJP members countered strongly the opposition attack on Jyoti, who was present in the House.
Rejecting the opposition demand, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said the matter has ended as she has already apologised and the Prime Minister has disapproved of her comments.
Upset over the government response, opposition members, including those from Congress, TMC and Left staged a walkout.
Normalcy returned to the House from Zero Hour onwards.
Proceedings of the Rajya Sabha, however, were washed out for the second day as opposition created pandemonium demanding Jyoti’s resignation.
Opposition attacked the Prime Minister, saying he was not coming to the House to speak on the issue. They wanted him to announce the “sacking” of the minister.
Trouble is expected again tomorrow when Prime Minister Modi will be present for answering questions relating to departments under his charge.
Naidu appealed to the opposition not to disrupt proceedings, saying they can talk out and walk out but “let there be no break out”.
Naidu’s appeal comes amidst no immediate signs of a breakthrough in the impasse with the government rejecting calls for Jyoti to resign from her post.
“The question does not arise at all. There is no question of the minister resigning at all,” Naidu told reporters while also ruling out any apology from Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the row.
Earlier in the morning, Ashwani Kumar (Cong), who has given notice for a discussion, said the issue concerns the entire nation and accused the Minister of “abusing” everyone.
“Such comments can divide the nation,” he said, demanding Modi’s presence in the House and announcement about the minister’s sacking.
The House was adjourned four times in the pre-lunch sitting and twice again in the post-lunch period due to the opposition uproar, before it was adjourned for the day a little before 3 PM.
Deputy Leader of Congress in Rajya Sabha Anand Sharma said the remarks made by the minister is “not only a cognisable but also compoundable offence” under section 153(A) of the IPC and demanded that the Prime Minister should come to the House and inform it that the minister has been sacked.
Section 153(A) of the IPC deals with the offence of promoting enmity between different groups on ground of religion, race, place of birth, residence and language and doing acts prejudicial to maintenance of harmony.
“We are not seeking any apology. The minister should be sacked. This is an insult to the Constitution. The Prime Minister should inform the House that the minister has been sacked,” Sharma said.
Opposition members alleged that Sadhvi Jyoti had “violated” the Constitution as her controversial utterances were against the word “secular” and its spirit as enshrined in the Constitution.
The entire Opposition was up on its feet from the word go and its members stormed the Well while raising slogans demanding the minister’s dismissal.
Naidu rejected the demand citing controversial remarks made in the past by leaders from other parties as well.
Countering the opposition, he referred to an incident during UPA rule when a central minister had allegedly made derogatory comments against Atal Bihari Vajpayee, which had led the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to apologise in the House as the minister had refused to do so.
Naidu also reminded the protesting Trinamool Congress MPs about the reported remarks of party MP Tapas Pal at a public meeting where he had allegedly threatened CPI-M cadres and their family members with rape and violence.
Members from Congress, SP and JD(U) trooped into the Well while those from CPI-M, CPI and Trinamool Congress were on their feet rejecting the government’s argument that the matter should be treated as closed since the minister has already expressed regret.

UK slaps tax dodgers with 25 percent  Google taxUK slaps tax dodgers with 25 percent  Google tax
Cyclicals lead Wall Street higher; Dow  SP end at recordsCyclicals lead Wall Street higher; Dow  SP end at records
Midcaps outperformance likely to continueLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Midcaps outperformance likely to continue
The trade set up is quite interesting, what you could see today in the first half is a mirror image of yesterday, which is the Nifty and Sensex stay flat and there is big out performance for the midcaps.
Post your opinion here
 
The trade set up is quite interesting, what you could see today in the first half is a mirror image of yesterday, which is the Nifty and Sensex stay flat and there is big out performance for the midcaps.
RELATED NEWS

Indian ADRs: ICICI Bank rises 3.2%  Tata Motors gains 2.4%Dec 04, 2014, 08.24 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian ADRs: ICICI Bank rises 3.2%, Tata Motors gains 2.4%
Indian ADRs ended higher on Wednesday. Tata Motors gained 2.44 percent and Infosys gained 0.91 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian ADRs: ICICI Bank rises 3.2%, Tata Motors gains 2.4%
Indian ADRs ended higher on Wednesday. Tata Motors gained 2.44 percent and Infosys gained 0.91 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian ADRs ended higher on Wednesday. In the banking space, ICICI Bank rose 3.2 percent at USD 60.92 and HDFC Bank was up 0.41 percent at USD 51.
In the IT space, Infosys gained 0.91 percent at USD 69.74 and Wipro added 1.31 percent at USD 13.15.
In the other sectors, Tata Motors gained 2.44 percent at USD 47.04 and Dr Reddy's Laboratories was down 1.42 percent at USD 56.74.
 

FO cues: Nifty 8600 call adds 5.5 lakh shares in OIHome » News » F&O Cues
Dec 04, 2014, 08.24 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
F&O cues: Nifty 8600 call adds 5.5 lakh shares in OI
F&O cues: Nifty 8700 call added 5.5 lakh shares in Open Interest and Nifty 8600 call added 5.5 lakh shares in Open Interest.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
F&O cues: Nifty 8600 call adds 5.5 lakh shares in OI
F&O cues: Nifty 8700 call added 5.5 lakh shares in Open Interest and Nifty 8600 call added 5.5 lakh shares in Open Interest.
Post your opinion here
 
F&O cues:
Nifty 8500 put and Nifty 8700 call seen maximum build up in Open Interest on December 3
Nifty 8700 call added 5.5 lakh shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8500 put added 2.8 lakh shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8600 call added 5.5 lakh shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8200 put added 4.4 lakh shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8900 call added 2.5 lakh shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8800 call added 2.1 lakh shares in Open Interest
FIIs in F&O on December 3 (Provisional data from NSE)
FII net sold Rs 997 crore in Index Futures
FII net bought Rs 975 crore in Index Options
FII net sold Rs 437 crore in Stock Futures
RELATED NEWS

Buy Maruti Suzuki  Sell Sun Pharma Today: Sanjeev BhasinBuy Maruti Suzuki  Sell Sun Pharma Today: Sanjeev Bhasin
Guidelines to LPG Distributors for New ConnectionsGuidelines to LPG Distributors for New Connections
Markets may open flat; Pvt banks  Pharma  Realty in focusMarkets may open flat; Pvt banks  Pharma  Realty in focus
Air Seychelles takes off with Mumbai flightsAir Seychelles takes off with Mumbai flights
Sensex to open on a positive noteSensex to open on a positive note
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 04, 2014 08:36 IST
After hitting record highs, the indices are finding it difficult to break out of a range on the upside.
 
 
After hitting record highs, the indices are finding it difficult to break out of a range on the upside. India's services sector showed robust expansion in November with HSBC India Services PMI rising to 52.6 in November from 50 in October.  Strong triggers are hard to come by even as a few set of investors are betting that December will see a Santa Claus rally.
After ending flat on Wednesday, the indices are set to open positive but may languish in a range again. The BSE's Midcap index and Smallcap index which shone and hit new records will see further activity. Select stocks will be in focus including the banking pack. Central Bank of India is raising about Rs 626 crore through preferential allotment of shares to LIC.
Global cues are healthy for now but not good enough to turn sentiment around. The Dow rose 0.18% while S&P 500 added 0.38%. Nasdaq was up 0.39%. Asian indices are also higher. Japan's Nikkei and Hong Kong's Hang Seng are up over half a percent each. China's Shanghai index is also up around 0.6% now.
Stocks of insurance companies surged up to 8.4 per cent today on hopes of hike in foreign direct investment (FDI) limit in the sector, says a report. The gainers include Bajaj Finserv, Max India, Reliance Capital and Aditya Birla Nuvo.
The public issue of garment manufacturer Monte Carlo was subscribed by 61 per cent on the first day of the IPO. The issue will remain open till Friday. Ahead of the IPO on Tuesday, the company sold 16.3 lakh shares to anchor investors -- 60 per cent of the shares set aside for qualified institutional buyers, as required, says a report.
The Centre is set to kick off its disinvestment programme on Friday by selling 5% of its stake in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL). Based on SAIL's closing price on Wednesday, the sale should fetch around Rs. 1,768 crore, says a report. After SAIL tests the market, other state-owned companies whose shares will be put on the block are ONGC, Coal India, and Hindustan Zinc (residual stake sale), the report added.
Sadbhav Infrastructure Projects has filed draft papers with the regulator Sebi for raising up to Rs 600 crore through an initial public offering.
India has moved up 11 notches in the corruption index to place 85th among 175 nations as against 94th last year, graft watchdog Transparency International said.
A Delhi court fixed January 27 for recording of pre-charge evidence in two alleged tax evasion cases involving Pradip Burman whose name has figured in the list in the black money issue, according to reports.
Govt has eased FDI rules for construction sector. Government also removed lock in period for FDI in construction. Under the new rules, foreign investment is now allowed in projects with a minimum built area of 20,000 square metres.
Market regulator Sebi is seeking clarification from the merchant banker of PNC Infratech Limited regarding the company's proposed initial public offer (IPO), according to reports.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announced the guidelines for setting up and operating the Trade Receivables Discounting System (TReDS). TReDs is a scheme for setting up and operating the institutional mechanism to facilitate the financing of trade receivables of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) from corporate and other buyers, including government departments and public sector undertakings (PSUs) through multiple financiers.
Nestle India Ltd has announced that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 03, 2014, has declared third interim dividend of Rs. 8.00 (Rupees eight only) per equity share for the year 2014 on the entire issued, subscribed and paid up share capital of the Company of 96,415,716 equity shares of the nominal value of Rs. 10/- each.The stock was flat at Rs2720.
Shares of Pratibha Industries Ltd was down 6% at Rs48 after report said that ratings firm CRISIL downgraded the credit rating on both its short- and long-term loans.
Azim Premji is in talks to acquire under 5% stake in HDFC Life for a little over $100 million, or Rs 600 crore. A report stated that Premji Invest is discussing acquisition of shares from HDFC in a secondary transaction.
On studying the country's 500 largest corporate borrowers, India Ratings & Research (Ind-Ra) opines that it would be hugely challenging for them to improve their leverage levels even moderately. Ind-Ra estimates that if the current leverage levels (FY14 median leverage 4.7) are to be reduced to FY10/FY11 levels (FY10 median leverage 3.3; FY11 median leverage 3.5), in a scenario wherein India experiences the turbocharged growth observed between FY05 and FY08, the process is likely to take two and a half to three years. 
Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd has announced that the Board of Directors of BPCL have given their approval for diversification into Petrochemicals at an estimated capital cost of Rs. 4,588 Crores. 
Mankind Pharma is looking for potential acquisitions or merger deals, and growth opportunities abroad, according to a report.

Bull s Eye: Buy Sintex  IDFC  Dish TV  Ashok LeylandDec 04, 2014, 08.55 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bull's Eye: Buy Sintex, IDFC, Dish TV, Ashok Leyland
Dharmesh Kant of India Nivesh Securities advises buying LIC Housing Finance for a target price of Rs 460 and Sintex Industries for a target price of Rs 102.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bull's Eye: Buy Sintex, IDFC, Dish TV, Ashok Leyland
Dharmesh Kant of India Nivesh Securities advises buying LIC Housing Finance for a target price of Rs 460 and Sintex Industries for a target price of Rs 102.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
Bull's Eye, CNBC-TV18's popular game show, where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
On Bull's Eye this week - Dharmesh Kant, Kunal Saraogi and Sharmila Joshi are battling it out for the strongest portfolio. Let’s hear out their picks for today.
Dharmesh Kant of India Nivesh Securities
Buy  LIC Housing Finance for a target price of Rs 460 and keep a stoploss at Rs 420
Buy  Sintex Industries for a target price of Rs 102 and keep a stoploss at Rs 93
Buy  SKS Microfinance for a target price of Rs 379 and keep a stoploss at Rs 351
Short  Bank of India for a target price of Rs 270 and keep a stoploss at Rs 300
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush
Buy  IDFC for a target price of Rs 168 and keep a stoploss at Rs 163
Buy  Apollo Tyres for a target price of Rs 242 and keep a stoploss at Rs 234
Buy  Dish TV for a target price of Rs 69 and keep a stoploss at Rs 66.50
Buy  Pidilite Industries for a target price of Rs 495 and keep a stoploss at Rs 477
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
Sharmila Joshi, Market Expert
Buy  Ashok Leyland for a target price of Rs 57 and keep a stoploss at Rs 54.5
Buy  Dish TV for a target price of Rs 69.5 and keep a stoploss at Rs 66.8
Buy  Delta Corp for a target price of Rs 99 and keep a stoploss at Rs 93.8
Buy  Redington for a target price of Rs 136 and keep a stoploss at Rs 131
Disclosure: She holds Redington and Delta. Stocks discussed may have been recommended to clients.
RELATED NEWS

Astral Poly Technik: Outcome of securities committee meetingDec 04, 2014, 08.23 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Astral Poly Technik: Outcome of securities committee meeting
Astral Poly Technik Ltd has informed BSE regarding the Outcome of Securities Committee Meeting of the Company held on December 03, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Astral Poly Technik: Outcome of securities committee meeting
Astral Poly Technik Ltd has informed BSE regarding the Outcome of Securities Committee Meeting of the Company held on December 03, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Astral Poly Technik Ltd has informed BSE regarding the Outcome of Securities Committee Meeting of the Company held on December 03, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

In this counter people expect dividend as they want to make sure yd is...New Member
11 Followers
Dear,1} making some 10-15% profit which is pittance by my standards.I invest for 100% minimum.Do read my previous posts,you will know.I stated my views about.I enter only if it cross 70 which is impossible as per current situation of company.There is this mysterious high risk situation going on in this share for quite a long period of time.Every one say company is in big profit but no dividend,why?The most risky factor is 85% investors are sitting on more than 800% profit.I entered Ybrant around 2 RS,bot 50000 shares as long term .But i had to book profit around 12-20 range.And i never tried to enter again,but once i did short term as i had some funds left that time and got 1 or 2 lakh as profit.Pray for Ybrant to cross 70 and you can see BSE announcer posting...sreya menon bought 50000 shares blah blah..
In reply to : hary72 message
5.24 PM Dec 3rd

65.73% del vol ce60 added....signifies that 60 is visible in this mont...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Whoever be the qip participants  the prime thing is qip was successful...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

India eyes stake sales in state lendersIndia plans to reduce stakes in state lenders
Avantika Chilkoti in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3150df8c-770a-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xolo launches Opus 3 smartphone at Rs 8 499Xolo launches Opus 3 smartphone at Rs 8,499
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 1, 2014  | 12:00 IST
Smartphonemaker Xolo has launched the latest edition in its Opus smartphone series , the Xolo Opus 3, at Rs 8,499.
The smartphone is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core (MediaTek MTK6582M) processor coupled with Mali 400 MP2 GPU and 1GB of RAM.
The phone runs Android 4.4 KitKat out-of-the-box. The dual-sim device features a 5-inch HD (720x1280 pixels) IPS display, which offers a pixel density of 294ppi.
The smartphone sports an 8 MP rear camera with LED flash, while there is a secondary 5-megapixel front-facing camera with 88-degree-wide angle lens (f/2.0 aperture) and LED flash.
The Xolo Opus 3 offers 3G, GPRS/ EDGE, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, GPS/ A-GPS, Micro-USB, and Bluetooth 4.0 options.
The smartphone has 2500mAh battery, which is claims to deliver up to 13 hours of talk time on 3G and up to 26 hours of talk time on 2G network.
Various sensors on the Opus 3 smartphone include accelerometer, ambient light sensor, proximity sensor and magnetometer. The handset measures 143x71.3x8.8mm.

Australia rules out open tender for subsAustralia rules out open tender for A$20bn submarine fleet
Jamie Smyth in Sydney and Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da9d8372-79eb-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Aussie dollar climbs from 4-year low© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73a291ae-79f9-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shah Rukh Khan celebrates DDLJ s 1000 weeks on Kapil Sharma s showBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 3, 2014 9:53 am
It turned out to be a joyous reunion when the cast members of “Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge”, the Bollywood romantic film which is set to clock a successful run of 1000 weeks on December 12, turned up on the set of hit show “Comedy Nights With Kapil”.
Shah Rukh Khan, Kajol, Anupam Kher, Farida Jalal, Mandira Bedi and Pooja Ruparel were among the cast members of the 1995 film — debut directed by Aditya Chopra — who lit up the “Comedy Nights With Kapil” set with their exuberance.
From the photographs circulating on social networking platforms, it seems like it was a memorable congregation of the team of a film which redefined onscreen romance for Bollywood. The episode was shot on Monday.
Lauding the experience of shooting for the show with Kapil, Shah Rukh, who has been on the show quite a few times, tweeted: “@KapilSharmaK9 you make me smile & laugh & give me happiness. U r one of the greatest stand-up comics of our times. Thank you.”
Anupam also had an enjoyable time.
“Dear @KapilSharmaK9. It is always a joy to come on your show. Thanks for your love & warmth.:) #ThousandweeksofDDLJ,” tweeted the veteran actor who played father to SRK in the movie.
The special “Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge” episode will be aired in conjunction with the completion of the entertainer’s 1000 weeks.

Black money: Shome panel wants govt to tax you for your cash withdrawalIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
A high level official panel today proposed levying of banking transaction tax on withdrawal of cash beyond a specified limit in a day to check black money and was not in favour tax amnesty scheme.
A report by the Parthasarathi Shome Committee, appointed by the previous UPA government, suggested taxing farmers with large land holdings in addition to host of measures to widen the net.
“Taxpayers keep waiting for amnesty schemes to be announced and take advantage of these schemes to build their capital.
“Amnesty schemes also cause inequity among taxpayers, and there is no proof that they improve taxpayer behaviour among evaders. They, therefore, should not be encouraged through amnesties,” said the report of Tax Administration and Reform Commission (TARC). It was the third report in the series.
Highlighting that there is no instrument at present that captures details of cash withdrawals from bank accounts, it said such information would help the I-T department widen its information base on the use of black money.
Making a case for Banking Cash Transaction Tax (BCTT), it said: “…IT Act should be suitably revised to include in its ambit cash withdrawals exceeding specified amounts in a day from bank accounts other than savings accounts.
“Alternatively, BCTT should be reinstated as an effective administrative measure”.
BCTT was introduced in June 2005 to track unaccounted money and trace its source and destination, but was withdrawn in April 2009.
BCTT was levied in respect of cash withdrawals in a day exceeding Rs 50,000 in the case of an individual and Rs 1 lakh in the case of other persons.
The report further said large farmers should be brought into the tax net.
“Against a tax free limit of Rs 5 lakhs on agricultural income, farmers having income above much higher threshold income, such as Rs 50 lakh, could be taxed. This will broaden the taxpayer base,” it said.
Talking about other steps to widen tax net, it said a conducive environment and tax culture should be created to encourage unorganised retailers to pay tax dues voluntarily.
The panel also recommended that wealth tax base can be increased by including intangible financial assets in the base while considerably raising the threshold and decreasing the wealth tax rate.
There has been increase in the number of non-corporate taxpayers for the categories Rs 2-5 lakh and Rs 5-10 lakh over the period 2007-12 but only a moderate fluctuation in the category below Rs 2 lakh over the same period.
Only 33 per cent of registered persons under service tax filed returns in 2012-13 and the number fell short of the previous year’s figure by approximately 1 lakh. Also, more than 50 per cent of registered central excise taxpayers are not filing returns.
It also pitched for tax administration measures to improve SMEs tax compliance.
TAGS: Black Money
More from economy

Aviation stocks: Clear skies  profitability still a question markAviation stocks: Clear skies, profitability still a question mark
Ram Prasad Sahu | Mumbai Dec 03, 2014 10:48 PM IST
Aviation stocks have been moving up on the back of a steep decline in crude oil prices, with Jet Airways gaining 50 per cent and SpiceJet gaining 27 in the last 10 trading sessions. With crude oil prices dropping 40 per cent from its peak and expected to be at these levels for some more time, aviation stocks, which are reeling from higher competition and operating losses, are expected to get some relief. Aviation turbine fuel (ATF) is the largest component of their cost basket, accounting for 39 per cent of Jet Airways sales and 54 per cent for SpiceJet in the September quarter. ATF prices were reduced by four per cent on November 30, 2014, taking the level of reduction of the fuel since August to 15 per cent.
Analysts believe a fall in fuel prices and aggressive promotions could lead to improving demand and higher load factors. This, coupled with lower fuel costs, should improve profitability. HSBC analysts believe a 10 per cent fall in fuel prices could not only improve demand but also earnings before interest, depreciation, amortisation and rentals by 12 per cent and 23 per cent for Jet Airways and SpiceJet, respectively, in FY16.
The other positive factor for the sector has been strong demand. Passenger volume growth has been healthy with nearly six million domestic passengers in October pushing up year-on-year growth to a strong 18 per cent. For the first 10 months of CY14, passenger growth is pegged at 8.6 per cent with average passengers flown per month being 5.5 million. This is poised to improve due to the ongoing busy season. The load factors, however, have seen a fall in October given the additional flights during the festive season.
However, the rupee, too, has to strengthen or at least stay around the current levels for the full benefit of the lower costs and higher demand to flow through to the companies. About 75 per cent of operating costs (fuel, rentals, maintenance, loans) are dollar-denominated and any weakness in the rupee will offset some of the gains from the fall in fuel prices.
While operational performance is likely to improve going ahead, most analysts are looking at improving metrics before upgrading the stocks and thus are in the wait-and-watch mode. The launch of services by new entrants, though, could act as an overhang.
Jet Airways
The stock is in demand thanks to falling fuel costs and a rating upgrade by ICRA on the company's Rs 3,210-crore loan facility. The company's turnaround strategy by FY17 is dependent on its ability to increase international presence and rationalise capacity. As part of the strategy, the firm has already discontinued Jetlite, its low-cost arm, and turned it into a complete full-service airline. While the company turned profitable in the September quarter owing to sale of frequent-flyer business, its operational performance, too, saw an improvement with revenue per passenger up six per cent and on lower costs, which were down five per cent. Lower interest costs (down 15 per cent year-on-year) added to its bottom line. Given the expectations that the share of higher-margin international operations will rise from 53 per cent to 60 per cent, how the company leverages its partnership with Etihad will hold key to improving metrics.
SpiceJet
The key concern for SpiceJet is funding of operations given its loan liability of Rs 1,500 crore and negative net worth of Rs 1,000 crore. While promoters have infused Rs 133 crore, it is inadequate given the Rs 400 crore of cash losses over the past six months. Rashesh Shah of ICICI Securities believes significant fund infusion is a must either through a strategic partner or through a promoter to take advantage of favourable operating environment. On the operational front, the firm managed to bring down its reported losses in the September 2014 quarter at Rs 310 crore by half, compared to the year-ago quarter. The year-on-year reduction in losses was aided by a 28 per cent rise in traffic and 10 per cent decrease in unit costs. However, the performance was below expectations as lower yields or revenue per passenger (down 10 per cent) offset some of the gains accruing to the company on account of lower fuel prices and strong rupee compared to last year.

Indian ministers hate speech sparks furyModi minister under fire for attack on Indian minorities
Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e1463e4-7ab2-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Doubt cast on Modis hunt for black moneyDoubt cast on Modi’s quest to find India’s black money overseas
Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c8708e4e-70d9-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

For Rohtak girls  harassment  stalking is everyday ordealFor Rohtak girls, harassment, stalking is everyday ordeal
By Jaideep Sarin | IANS –  Wed 3 Dec, 2014
Print
Rohtak: Two braveheart sisters who took on their tormentors in a moving bus as they were being molested and assaulted made it to national, and even international, headlines from Haryana's Rohtak town. But in the same place, there were two other teenaged girls who, unable to bear their harassment, ended their lives just over three months back.
Both incidents and some more actually expose the rampant stalking, harassment and societal admonishment that girls from Haryana face from the largely patriarchal society.
Teenagers Nikita and Madhu, both of who were bright students and had dreams to go to the US, ended their lives August this year after consuming poison-laced juice.
In their separate suicide notes, running into six and four pages, the girls clearly mentioned about the shame and harassment they faced by constant stalking by men and boys when they went for their coaching classes. They even named their tormentors along with details of vehicle numbers.
The deaths of these girls neither shook the national media nor the system and the administration to the larger problem of uncurbed harassment and stalking.
But the reaction from the two college-going sisters, Aarti and Pooja, to three youth who harassed, molested and assaulted them last Friday in a moving Haryana Roadways bus while other passengers and the bus staff remained mute spectators has shaken a lot of people.
The video of the two sisters bravely taking on the youth and attacking them with a belt, hands and legs as they were themselves being assaulted, went viral after a fellow woman passenger shot it for them.
"It was not a one off incident. We face eve-teasing, stalking and harassment from boys and men everyday - from the bus stop to the bus and at other places," Aarti told IANS in the midst of several interviews that both sisters have been giving to TV channels and media organizations since Sunday.
"Like earlier, even on the day of this incident, people inside the bus, instead of helping us, told us to calm down and ignore the lewd gestures and comments. One of them said that these boys are like this only and we should not react. He said that if we react, the boys will rape us, throw acid or beat us up. Despite all this, we said that enough was enough," Pooja said.
"We have always taught our daughters to stand up to any wrong-doing against them. I am proud for what they have done," said their father Rajesh Kumar.
Rohtak district police chief Shashank Anand said that the case of all three accused, who are in judicial remand, would be referred to a fast-track court for early decision.
These are not just two incidents from Rohtak, the home town of former chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.
In May 2012, motorcycle-borne youths threw acid on a junior national volleyball player, Ritu Saini, 17, in Rohtak. The victim, a class 11 student, suffered burn injuries on her face, arms and chest.
In June 2011, two bikers threw acid on three girl students, when they were on their way to homes after their tuition classes.
"While girls face harassment and stalking from young men and boys, many of them try to ignore and suffer and don't complain to police," Seema Dahiya, another college student, told IANS.
(Jaideep Sarin can be contacted at jaideep.s@ians.in)
Recommend

RBI issues new norms for MSME trading platformUpdated: December 3, 2014 22:37 IST
RBI issues new norms for MSME trading platform
Special Correspondent
banking
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday issued guidelines for setting up and operating the trade receivables discounting system in the country, called TReDS, with a minimum paid-up equity capital of Rs.25 crore.
It “will not be allowed to assume any credit risk,” said the RBI. The central bank will accept applications to set up TReDS, till the close of business on February 13, 2015.
“The scheme for setting up and operating the institutional mechanism for facilitating the financing of trade receivables of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) from corporate and other buyers, including government departments and public sector undertakings, through multiple financiers will be known as TReDS,” RBI said.
The central bank said that MSMEs, despite the important role played by them in the economic fabric of the country, faced constraints in obtaining adequate finance, particularly in terms of their ability to convert their trade receivables into liquid funds. The RBI expects this issue would be resolved through an institutional mechanism to fund trade receivables.

Centre to open up legal sector in phasesCentre to open up legal sector in phases
Amiti Sen
Non-litigious services and international arbitration may be thrown open first
New Delhi, December 3:  
The legal sector in India, which has so far remained the exclusive domain of domestic practitioners, may be partially opened to foreign law firms. The Commerce Ministry is working on a proposal for a phased opening up of the sector in non-litigious services and international arbitration, a government official told BusinessLine.
It plans to discuss the matter with the Ministry of Law and Justice soon, following which it would hold inter-ministerial discussions and start work on a Cabinet note.
“The idea was discussed in detail at the recent National Services Conclave. We are giving finishing touches to a paper and will take it up with the legal department soon,” said a Commerce Ministry official who did not want to be identified.
But the Bar Council of India, which has so far been against the idea of liberalising the sector, will need to be convinced first. The Commerce Ministry expects Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s backing to add weight to the proposal.
The paper proposes that foreign lawyers could be permitted to practise in India in conjunction with Indian lawyers, as a joint venture, with a cap on foreign participation.
After two-three years, advisory or non-litigious services in Indian law could be opened up, but a foreign lawyer would need to go through a pre-qualification examination in various aspects of Indian law.
With international trade and foreign investments rising, there is a growing need for advisers on a host of commercial, trade and investment issues, which could be opened up to foreign lawyers, the Ministry said.
In any case, foreign lawyers are working on disputes involving their companies through back-channels. “In the case of Japanese company Daiichi Sankyo’s dispute with former promoters of Ranbaxy, the company representatives would be accompanied by large contingents of Japanese lawyers who would do all the research and preparatory work.
“But they needed an Indian lawyer to represent them formally,” the official said.
India could get into bilateral arrangements with other countries to allow foreign lawyers to practise in limited areas in each other’s territories on a reciprocal basis.
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Sandvik to relocate global mining facilities to India  ChinaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sandvik to relocate global mining facilities to India, China
Pratim Ranjan Bose
Tweet
Kolkata, December 2:  
In October, Sandvik announced a plan to set up its sixth manufacturing base in India at $ 45 million (approximately 280 crore at current exchange). But that may not be the end of the investment proposals to the country.
According to Kobus Malan, President emerging markets, Sandvik Mining, the company is also relocating number of its global mining equipment facilities from USA and Europe to India and China as part of a two year business reorganisation plan that will be completed in the next fiscal.
“A number of factories in Europe and USA are to be closed down. They were acquired during the 10-year long mining super cycle when chasing orders were a priority,” Kobus Malan, President emerging markets, Sandvik Mining told Business Line on Wednesday.
Malan could not offer details of the factories to be relocated to India and China. He was in the city in connection with International Mining and Machinery Exhibition (IMME).
With commodity prices plummeting Sandvik is focussing on cost efficiencies and shifting its operations to the growth markets of India and China.
“We have formed a focussed group for the emerging markets of India and China,” he said adding that as the business process is on course to be streamlined further India (along with China) may get more investments.
Coal mining gear
Meanwhile, the company is expecting underground coal mining gear business to be a growth churner of Indian operations, beginning next fiscal.
Sandvik produces peripheral equipment (excluding the core mining equipment like continuous miner or longwall) for underground sector.
Though dominates the hard-rock mining sectors, like zinc and copper, in India; the company has little presence in the coal sector which depends on the opencast or surface mining activities to fuel the energy needs of the country.
Announcement of some big budget underground project by Coal India and Singareni Collieries (SCCL) during 2009-10, changed the scene.
According to Subhasis Das, vice president Sandvik Mining, the company will start supplying equipment to three large underground projects beginning next fiscal. “We are expecting coal sector to contribute half of our mining business in India in next five years,” he said.
‘Make-in-India’
Parag Satpute, managing director of Sandvik Asia said apart from mining, the company is focussing on infrastructure (like roads, ports) and machining sectors for future growth in India.
He is particularly bullish that the ‘Make-in-India’ campaign will open wide opportunities for Sandvik.
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Jet and IAF planes in mid-air scareA Mumbai-bound Jet Airways flight carrying 130 people from Chandigarh came uncomfortably close to an IAF trainer jet in mid-air after the commercial airliner breached its assigned altitude on Wednesday afternoon.
The incident occurred somewhere above Sarsawa air force station in Uttar Pradesh.
A preliminary report sent by the Delhi air traffic control to the directorate general of civil aviation says the Boeing 737 was assigned a flight level of 22,000 feet but it climbed up to 24,000 feet, the height at which the air force jet was cruising during a routine cross-country sortie.
An aviation official said a potential collision was averted when an ATC official noticed on the radar monitor the deviation in altitude of Jet Airways flight 9W 469 and warned the pilots to take evasive action.
The mid-air scare threw up questions if the anti-collision warning system in the Boeing aircraft had malfunctioned. It issues two warnings — when another aircraft is at a vertical distance of 40 seconds and after the planes are separated by 30 seconds.
Jet Airways couldn’t be contacted for a response.

India to be Fastest Growing Economy in 2-3 Years: Mukesh AmbaniSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: India will surpass China as the world's fastest growing economy in the next 2-3 years, top industrialist Mukesh Ambani said on Wednesday, while terming the fall in global oil prices as a "gift" to India.
"We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in the next 2-3 years. We will exceed China's growth rate in next 2-3 years. We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in 2016-2017 and 2017-2018," the Reliance Industries chairman said.
He was speaking at an event organised by Brown University here.
He also said that 2014 is a landmark year for the country.
"I think the people of India have spoken after really 30 years. I have (been) in business for now alomst 30-35 years and we have got a majority (government) now... I have been saying this consistently that 2014 is a lucky year for India," he said.
Referring to the recent fall in crude oil prices, he said, "We are now on the horizon of $60-70, that is really a gift.... If this continues for two years, it's a gift."
He recalled that oil prices had shot up from $20 per barrel to $140 from 2004 to 2014.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 23:05 (IST)

New parivar takes shape to counter BJP and ModiNew Janata parivar takes shape to counter BJP and Modi
Srinand Jha , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 04, 2014
First Published: 00:21 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 15:37 IST(4/12/2014)
Comments
The once-firebrand young Turks of the socialist movement, who fell apart more than two decades ago, are set to re-unite as a family of ageing warriors. The process will begin with a huddle in Delhi on Thursday, and if all goes well, Nitish Kumar’s JD(U), Lalu Prasad’s RJD, HD Deve Gowda’s JD(S), and Om Prakash Chautala’s INLD will merge as a new party under the leadership of former wrestler and SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav.
A combo picture of Mulayam Singh Yadav (Samajwadi Party), Lalu Prasad (Rashtriya Janata Dal), Om Prakash Chautala (Indian National Lok Dal) and Nitish Kumar (Janta Dal (United)).
More than love for one another, it is the fear of rapidly diminishing political relevance and rise of BJP under PM Narendra Modi that is driving the process.
The new entity could be named the Samajwadi Janata Dal.
Given the SP’s better credentials — being in power in Uttar Pradesh and also having the most MPs in Parliament among the lot — it is likely that Mulayam will be asked to lead the new party in the making. “However, a mechanism for collective leadership will also be worked out,” sources said.
“The JD (U) is hopeful and keen on a merger of our parties. It is time for us to come together and jointly confront the challenges facing the country,” former Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar told HT.
“The Janata parivar merger should be seen as the first step in the direction of consolidating secular forces . Other like-minded parties could join at a later stage. Even the Congress and the Left parties are likely to support this secular formation,” said JD (U) spokesperson KC Tyagi.
After the luncheon meeting at the SP leader’s residence, leaders of the fledging group are likely to announce joint campaign programme to highlight “failures of the NDA government” on issues including black money, unemployment and farmers’ problems.
Senior BJP leader and environment minister Prakash Javadekar said that in a democracy, all political groupings had a right to come together or split. “But the Janata parivar DNA dictates that they come together and split again,” he said.
Senior Congress leader Shakeel Ahmed remarked, “Old socialists are known for their typical characteristics. They cannot live without each other for a long time. But they also cannot live together for more than one year.”

Oldest litigant in Babri Masjid case wants to withdraw his petition in SCOldest litigant in Babri Masjid case wants to withdraw his petition in SC
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Ayodhya/Lucknow, December 03, 2014
First Published: 23:50 IST(3/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:08 IST(4/12/2014)
Comments
Twenty-two years after the 16th-century Babri Masjid in Uttar Pradesh was demolished on December 6, 1992, the oldest litigant in a lawsuit over the religious site said on Wednesday he wants to withdraw from the petition in the Supreme Court.
Hashim Ansari, 96, said he would no longer defend the matter in the apex court, expressing anguish over how other Muslims leaders involved in the case have politicised the issue.
However, Zafaryab Jilani, legal advisor to the All India Muslim Personal Law Board, said the withdrawal of one person would not affect the case.
Many Hindus believe the site is the birthplace of Lord Ram and a giant temple dedicated to him should be built there, but Muslims want to build a mosque at the site.
The Allahabad high court said in a 2010 ruling the land be divided into three parts — one for Ram Lala, represented by the Hindu Mahasabha for the construction of a temple, another for the Sunni Waqf Board and the third for Hindu group Nirmohi Akhara.
Appeals on the case — originally filed in 1950 and then expanded over the years as more parties claimed title to the property— rest before the Supreme Court, which is yet to hear the matter.
Ansari told HT that UP’s urban development minister Mohd Azam Khan, who’s the convener of the Babri Masjid Action Committee, should represent the petition.
The demolition of the mosque allegedly by Hindu activists sparked riots that spilled into the following year and have been blamed for about 2,000 deaths.

Chandy hints he may water down liquorpolicyWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:18 am
Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy Wednesday told the Assembly that the government would bring in necessary changes in the new liquor policy.
Climbing down from his earlier stand that there would not be a review of the new liquor policy, Chandy said the policy would be altered factoring in practical and legal aspects.
The new liquor policy of the Congress government, which envisaged immediate closure of all bar hotels below the five-star category and prohibition in a decade, had faced setback in courts. Besides, the bar hotel owners’ allegation that state Finance Minister K M Mani had accepted bribe for renewing licence has put the government on the defensive.
After the bar hotel owners petitioned the High Court against the closure of the bars, the court had allowed them to function until appeals in the issue were disposed. In another verdict, all four and heritage category hotels got a relief from the court. Taking a cue from that verdict in October, 22 new four-star hotels obtained a verdict Tuesday to the effect that they be given liquor licence.
Stakeholders in the tourism and hotel industry had warned the government that the new liquor policy would hit the state’s tourism industry.
However, Congress state president V M Sudheeran said there was no need for changing the liquor policy.

India slams Pak for backingSaeedBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:14 am
In a response to Pakistan providing support to Mumbai attacks mastermind Hafiz Saeed-led JuD for the terror group’s two-day congregation in Lahore, India Wednesday termed it as a “blatant disregard” of global norms against terrorism. “Supporting UN-sanctioned individual or entity is blatant disregard of global norms against terrorism,” government sources said here. Pakistan government is said to be running two special trains to transport people to Lahore for the terror group’s congregation starting Thursday.

India loses legal battle to extradite French paedophileWritten by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:11 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 4:12 am
India has lost the legal battle to get the custody of Mathieu Nicolas Furic, a French national who in December last year was booked by Orissa police on charges of having unnatural sex with a group of minor boys on Puri beach, after a Namibian High Court rejected its petition on ground of procedural lapses.
According to a report in allafrica.com on Wednesday, the Windhoek High Court in its verdict last Thursday upheld Furic’s appeal against a Windhoek magistrate’s order that he be kept in prison in Namibia to await the decision of the country’s ministry of justice for extraditing him to India. Furic has now been released on bail and would leave for France.
The report said Judge Christie Liebenberg found that the Indian extradition request to the Namibian government did not meet some of the strict requirements set out in the country’s extradition act.
Puri SP Ashis Kumar Singh said he has sent a mail to the Interpol and Namibian authorities appealing against the High Court order.
In September this year, a magistrate court in Namibia had granted India’s request for extradition of Furic.
On December 2 last year, James Foster Gorman, a former US military officer, had filed a complaint with the Sea Beach police of Puri that Furic allegedly had sex with minor boys at the Penthakota beach on November 26.
He was arrested in Walvis Bay on June 23 while illegally trying to enter Namibia as a fisherman.

Takata  mission control© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/c7fe32e4-6fc2-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Takatas problem airbagsNovember 5, 2014 5:55 pm
Takata’s problem airbags
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fa73d028-64e9-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Non-veg food in IIT stopped during UPA rule: IraniPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
HRD Minister Smriti Irani yesterday rejected allegations that she was promoting vegeterian food in IITs, contending that it such meals were stopped during UPA rule, much before she assumed charge following complaints about high price.
“…We have turned IITs into a vegeterian complex? I would like to tell my learned friend that IIT students in Delhi explained and in fact expressed their anguish at the high cost of non-veg food and it was stopped in April 2014 much before I took office,” she said while replying to debate on a bill in the Lok Sabha.
“In fact, the IITs are exploring through three organisations or indivudials the possibility of providing non-veg food to its students. These are decisions I do not interefere with,” she said while countering the charges of some MPs in Lok Sabha today.
Congress MP Gaurav Gogoi had said that there has been move against non-veg food and added the government should be concerned about promoting IITs and not promoting veg food in IITs.
Earlier, Rajya Sabha MP and CPI-M leader Sitaram Yechury had also expressed concern over reports of non-vegetarian food being taken off menu in IIT Delhi and had sought her intervention in the matter.
With regard to the issue of German being replaced with Sanskrit as third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas, Irani strongly defended her action but said that foreign languages will continue to be taught as optional.
“When I am accused of only upholding Sanskrit because I am saffron, I would like to remind my learned friend that I was upholding an aspect of the National Policy of Education as envisaged by Gandhi which spoke of the Three Language Formula. It is a law of the land now,” she said.

Nifty seen opening flat; mid & smallcap stocks in focusAngel Broking
(Nifty is expected to move…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open flat on Thursday following muted trend seen in SGX Nifty. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to move in a narrow range, but should be able to hold on to its crucial psychological support level of 8,500.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 1 point lower at 8,576 indicating a flat opening on the domestic market.
Nifty ended the day with a marginal gain of 12 points at 8537, while the Sensex ended almost flat at 28442 in a volatile trading session on Wednesday. The broader market saw most of the action, with both BSE Mid & Small cap indices closing with gains of over 1 per cent each.
The BSE's Midcap index jumped 1.4 per cent and the Smallcap index rose 1.6 per cent to fresh highs on Wednesday. It looks like the action will continue in today's trade as well as investor appetite for smaller shares is intact despite higher valuations than blue-chips, say experts.
Nifty consolidated in a sideways range after the decline witnessed for the past two sessions. It continues to remain above the support level of 8420 which is an important level to watch out for, say analysts.
"The index would remain firm as long as 8420 is respected. If Nifty manages to sustain above 8420 then the index may extend the gains and test 8710 in coming few sessions," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"In an alternate scenario only if 8420 is breached then that may serve as an indication of short term weakness," added the report.
According to analysts, it will be difficult for Nifty to cross 8600 considering the fact that most of the key events are already factored in by the markets and December usually is lackluster as most FIIs are away for holidays.
"We are expecting the markets to probably consolidate in this range. The markets will find it difficult to breach 8,600 with most of the events out of this way," says Mayuresh Joshi - VP, Institution, Angel Broking .
"Nothing much is probably expected from the winter session in parliament and FIIs too might be going off action once the Christmas vacation starts so everything will point out the first week of January onwards," he adds.
Overnight, U.S. stocks ended higher with both the Dow and S&P 500 ending at record highs, as data pointed to improving conditions in the U.S. services sector, boosting cyclical stocks.
"A gauge of growth in the U.S. services sector rose more than expected in November even as its employment component dipped, according to ISM, while Markit's reading of the sector showed growth, though as a slower clip," Reuters reported.
"Momentum is building for the ECB to launch a program of sovereign-bond buying to boost the bloc's struggling economy, with most signs pointing to March for a decision. The ECB meets on Thursday," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 33.07 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 17,912.62, the S&P 500 gained 7.78 points, or 0.38 per cent, to 2,074.33 and the Nasdaq Composite added 18.66 points, or 0.39 per cent, to 4,774.47.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.56 per cent higher at 17,820 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.73 per cent higher at 23,599. China's Shanghai index was trading 0.64 per cent higher at 2,797.
FEATURED ARTICLES

 Dow  S&P End at Record Highs as Cyclical Stocks GainYou are here: Home Market
Dow, S&P End at Record Highs as Cyclical Stocks Gain
Reuters | Updated On: December 04, 2014 07:35 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
New York: US stocks rose on Wednesday, with both the Dow and S&P 500 ending at records, as data pointed to improving conditions in the US services sector, boosting cyclical stocks.
Both the Dow and S&P also ticked to intraday records in a quiet session, with many traders looking ahead to tomorrow's key meeting of the European Central Bank.
Cyclical stocks, tied to the pace of economic growth, led on the day, with industrials, materials and energy all up more than 1 percent. Telecom, utilities and consumer staples declined; all are viewed as defensive plays.
The rise in energy came alongside a 0.8 per cent rise in the price of crude oil. While the sector rose for a third straight day - up 3.2 per cent over that period - it is the only industry group to be negative for 2014.
Cimarex Energy was one of the S&P 500's top gainers, up 5.1 per cent at $108.17. Diamond Offshore rose 3.6 per cent to $31.44.
"Energy is the undervalued sector of the market, but trying to call the bottom of oil prices is like trying to catch a falling knife. There's value to be had, but also might be some more pain along the way," said Joseph Quinlan, chief market strategist at US Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management in New York.
A gauge of growth in the US services sector rose more than expected in November even as its employment component dipped, according to ISM, while Markit's reading of the sector showed growth, though as a slower clip.
Momentum is building for the ECB to launch a program of sovereign-bond buying to boost the bloc's struggling economy, with most signs pointing to March for a decision. The ECB meets on Thursday.
"We're looking for any stimulus, and are vulnerable to no additional actions being taken," said Quinlan, who helps oversee $330 billion in assets. "We'll feel more confident about global prospects if we have a more proactive ECB."
After the market closed, Aeropostale Inc shares dropped 6 per cent to $3 after its third-quarter results.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 33.07 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 17,912.62, the S&P 500 gained 7.78 points, or 0.38 per cent, to 2,074.33 and the Nasdaq Composite added 18.66 points, or 0.39 per cent, to 4,774.47.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,012 to 1,079, for a 1.86-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,674 issues rose and 1,036 fell, for a 1.62-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 113 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 139 new highs and 72 new lows.
About 6.1 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Anil Sinha: A low-profile  hardworking CBI DirectorAnil Sinha: A low-profile  hardworking CBI Director
Asian markets gain; Hang Seng  Nikkei riseAsian markets gain; Hang Seng  Nikkei rise
Why Jayant Sinha is mistaken about estate taxWhy Jayant Sinha is mistaken about the benefits of reinstating Inheritance tax
LUBNA KABLY, ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 08.28AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(By not re-introducing estate…)
A hint of the possibility of the reintroduction of estate tax has sent ripples of alarm among the upper echelons of society. The very thought of their heirs being saddled with such a tax is unpalatable. When our newly inducted minister of state for finance Jayant Sinha aired his views in a public forum that estate tax - also referred to as an inheritance tax - will take away at least some of the advantage that dynastic business people have right now and help in levelling the playing field, it was bound to cause more than just anxiety.
Even a tweet from Sinha hasn't helped much. On November 11, in a twitter-reply to a concerned taxpayer he said, "Relax, any inheritance tax would only apply to very large inheritances - say over Rs 25 crore."
Perhaps, 'relax' is not the right word to use here - not when our business scene is dominated by family-run enterprises. According to the CII, nearly 95 per cent of all Indian companies are family-run. About half of the 30 companies on the BSE Sensex are controlled by their founding families. Moreover, it appears that the gross output of these businesses accounts for 90 per cent of India's industrial output, 79 per cent of organised private sector employment, and 27 per cent of overall employment, superseded only by the government and PSUs.
Perhaps our young Harvard-educated minister has drawn a leaf from the estate tax regime in the US. Here a graded system prevails, with the highest rate of estate tax being 40 per cent. However, the threshold of exemption is high. An exemption is available of $5 million (indexed each passing year for inflation - it was $ 5.25 million - translated into Rs 30 crore for 2013). However, any attempt to follow suit could be counter-productive.
India abolished the archaic and draconian Estate Duty Act, 1953 in 1985. It was a complex piece of law with different valuation rules for different assets resulting in endless bouts of litigation. The estate tax was payable by the executors of the estate of a deceased. Inheritance exceeding Rs 20 lakh attracted the highest rate of 85 per cent.
India is not alone in having abolished estate tax. Several developed countries including Australia, Austria, Sweden and Singapore have chosen to abolish it. Sinha points out at the dynasty regime in business houses. But in this globally-competitive arena Generation Next has to toil hard to keep the business running and successful. As pointed out earlier, a large chunk of Indian businesses are family-run. Yet not all may be rich in terms of liquid cash. Having to divest assets to pay off heavy estate tax would be counter-productive.
Further, re-introduction of estate tax could prompt many to lose interest in India's growth, with a flight of capital to more friendly regimes, be it Singapore or Dubai. Worse, an estate tax may boost black money transactions. Surely, this government cannot afford to lose the battle against black money?
In the absence of estate tax, entrepreneurs are motivated to earn more, inherited wealth helps the next generation to be more productive, explore new markets, set up new business ventures. Business entities meeting certain financial criteria already contribute towards the mandatory CSR contribution. High networth individuals pay the super-rich income tax rate (they bear a 10 per cent surcharge), which has not been abolished and may continue.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley has said that he isn't in favour of burdening the salaried and middle classes with more taxes, but would rather go after the evaders in widening the tax net. This is good news for many. At the same time, any idea to impose a new tax on the rich or super-rich must be finalised bearing in mind long-term implications.
By not re-introducing estate tax, India can pitch to overseas high networth individuals of Indian origin to return and invest in India. 'Make in India' needs a push, not estate tax. Is our FM listening?
(For a counterview, read FirstBiz's 'Inheritance tax: Jayant Sinha is bang on, but that's only half work done' at goo.glorkBF2 )
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jack Ma unleashes Alibaba on XinjiangUpdated: December 4, 2014 10:18 IST
Jack Ma unleashes Alibaba on Xinjiang
Atul Aneja
Tweet
AP
Alibaba Group Executive Chairman Jack Ma speaks in front of a giant screen showing real-time sales figures of e-commerce giant Alibaba, on the "Singles' Day" online shopping festival at the Alibaba headquarters in Hangzhou in east China's Zhejiang province.
TOPICS
company information
China’s internet icon Jack Ma is unleashing the power of e-commerce in Xinjiang — a move that could help counter extremism in the restive border region.
The Alibaba group, Mr. Ma’s brainchild, is now geared up to tap the economic potential of Xinjiang and other neighbouring areas to develop e-commerce, cloud computing and big data.
“From here, we see an opportunity, an opportunity to sell produce from Xinjiang to the entire country and the world,” said Mr. Ma, recently at the Xinjiang E-commerce forum. He added: “Cross-border trade will be our next priority.”
By focusing on China’s less developed western region, Mr. Ma is riding on the New Silk Road initiative of President Xi Jinping, which hopes to develop an “economic belt” along a land route that, eventually, will connect Asia with Europe. The Chinese have set aside a $40 billion dollar seed fund to develop state-of-the-art infrastructure along this route, including high-speed rail links, roads, energy pipelines, fibre-optic highways and industrial parks.
Gu Jinbiang, public relations director of the Alibaba told China Daily that the group has taken into account the development of the Silk Road Economic belt, to further its plans.
Mr. Gu stressed that Xinjiang and the province of Gansu, which also falls along the Silk Road, are rich in farm and pasture products, but have limited market access. Consequently, Alibaba is sending a team
that hopes to connect local businesses with the online portal.
The Alibaba group has thrived on linking small businesses in remote areas to the national and global markets, after the former patriarch Deng Xiaoping’s reforms generated localised growth in areas, which lacked wider market access. Speaking in New Delhi last week, Mr. Ma asserted that over the next three years “one of the key strategies for Alibaba is to globalise and to make sure that we can help more small businesses around the globe, use our services to do businesses.”
Alibaba’s Xinjiang initiative is exceptional as the region has been wracked by violence driven by a vicious separatist movement. Last Friday, 15 people, including 11 attackers were killed, when they targeted a street full of food stalls with explosives and knives.
Around 3,000 ex-servicemen are being recruited to protect residential communities in Urumqi, Xinjiang’s capital, the newspaper, Global Times, affiliated with the Communist Party of China is reporting.
Xinjiang is central to the development of the New Silk Road, which starts from Xian, in Shaanxi province, which is also on Mr. Ma’s radar screen. Mr. Gu, of Alibaba, acknowledged that the group “is also discussing with authorities in Shaanxi province, and hopes to reach an agreement soon.” From Xian, the former imperial capital and home to the famed Terracotta warriors, the Silk Road heads towards Urumqi, and then through Central Asia, Iran, Iraq, and Turkey’s Anatolia, it ends up in Venice. Venice is also the point of termination of another parallel Chinese initiative-the 21st century Maritime Silk Road, which passes through the Malacca Straits, before entering the Indian Ocean and then makes it way to Europe via the Suez Canal.

 ITC  ICICI Bank  SAIL  in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
ITC, ICICI Bank, SAIL, in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: December 04, 2014 09:16 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened higher on Thursday as indicated by futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors were net buyers of Indian equities on Wednesday as they have bought shares worth Rs 391 crore in cash market. However domestic investors remained net sellers to the tune of Rs 157 crore in cash market.
Here are the stocks likely to see action today:
ITC will be in focus today as reports suggest that the proposal for banning sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold. As per analysts loose cigarette sales are 65 to 70 per cent of total cigarette sales in India.
Steel Authority of India: The government will divest 5 per cent stake in the company through Offer for Sale(OFS) route on Friday. Floor price for the issue will be declared today post market hours. Post this stake sale government's holding in the company will come down to 75 per cent.
ICICI Bank goes ex-split today. The company had announced a stock split in the ratio of 5:1 (Each share of Rs 10 face value will be divided into 5 shares of Rs 2 face value).
ABB India has own orders worth Rs 344 crore from public utilities, Bihar Grid Corporation (BGCL) and West Bengal State Electricity Transmission Company to build transmission and distribution substations in the region.
DLF: As per reports the company is planning to sell 50 per cent stake in Cyber City to raise Rs 3,500 crore.
Strides Arcolab: Stelis Biopharma, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Strides Arcolab has started construction of $60 million multi-product, biopharmaceutical plant at Johor, Malaysia.
Sadbhav Engineering: Its subsidiary Sadbhav Infra has filed Draft Red Herring Prospectus (DRHP) with Sebi to bring Initial Public Offer for 1.62 crore shares worth Rs 600 crore.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 09:16 (IST)

GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia cheered by US economic resilience  euro strugglesGLOBAL MARKETS-Asia cheered by US economic resilience  euro struggles
#Express5: How they play politics with remains of CRPF dead; Freak accident  gas leak  nearly 100 dead in 2yearsBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:03 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 9:31 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day
1. CRPF personnel killed in ambush
Politics took over mourning in Chhattisgarh a day after Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh placed wreaths on the coffins of 14 CRPF personnel killed in a Maoist ambush in Sukma.
At Raipur morgue, how they play politics with remains of CRPF dead , special report by Ashutosh Bhardwaj
2. No lessons learnt
SAIL described it as a “freak accident”, the first such event in 50 years. But hardly any lessons seem to have been learnt by India’s flagship firms.
‘Freak accident’, gas leak, nearly 100 dead in 2 yrs — but no lessons learnt , reports Anil Sasi
3. UPA to CBSE
While the NDA government is facing criticism for its decision to replace German with Sanskrit in Kendriya Vidyalayas, it now turns out that the previous UPA government’s HRD Ministry, had also sought to “introduce Sanskrit as a compulsory subject up to Class X” in all secondary school.
In 2013, UPA to CBSE: Make Sanskrit a must , by Ruhi Tewari
4. OPINION
The Rohtak Sisters have appeared in not just one but two videos that celebrate their courage. In both videos, the two sisters are seen teaching a lesson to young men who harass them. While a whodunit of questions surround the videos — primary being who shot them.
TV’s bravehearts, writes Shailaja Bajpai
5. CRICKET
Out of those 15 players who were part of the Cup-winning campaign only Dhoni, Kohli, Raina and Ashwin remain as permanent fixtures in the Indian ODI team.

Indian rupee opens flat at 61.93 per dollarDec 04, 2014, 09.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian rupee opens flat at 61.93 per dollar
USD-INR is expected to trade today in a range of 61.70-62 per dollar, says Mohan Shenoi of Kotak Mahindra Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian rupee opens flat at 61.93 per dollar
USD-INR is expected to trade today in a range of 61.70-62 per dollar, says Mohan Shenoi of Kotak Mahindra Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian rupee opened on flat note at 61.93 in the early trade on Thursday. It has closed at 61.91 Wednesday.
The euro fell to two-year lows on expectations the European Central Bank will be forced to inject even more stimulus to a sputtering euro zone economy.
Also Read - RBI opens door for a rate cut early next year: CRISIL
Mohan Shenoi of Kotak Mahindra Bank said, "Dollar is continuing its rally against major global currencies. RBI appears to be active on both sides of the USD-INR market thereby keeping the currency subdued and rangebound. USD-INR is expected to trade today in a range of 61.70-62 per dollar."
RELATED NEWS

Here are top 10 stocks to focus on December 4Dec 04, 2014, 09.01 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are top 10 stocks to focus on December 4
Here are top 10 stocks to focus on December 4 - Ashok Leyland, Apollo Tyres, NBCC, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, MBL Infra, SAIL, Ranbaxy, Dr Reddy's and Sadbhav Engineering.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are top 10 stocks to focus on December 4
Here are top 10 stocks to focus on December 4 - Ashok Leyland, Apollo Tyres, NBCC, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, MBL Infra, SAIL, Ranbaxy, Dr Reddy's and Sadbhav Engineering.
Post your opinion here

Check out UKs ultimate fitness crazesThe latest fitness crazes you must try!
Visit Britain – India –  Sun 30 Nov, 2014 5:25 PM IST
Share 0
Tired of the treadmill? Disinterested in dumbbells? It’s time to infuse your fitness routine with something a little different. From anti-gravity yoga to Bokwa (said to be the new Zumba), Britain is anything but boring when it comes to working out. Here are some of the latest fitness crazes that are taking the UK by storm
24
As much as you love keeping fit, you don’t want to spend your entire day slogging away at the gym. Perhaps that’s why Briton’s love 24, a new class that burns 500 calories in just 24 minutes. 24 is an intense, heart-pumping, high-intensity interval training workout, which sees participants complete a brand new exercise every minute. Sweaty, strenuous, but thankfully very short, 24 is offered by Virgin Active Health Clubs all over the UK.
virginactive.co.uk
Photo Credit: Virgin Active UK Facebook page
Anti-gravity yoga
Developed by gymnasts, anti-gravity yoga allows you to indulge your inner-acrobat by performing stretches and poses in a suspended hammock. This works against gravity to realign your body whilst you improve your flexibility and posture. Classes are held nationwide .
antigravityyoga.co.uk
Photo Credit: Anti-gravity Yoga Facebook page
Barre
Whether you want to work on grace and posture or sweat your way to a svelte figure, ballet-inspired barre classes promise to strengthen, lengthen and tone your muscles. A deceptively challenging workout, you can start with a yoga-like fusion of barre moves and deep stretching at Barreworks , or get your heart pumping with barreDANCE and barreCARDIO classes at Barrecore – both in London. Though popular in the capital city, classes can be found elsewhere in the UK .
barreconcept.co.uk
Bokwa
Hailing from South Africa, Bokwa involves drawing numbers and letters with your feet while performing high-energy dance routines to upbeat soundtracks. It may sound peculiar, but the results aren’t to be scoffed at; converts burn up to 1,200 calories in a single session. You can join a Bokwa class in locations across Britain.
bokwafitness.com
CrossFit
While CrossFit began as a form of training for military and law enforcement personnel, today the programme has a cult-like fitness following all over the world. A fast and furious blend of high-intensity interval training, gymnastics and weight-lifting, it’s certainly not for the faint of heart. CrossFit gyms – or boxes as they are otherwise known – are nationwide.
crossfit.com
GEAR3D
A GEAR3D session takes just 30 minutes and utilises the Techno Gym Omnia frame, which was specifically designed to train hardened military personnel. Devotees are put through their paces by battle ropes, pull up bars and weight bags amongst other things. The reward? GEAR3D’s after-burn effect, which means you’re able to burn calories for up to 36 hours after you’ve finished training, without having to lift a finger. Definitely worth 30 minutes of your time. Join a group at a Virgin Active Health Club near you.
virginactive.co.uk
Hydro-spinning
If you’re a fan of spinning and swimming, you’ll love hydro-spinning – one of the latest fitness crazes to reach Britain. Essentially, it’s a spin class that takes place on stationary bikes in swimming pools. If you need a little more incentive, HydroFit offers bikes in private hydro-massage bath tubs, which exfoliate your body as you pedal. It’s pretty much a spa-treatment, but you can still say you worked out. Sneaky. HydroFit is located in London.
hydrofit.co.uk
Photo Credit: Hydrofit UK Facebook page
Piloxing
Piloxing is a boxing and pilates hybrid, which is wildly popular in the US and is now making waves in Britain. Participants perform pilates-like moves to pumping music while boxing with weighted gloves and burn up to 900 calories an hour in the process.
www.piloxing.com
Track Cycling
The torch from the 2012 Summer Olympics in London may have been extinguished, but Britain’s athletic enthusiasm is still burning. Inspired by the seven gold medals won by British track cyclists, velodromes – cycle-racing tracks – are cropping up all over the UK. Why go to a spinning class and stay static when you can experience the adrenaline rush of the Lee Valley VeloPark , where Sir Chris Hoy made history? Want to set new records? Derbyshire is be home to the newest Olympic-sized indoor velodrome, which will open in October 2014.
Photo Credit: British Cycling Facebook page
britishcycling.org.uk/track

Sapna Book House Acquires Ishita Tech And Its 3 brands [Bookadda  Koolskool  Acadzone]Sapna Book House Acquires Ishita Tech And Its 3 brands [Bookadda  Koolskool  Acadzone]
See pick up in credit growth by quarter-end: HDFC BankSee pick up in credit growth by quarter-end: HDFC Bank
Record high: Sensex gains over 250 pts; ITC surges 5%Record high: Sensex gains over 250 pts; ITC surges 5%
Daily Market Strategy - Market attempting to stretchDaily Market Strategy - Market attempting to stretch
Gold futures settle higher 0.78% to USD 1 208.5Gold futures settle higher 0.78% to USD 1 208.5
Markets may open flat; Ranbaxy  SAIL in focusMarkets may open flat; Ranbaxy  SAIL in focus
Dont sell single share spicejet has a turnaround story. re...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Kaye logon ko puts buy kara rahe ho aise hi dlf 100 puts entire novem...New Member
223 Followers
SBIN pe and pNB pe still trading arround yesterdays bought price ... nifty 8500  pe at 44 now if u can average it ..fine other wise hold with a sl at 38 ... now a borken pattern devlops ..my avg is 52 now .... NOte .. not compulsory to avg hold with sl intact
9.30 AM Dec 4th

It wl remain for few minutes in minus.it wl remain around ystrdays clo...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Accumulation seems very good. lets hope rally has started really this ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Suven Life to unveil Rs 200 cr QIPSave this video
Copy URL
Sources say the company will launch the QIP within a week. The QIP will likely be Rs 192 per share which is at a 7% discount to the market price. The company is raising this capital with an aim of launching a new drug molecule. The new molecule, SUVN 502 has completed phase 1b clinical trial in the USA
15

Zee Media Corporation5 Followers
Price when posted : BSE: Rs 18.90 ( -5.26 % ), NSE: Rs. 18.95 ( -4.53 % )
In reply to : syedmohdfaisal message
3.10 PM Dec 16th

Tax cash withdrawal beyond limit in a day: Shome paneltaxes and duties
A high-level official panel on Tuesday proposed levying of banking transaction tax on withdrawal of cash beyond a specified limit in a day to check black money, and was not in favour of the tax amnesty scheme.
A report by the Parthasarathi Shome Committee, appointed by the previous UPA government, suggested taxing farmers with large land holdings in addition to a host of measures to widen the net.
“Taxpayers keep waiting for amnesty schemes to be announced and take advantage of these schemes to build their capital.
“Amnesty schemes also cause inequity among taxpayers, and there is no proof that they improve taxpayer behaviour among evaders. They, therefore, should not be encouraged through amnesties,” said the report of the Tax Administration and Reform Commission (TARC). It was the third report in the series.
Highlighting that there is no instrument at present that captures details of cash withdrawals from bank accounts, it said such information would help the Income Tax department widen its information base on the use of black money.
Making a case for banking cash transaction tax (BCTT), it said: “...IT Act should be suitably revised to include in its ambit cash withdrawals exceeding specified amounts in a day from bank accounts other than savings accounts.
“Alternatively, BCTT should be reinstated as an effective administrative measure.’’
BCTT was introduced in June, 2005, to track unaccounted money and trace its source and destination, but was withdrawn in April, 2009. BCTT was levied in respect of cash withdrawals in a day exceeding Rs.50,000 in the case of an individual and Rs.1 lakh in the case of other persons.
The report further said large farmers should be brought under the tax net.
“Against a tax free limit of Rs.5 lakh on agricultural income, farmers having income above much higher threshold income, such as Rs.50 lakh, could be taxed. This will broaden the taxpayer base,” it said.
Talking about other steps to widen the tax net, it said a conducive environment and tax culture should be created to encourage unorganised retailers to pay tax dues voluntarily.
The panel also recommended that the wealth tax base could be increased by including intangible financial assets in the base while considerably raising the threshold and decreasing the wealth tax rate. It also pitched for tax administration measures to improve SMEs tax compliance.

Markets live: Sensex sheds 116 points on profit-taking; IT  auto stocks skidMarkets live: Sensex sheds 116 points on profit-taking; IT, auto stocks skid
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
3.30 pmIndian equity markets fell for a second consecutive session on Tuesday, as software services exporters declined on rupee's strength and as investors booked profits after the central bank kept interest rates unchanged, although it signalled potential rate cuts by early 2015.
The Sensex fell 115.61 points or 0.4 per cent to 28,444.01 and the Nifty ended down by 31.2 points or 0.36 per cent at 8,524.70.
Rupee up The rupee was trading strong at 61.87
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.48 per cent and 1.05 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.93 per cent and oil & gas 0.66 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.2 per cent and 0.94 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.73 per cent and FMCG 0.65 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.51%), Bharti Airtel (1.81%), L&T (1.12%), SSLT (1.1%) and ICICI Bank (0.74%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (2.85%), M&M (2.36%), Infosys (2.18%), HDFC (1.51%) and TCS (1.38%).
Is the global economy heading for a slowdown? China’s PMI tumbles, factory output has slowed even in France and Germany in November...
— Rajalakshmi Nirmal (@crajalakshmic) December 2, 2014
3.04 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading lower by nearly 0.3 per cent at the pre-close session amid firm global cues.
The Sensex was trading down by 95.28 points at 28,464.34 and the Nifty was trading lower by 21.95 points at 8,533.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.35 per cent and 1.00 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.82 per cent and oil & gas 0.71 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 0.92 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.72 per cent and FMCG 0.68 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.12%), Bharti Airtel (1.87%), SSLT (1.15%), L&T (1.01%) and Sun Pharma (0.8%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (3.15%), M&M (2.23%), Infosys (2.11%), Bajaj Auto (1.53%) and HDFC (-1.41%).
The Nifty call Go short with stop-loss at 8,590
European markets European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
Stoxx 50 was up 19.16 points or 0.59 per cent at 3,252.07 and FTSE 100 rose 76.39 points or 1.15 per cent to 6,732.76.
2.15 pmProfit-taking by funds and retail investors led the Sensex and the Nifty trade lower by nearly 0.3 per cent.
The BSE benchmark Sensex was trading at 28,477.96, down 81.66 points and the NSE index Nifty was trading at 8,531.50, down 24.4 points.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.1 per cent and 1.08 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.71 per cent and oil & gas 0.31 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 1.24 per cent, respectively.
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (+2.27%), SSLT (+1.72%), L&T (+1.46%), Bharti Airtel (+1.28%) Sun Pharma (+1.19%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.32%), Infosys (-1.93%), GAIL (-1.67%), Bajaj Auto (-1.61%) and Tata Motors (-1.05%).
Oil retailers down Stocks of oil retailing companies were down by nearly 3 per cent as the Government has hiked the excise duty on petrol by Rs. 2.25 a litre, and on diesel by Rs. 1 a litre effective tonight.
Excise duty hiked Petrol, diesel excise duty hiked
European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
1.42 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.5 per cent due to profit-taking in blue-chips amid firm global cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex was trading down by 125.98 points at 28,433.64 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty was trading lower by 38.95 points at 8,516.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.13 per cent, followed by TECk 0.7 per cent and consumer durables 0.38 per cent. Metal (+1.15%), healthcare (+0.95%) and capital goods (+0.55%) indices remained investors' favourite.
BSE gainers, losers SSLT (+1.79%), Hindalco (+1.56%), Bharti Airtel (+1.26%), L&T (+1.06%) and Tata Steel (+0.95%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.71%), Infosys (-1.79%), Bajaj Auto (-1.53%), Tata Steel (-1.27%) and HDFC (-1.22%).
12.40 pmThe Nifty and the Sensex were trading down by over 0.4 per cent. The Nifty was trading at 8,522, down 34 points, and the Sensex at 28,443, down 117 points.
Volatility Index, India Vix was at 13.06, down 1.06 per cent.
Sectoral indices such as auto, finance, IT, realty and services were in the red.
Top five gainers on the Nifty were JIndal Steel, NMDC, Cairn India, Sesa Sterlite and PNB.
European indices, FTSE-100, CAC-40 and DAX were in the red.
12.16 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.4 per cent on heavy selling in auto, IT and TECk stocks despite firm global cues.
The BSE benchmark Sensex fell 120.76 points to trade at 28,438.86 and the NSE index Nifty moved down by 34.89 points at 8,521.10.
Trading was highly volatile despite RBI announcing that it would cut interest rates early next year.
According to Monetary Policy, Threats to infl. from poor north-east monsoon, removal of base effect and changes in cmdty prices remain.
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 2, 2014
Sectoral indices Auto index fell the most by 1.17 per cent, followed by IT 0.93 per cent and TECk 0.6 per cent, while metal (0.62 per cent), capital goods (0.6 per cent) and healthcare (0.56 per cent) indices remained investors' favourite.

Call for Raman Singh s ouster grows louder within BJPYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Post Sukma Maoist attack, call for Raman Singh’s ouster grows louder within BJP
BHAVNA VIJ AURORA, ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 10.20AM IST
Tags:
Ajit Doval
(RSS had a hands-off approach…)
NEW DELHI: Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh is under fire for repeated Maoist attacks in his state, with a growing demand for his ouster from even within BJP. BJP president Amit Shah is scheduled to visit Raipur on December 10 to meet party MLAs and seek their views. "There might not be any developments in the next few weeks, but a message will certainly be delivered to the CM," a senior BJP leader said.
Congress, too, demanded dismissal of his government in Lok Sabha on Tuesday in the wake of yet another Maoist ambush in Sukma.
For BJP leaders, Singh's failure to curb Maoist violence tops the list of issues that they have against him. Home Minister Rajnath Singh visited the state Capital and said: "Naxal violence is a national problem. Centre and the state will jointly fight this menace," he said.
However, voices against Raman were growing within the party and there were several disgruntled MLAs and workers in the state. "It is getting difficult to defend the CM as he does not appear to be in control of the law and order situation. Earlier, he was getting away by blaming the Centre when UPA was in power," the BJP leader added.
Sources in BJP claim earlier RSS had a hands-off approach regarding Raman, but now with unabated Naxal terror in the state, even Sangh favours a tough position against him. Sources in security establishment said NSA Ajit Doval also spoke to Raman Singh, asking him for a detailed report on the Sukma operation.
This is not the first time that Maoists have struck in the state with impunity. In the same district near Chintalnar, 76 CRPF personnel had lost their lives in a Maoist attack in 2010. Almost the entire top Congress leadership of the state was wiped out in a ruthless attack last year before assembly polls.
"There is the example of Andhra Pradesh government that managed to tackle the Maoist problem effectively by following the policy of clear, hold and develop. Chhattisgarh, however, has shown no will to fight the Maoists at all," an intelligence official told ET.
"It is easy to blame the state but where is the Centre's cogent policy to fight Maoists. The Centre needs to get the unified command in place to fight the menace," an aide of the CM said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah no longer chief among ministersBackward Classes Commission
(Siddaramaiah was widely…)
BENGALURU: A parade of heavyweight advisors is deserting Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, just a year-and-a-half after he assumed office, threatening to rob his government of intellectual heft and direction at a time when BJP is on the ascent nationally.
Siddaramaiah, the last major Congress satrap, was widely expected to innovate and revolutionise the state administration to shore up his party's prospects across the country.
A day after former Supreme Court judge Santosh Hegde tore into the Siddaramaiah administration for "denuding the state Lokayukta Act," the state government came under fresh attack from another long-time associate and an ideological fellow traveller, CS Dwarkanath.
"He has disappointed us. This government is no different from the previous BJP one. This government also has corrupt ministers and there is no action against them," said Dwarakanath, former chief of the stat e 's Backward Classes Commission who was an architect of the Ahinda (Kannada acronym for minorities, Backward Classes and Dalits) movement that pushed Siddaramaiah to the seat of power.
Dwarakanath's statement is echoed by several members of the intellectual circle, including freedom fighter HS Doreswamy, who stood behind Siddaramaiah and aggressively campaigned for him in the assembly elections in May 2013. Even the head of this intellectual coterie, the late Jnanpith awardee U R Ananthamurthy, met Siddaramaiah just days before he died and said, "the administration has to improve, it cannot go on like this."
Justice Hegde, whose report on illegal mining in 2011 de-seated former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa on corruption charges, told ET: "Siddaramaiah took out a padayatra against mining and corruption all the way to Bellary, during BJP rule.
But now his Cabinet has approved a bill that will denude the powers of the Karnataka Lokayukta. We had expected him to strengthen it, not weaken it like this."
Siddaramaiah is perceived to have become rudderless and exceedingly indecisive in state decision-making.
Political analyst Sandeep Shastri said the situation had worsened as Siddaramaiah has not acted decisively on many issues, including corruption, even after the 2014 Lok Sabha verdict that decapacitated Congress.
"He is constrained by the high command and Congress culture. But he has not been inclusive and depended only on Congress outsiders who came with him into the party," Shastri said. No minister - with the exception Congressman HK Patil - has come to Siddaramaiah's defence on any issue in the recent times.
Congress sources point out that his inner circle of ministers, comprising HC Mahadevappa, V Srinivasa Prasad and HS Mahadev Prasad, have neither bothered to defend him, nor worked efficiently in their respective departments. A senior party leader also pointed out that state Congress chief G Parameshwara is constantly snapping at the CM's heels, criticising him and trying to engineer his fall.
Siddaramaiah is now left with a handful of supporters, including political novices like state youth Congress chief Rizwan Arshad , to take on a measured attack both within his party and from the opposition BJP and JD(S). Social scientist and analyst Narender Pani contended: "He cannot be expected to change the corruption culture by himself."
Pani said Siddaramaiah can still be a game-changer. "The recent industrial policy can make a great difference for the overall growth."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Incursion in Tibetan monastery a mysteryYou are here: Home > Collections > Ladakh
Dozen monasteries of Drukpa Buddhist lineage taken over by monks with strong financial backing
ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Dalai Lama
(The takeover of the monasteries…)
NEW DELHI: While transgressions by Chinese soldiers in Ladakh in September and the resultant standoff were widely reported, an incursion of another kind shrouded in mystery is said to have taken place in Tibet at around the same time.
Sketchy details of this are only emerging now from the Chinese-controlled territory.
A dozen monasteries, all more than 800 years old and belonging to the Drukpa Buddhist lineage , were taken over by monks said to have strong financial backing after evicting those already there, leaving the sect's adherents everywhere shaken. The lineage is one of the main Buddhist schools based in the Himalayas.
The takeover of the monasteries coincided with Chinese transgressions in the Chumar and Demchok areas of Ladakh that took place while President Xi Jinping was visiting India, said Jigme Pema Wangchen, the 12th Gyalwang Drukpa, the spiritual head of the sect.
"We are still trying to ascertain if more monasteries have been taken over as these areas in Tibet are remote and communication is poor," Jigme Pema Wangchen told ET. "It took the evicted monks four days to report to me after the incident occurred.
These monks are apolitical, engaged in spiritual work and it is baffling why they were targeted."
Given the history of the region, with the Chinese taking control of Tibet in 1951, the Dalai Lama fleeing to set up a government in exile in Dharamsala and the two countries fighting a war in 1962, anything to do with control of monasteries assumes political significance. India recognised Tibet as an autonomous region under China in 2003.
China expert Professor Srikanth Kondapalli said that the Chinese yuan has been flowing into the monasteries in Tibet with an eye on controlling them since 2011 elections to the Tibet government in exile.
The identity of the monks, many of whom are said to have entered the monasteries under the pretext of wanting to repair and renovate them, is still unknown.
"The need of the hour is to safeguard the identity and culture of the Drukpa Lineage with some forces making attempts to disturb the order," alleged Wangchen, who is based in India.
There are some reports that the members of the Karma Kagyu lineage of Buddhism may be behind the takeover, but there is no confirmation of this.
The lineage has about 300 monasteries in Ladakh alone.
"The Drukpas are present in the Himalayas stretching from the Ladakh region to Tibet and Nepal and all way to Darjeeling in contiguity before modern nation states divided us.
As many as 267 monasteries function from Ladakh and the remaining are in Tibet," Wangchen said.
The monks based in India sought to show where they stood at the time of the recent border incursions.
"When the September standoff occurred between India and China in Chumar and Demchok areas, some of our monks in Ladakh organised protest marches along the Line of Actual Control with the Indian tricolour in hand. They felt Indian territory was intruded upon by foreign forces and decided to organise this," Wangchen said.
The standoff lasted almost all of September after which troops from both sides returned to their positions along the Line of Actual Control. The oddly timed muscle flexing cast a shadow over Xi's visit and Prime Minister Narendra Modi had to raise the issue of repeated transgressions during delegation-level talks in Delhi.
The Department of Posts had issued a commemorative stamp on the Drukpa Buddhists on the occasion of Buddha Purnima this May, perhaps the first recognition accorded by the Indian government to a particular lineage. The 12th Gyalwang Drukpa was born in Himachal Pradesh and his monastery in Ladakh is one of the main centres for the Buddhist lineage.
An avid environmentalist, Wangchen also organised a padayatra that ended last Sunday in Uttar Pradesh to support Modi's Swachh Bharat campaign.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shah Rukh Khan  Salman and Aamir do the towel danceBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 3, 2014 2:12 pm
We have always wondered about how it would be if the three Khans – Salman, SRK and Aamir – come together under one roof? And their presence at the recent event in Delhi left us asking for more.
The stage was set ablaze with their performances. By performance we do not mean any rehearsed dance moves – but a towel dance which the trio seemed to enjoy on the stage.
It seems that SRK and Aamir had been wanting to do it for long, but finally landed up doing it on stage at the show Aap ki Adalat. SRK leads the Khan gang with Rajat Sharma, Aamir and Salman behind them, all squeezing on to a single towel.
Really engrossed in the towel dance, we hope to see more such performances by the Khans in future.

Katrina Kaif bares it all: Her closest friend is not RanbirWritten by Sunitra Pacheco | Mumbai |
Posted: December 3, 2014 1:35 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 12:58 pm
Known to be an extremely private person, Bollywood actress Katrina Kaif recently bared her soul in an interview with fashion magazine, Vogue. The actress, who is dating actor Ranbir Kapoor, gives an insight as to who she really is, her likes and dislikes.
When asked who her closest friend in the world is, the ‘Dhoom 3’ babe revealed it is none other than filmmaker Ali Abbas Zafar who worked with the beauty in ‘Mere Brother Ki Dulhan’. Katrina, who played the female lead in the Imran Khan starrer, met the director on the sets of the rom-com and a close friendship blossomed between the two.
Though she may have not named Ranbir as her closest friend, the actress did pick him as her choice of ‘Desert Island Companion’. Well, the couple has been known to globe trot together quite a bit. They made headlines when they were spotted in Spain together last year, enjoying a day at the beach.
In the interview, Katrina also reveals tidbits about herself, including that she does not like being called ‘Kat’.
When it came to her favourites, ‘Gone With The Wind’ was the film she picked and ‘Twilight’ actor Robert Pattinson over heartthrobs George Clooney and Brad Pitt. Pancakes are her favourite Sunday breakfast meal and New York is her best shopping destination.
The actress also said she’d rather be called beautiful than sexy.

Sensex  Nifty rangebound; broader markets extend gainsDec 03, 2014, 01.43 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty rangebound; broader markets extend gains
The broader markets extended gains in afternoon trade. The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices climbed 1.7 percent each. About two shares advanced for every share declining on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty rangebound; broader markets extend gains
The broader markets extended gains in afternoon trade. The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices climbed 1.7 percent each. About two shares advanced for every share declining on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
01:45pm Interview
The finance ministry seeks to extend the 5:25 scheme to all stalled infrastructure projects. The scheme is likely to help easing project and finance bottlenecks. It will also address issues related to the non-performing assets.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, KK Mohanty, MD, Gammon Infrastructure says the 5:25 scheme is a positive step for infra companies and will be more effective at lower interest rates.
According to him, interest rate of construction projects is currently around 12 percent. Post 5:25 scheme, investors can earn returns at the start of the project.
The company is planning to implement the scheme for its new projects.
01:30pm MTNL in focus
Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad says there is no proposal for disinvestment of MTNL and BSNL.
In fact, the government is in process of revitalising both companies, says Prasad, adding revival measures include merger of MTNL and BSNL and four groups formed to study BSNL and MTNL merger.
01:00pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks gained marginal strength amid volatility, supported by banks, oil, auto, capital goods and select metals stocks. The Sensex rose 32.59 points to 28476.60 and the Nifty advanced 17.65 points to 8542.35.
The broader markets extended gains in afternoon trade. The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices climbed 1.7 percent each. About two shares advanced for every share declining on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Rakesh Arora, Macquarie says despite the outperformance relative to global markets, the Indian market is still below previous valuation peaks.
He believes the market can re-rate further to 16-17x if economic recovery is stronger-than-expected. "Our 12-month Nifty target is 9,940 based on 15x FY17e EPS,” he says.
Shares of BHEL and Sesa Sterlite kept top position in the buying list in the Sensex, up 2.5-3 percent. ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, ONGC, Reliance Industries, Mahindra & Mahindra, State Bank of India and Maruti Suzuki gained 0.6-1.6 percent.
However, ITC, HDFC, TCS, Infosys, Dr Reddy's Labs, Bharti Airtel and Hero Motocorp declined 0.5-2 percent.
In the midcap space, Firstsource Solutions, Bajaj Electricals, Natco Pharma, Max India and Indian Bank climbed 7-12 percent while Sundaram-Clayton, Astral Poly, SpiceJet, Hindustan National Glass and Ramco Cements fell 2-4 percent.
12:00

Flipkarts Bansals continue funding spree  invest $1 m in start-up AtherFlipkart co-founders Sachin and Binny Bansal have invested $1 million in Ather, a start-up focused on designing high-speed electric two-wheelers, in their third investment since June. Serial entrepreneur and Medall Healthcare CEO Raju Venkatraman also participated in this round.
Incubated at the IIT Madras, Ather was launched in 2013 by Tarun Mehta and Swapnil Jain.
According to Mehta, the fresh funds will be used for research and development of components like battery, charger and android dashboard.
While the company has already built prototypes of the vehicle, it will take another four months to offer test rides to the public. A full-fledged sale will commence in 12-14 months.
“Sachin and Binny Bansal’s focus on technology and reinvention aligns with that of the Team Ather. Electric vehicles are still at a very nascent stage in India and our aim is to develop and introduce efficient electric scooters which will benefit the country and help manage its resources more effectively,” Mehta said.
Ather raised their first round of capital, $100,000, in February this year from Aerospike founder V Srinivas and the Technology Development Board, government of India.
Incidentally, the Flipkart co-founders have been on an investment spree ever since the Flipkart’s acquisition of Myntra in May.
In June, Bansals, along with Saif Partners and other angel investors, participated in a $700,000 funding round for Touchtalent, a social networking site and platform for artists to sell their work.
A few weeks later, Binny Bansal invested in fashion-focused social network Roposo.
Bansals again invested in News in Shorts, which provides news in 60 words, in July. This was followed by an another investment in offline games start-up MadRat Games in November.
“We believe that the world is moving towards a smarter, more energy-efficient and environment-friendly approach in our daily lives. Growing Indian start-ups like Ather are using technology successfully to make a mark in this field,” Sachin and Binny Bansal said in a statement.
Incidentally, Bansals are not the only Indian e-commerce entrepreneurs to have turned angel investors. Snapdeal’s Kunal Bahl has also invested in Delhi-based online chat platform Zumbl and taxi services company Ola, which recently raised a staggering $210 million from Japan’s SoftBank.
TAGS: Flipkart IIT Madras Snapdeal
More from companies
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Eicher Motors stock rises 7.14% on Goldman Sachs buy callEicher Motors stock rises 7.14% on Goldman Sachs buy call
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 15:56 IST
Eicher Motors rose on Wednesday after Goldman Sachs resumed buy coverage on the stock.
Goldman Sachs has given a price target of Rs 19,235 on the stock, a 34 per cent rise in 12 months.
The stock rose 7.14 per cent to Rs 15,375 on the BSE. The Sensex closed flat at 28,442 points.

Express Technology Sabha: Green concerns raised to derail India developmental efforts  said Anant GeeteIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
Holding developed countries responsible for environmental imbalance, Anant Geete, Union Minister of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises, has said concerns over environment are often raised to derail India’s efforts to join the list of developed countries.
Addressing the inaugural PSU edition of the Express Technology Sabha in Hyderabad last Saturday, Geete, who was the chief guest, said: “The way we are concerned about environment, even the developed countries are not as concerned. I don’t think India can be held responsible for the imbalance in environment existing today. The developed countries are responsible.”
“Now, when we try to carry out developmental works, there is an attempt to derail that in the name of environment. We are told that environmental balance needs to be maintained. We are not against that. But what is environment for? Environment has meaning only till human beings are alive, otherwise what is its meaning?”
The two-day event organised by the Express Group was attended, among others, by PSU representatives, government officials, and executives of information technology companies and consulting firms. A series of presentations and discussions on PSU issues dominated the proceedings.
Inaugurating the event on November 28, S Narsing Rao, Principal Secretary to Chief Minister of Telangana, said the PSU sector had immense potential and the undertakings needed to optimise use of information technology, not make it a mere cosmetic affair. Dwelling on issues like e-procurement, Rao urged PSUs to implement information technology to add value.
On the opening day of the Express Technology Sabha, Jayesh Ranjan, Vice Chairman & Managing Director, Telangana State Industrial Infrastructure Corporation, spoke on simplification of industrial approvals using e-biz. This online platform will speed up the process of setting up an industrial unit in Telangana and approvals will be taken care online. He said the government of Telangana was determined to make the process simple for business entities to invest in the state. “An applicant had to go to 16 different departments to hand a form. This is ending now.”
Brainstorming sessions were interspersed with contests in which winners could win iPads and high-end watches.
On the second day, S P S Bakshi, Chairman & Managing Director, Engineering Projects India Ltd, gave a presentation on how IT could help PSUs improve efficiency and transparency. SMAC (Social, Mobility, Analytics and Cloud) was part of the discussion.
B N Sathpathy, Senior Advisor, Planning Commission, said every Central Public Sector Enterprise (CPSE) should prepare an IT plan which must involve benchmarking extant technology levels and a time-bound plan for the future. “It has to be based on strategic needs and should be benchmarked with other public/private competitors in the sector,” said.
The event concluded with a panel discussion moderated by Anant Goenka, Wholetime Director and Head-New Media, The Indian Express Ltd. The distinguished panel comprised Anant Geete, Dr S P S Bakshi, Jaiveer Srivastava, Chairman and Managing Director of Fertilizers and Chemicals Travancore Ltd (FACT), and Alok Sinha, former Chairman and Managing Director of Food Corporation of India (FCI). The discussion revolved around steps that PSUs could take for the success of the Make-in-India programme announced by the government.
More from economy

SAIL plunges 5% ahead of offer for sale issueDec 03, 2014, 03.20 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SAIL plunges 5% ahead of offer for sale issue
Shares of Steel Authority of India (SAIL) fell more than 5 percent on Wednesday ahead of dilution of equity shares by government through offer for sale issue.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SAIL plunges 5% ahead of offer for sale issue
Shares of Steel Authority of India (SAIL) fell more than 5 percent on Wednesday ahead of dilution of equity shares by government through offer for sale issue.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  Steel Authority of India (SAIL) fell more than 5 percent on Wednesday ahead of dilution of equity shares by government through offer for sale issue.
The government will conduct offer for sale (OFS) on Friday, reports CNBC-TV18 quoting unnamed sources.
Ministers' panel will meet tomorrow to fix floor price, say sources, adding there are no plans of the government to offer heavy discount to institutional investors.
CNBC-TV18 learnt that the government may provide limited discounts to retail investors and will communicate to stock exchanges today on OFS timeline.
The Government of India holds 80 percent stake in the steel maker, as of September 2014.
At 15:05 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 85.30, down Rs 4.55, or 5.06 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

UBI targets UB Holdings over KFA loan defaultUnited Bank targets UB Holdings over Kingfisher Airlines loan default
Devidutta Tripathy     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 20:20 IST
Vijay Mallya, United Breweries Group chairman (Photo: Reuters)
United Bank of India (UBI), the state-run lender has identified Vijay Mallya's United Breweries Holdings Ltd (UBHL) as a ' wilful defaulter ' over non-payment of loans by his group's grounded carrier Kingfisher Airlines.
The country has been alarmed by the rise in bad loans , particularly at the state lenders that dominate the banking system, and is cracking down on so-called wilful defaulters.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) defines a wilful defaulter as a borrower that is able but unwilling to pay, has diverted loan proceeds for other than their initially stated use, or has overstated profits to obtain a loan.
UBI is proceeding against UBHL as it was a guarantor to the loan to Kingfisher Airlines, a senior bank official said on Wednesday, adding that the bank's loan exposure to the private carrier was more than Rs 400 crore.
The move piles pressure on Mallya , one of the country's most-prominent businessmen, who is also being pursued by other domestic banks for not meeting loan-repayment obligations linked to his Kingfisher Airlines.
A wilful defaulter tag may hurt a company's fund-raising prospects and lead to the dismissal of its executives.
Kingfisher has not flown for over two years and it owes more than US $1 billion to a consortium of banks, mostly state-owned lenders.
In a major blow to liquor baron Mallya, the government rejected his re-appointment as managing director of Kingfisher, the company said on Monday.
The airline had secured a stay order from a regional court against United Bank's earlier move declaring it and its directors as wilful defaulters. That case is ongoing.
"We analysed their balance sheet and found that in 2013-14 they had surplus money... Which they could have used to pay our loan," said Deepak Narang, an executive director at United Bank, on the move to identify UBHL as a wilful defaulter. Narang was referring to the previous financial year ended March 31, 2014.
"They didn't pay," the UBI executive told Reuters.
Self-proclaimed 'King of Good Times' Mallya, chairman of the UB Group and known for his flamboyant lifestyle, was not immediately available for a comment.
Mallya gave up his board position at Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers Ltd (MCFL), a group company, the company said this week without citing any reason.
(Reuters)

More than 500 cos in debt trouble  need Rs 7 tn to pare itOver half of 500 companies in debt trouble, need Rs 7 trillion to pare it
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 19:45 IST
Photo: Reuters
More than half of the highly over- leveraged top 500 companies would need more than a whopping Rs 7 trillion or $114 billion and three years to deleverage themselves, says a report of India Ratings.
"If equity infusion is used as a means to deleverage, as many as 262 of the 500 top corporates would require a minimum equity infusion of around Rs 7,04,300 crore ($ 114 billion). But raising this amount will be a significant challenge given that between FY08 and FY14, less than half of this amount was infused as equity across these 500 corporates", India Ratings senior director for financial services Deep N Mukherjee said in a note.
"If these companies were to bring down their leverage ratio to a prudent level, they will need around three years to complete the process, provided their debts do not rise from the FY14 levels", he said.
Mukherjee added, however, that the process will take five to six years if there is only a marginal uptick in the economy over the current level.
"Of these, as many as 96 corporates, which are already tagged as non-performing assets or are undergoing corporate debt restructuring, will take 5-10 years to reduce their leverage to moderate levels", he said. 

Complaint filed against Sadhvi Niranjan for use of abusive language in public rallyDec 03, 2014 at 07:29pm IST
Complaint filed against Sadhvi Niranjan for use of abusive language in public rally
41
0
New Delhi: A formal complaint was filed against Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for use of abusive language in Monday's public rally on Wednesday. A complaint under section sections 153-A, B and 295-A IPC has been filed in New Delhi's Tilak Marg Police Station.
The charges against the Union Minister include deliberate and malicious acts intended to outrage religious feelings of any class by insulting its religion among others.
Sadhvi earlier on Monday during a public rally in National Capital used expletives against rival political parties as well. "Modiji ka mantra hai na hum khayenge na khane denge. Ab aapko tyah karna hai ki aap kise chunenge, aapko chunna hai ki ramzyaado ki sarkar banegi ya h*******o ki sarkar banegi, ye aapko tyah karna hai (Modi has given a mantra that we will neither take bribe nor let others take bribe. Now you have to decide whom to choose. Will you choose the sons of Ram or those who are illegitimate)," she said.
A formal complaint was filed against Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for use of abusive language in Monday's public rally on Wednesday.
Her statements resulted in massive uproar in Parliament with the opposition parties unitedly condemning it. Facing severe criticism over her remarks, Niranjan Jyoti was forced to apologise in Parliament on Tuesday.
25

Land Act changes not in this Parliament session. Reality Check for reforms driveSilver Member
0 Follower
lands in the erstwhile path of river,canals,drains,are banned by APEX court ( abdul rehman case) for sale/constructions.These lands be reviewed and revised in view of majority of these lands are situated where there is no functioning river,drain,canal. Dried up paths of erstwhile river etc path be released for further effective utilisation.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
9.36 AM Dec 4th

What led Jhunjhunwala to invest in SpiceJetWhy is Rakesh Jhunjhunwala investing in SpiceJet airline
Abhineet Kumar | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 12:49 AM IST
 
Ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala may have seen the beginning of a turnaround for debt-ridden SpiceJet when he bought a 1.4 per cent stake in the airline for about Rs 13.41 crore on Friday. The Kalanithi Maran promoted airline, which reported five consecutive quarterly losses, has been unsuccessfully trying to raise fresh capital for much of this year.
SpiceJet did not respond to an emailed query.
It reported a Rs 310 crore loss in the quarter ending September against Rs 560 crore in the year-ago period. The airline is now operating 26 Boeing 737 jets, down from a fleet of 35 earlier this year. But the operational environment for the airline seems to be changing with the dramatic fall in crude oil prices, a stable rupee and a reviving economy. The airline expects to fly 50 jets by the second half of the next year.
ALSO READ:  Anjuli Bhargava: Why SpiceJet flew into bad weather
“Despite concerns over negative net worth, the operating environment has turned favourable over the past two months,” says Rashesh Shah, analyst with domestic brokerage ICICI Securities. “With over 10 per cent reduction in ATF (aviation turbine fuel) prices and improving demand, we expect healthy margin expansion,” he adds.
Brent crude oil prices have declined to an average of $78.4 per barrel in November from a high of an average of $101.98 a barrel in August. This has led to a decline of 14.4 per cent in ATF prices to Rs 59,943 per kilolitre in December from Rs 70,044 in August in Delhi. ATF prices are expected to further decline to about 20 per cent lower than the August prices as crude prices are expected to be around $75 a barrel in the near term.
ALSO READ:  ATF price cut to help airlines save big
With ATF accounting for about 50 per cent of domestic carriers’ operating costs,  this is likely to cut SpiceJet’s losses sharply in 2015-16. Sales tax rationalisation expected at key airports in the next 6-12 months will further lower costs. The rupee is now much more firm against the dollar, one of the influencing factors with nearly 75 per cent of total operating costs linked to it. This will help bring down SipceJet’s operating costs.
“Based on an expected fall in ATF prices, further cost rationalisation and sensible revenue management post recapitalisation, it is possible to see SpiceJet’s turnaround in the next 12-18 months,” says Kapil Kaul, chief executive officer (South Asia) at the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (Capa).
According to the Director General of Civil Aviation, there was an 8.6 per cent growth in the number of passengers carried by domestic airlines in the January-October period. This is expected to accelerate as India’s economic growth is expected to reach six per cent in 2015-16 from 5.3 reported in the quarter ending September.
SpiceJet succeeded in increasing its market share to 18.1 per cent in 2013-14 from 12.9 per cent five years ago by expanding its fleet and keeping its prices low. But a high cost environment caused by currency weakness and a demand slowdown over the past two years led to heavy losses. The company reported a Rs 1,003 crore loss in 2013-14, up from Rs 191 crore in the previous year.

At the helm of Tata-SIA venture: The new airline and its CEOAt the helm of Tata-SIA venture: The new airline and its CEO
Anjuli Bhargava |  Dec 04, 2014 12:48 AM IST
I am still trying to pronounce his name (Fi Tek, Fee Tech, Mr Yo) when I see a lean, smiling, sprightly man, dressed almost all in black walk into the insipid boardroom of Vistara's temporary office. I give up my games and stand to greet P Tek (that's how it is pronounced), the chief executive officer (CEO) of the new airline, a partnership between the Tatas and Singapore Airlines.
It's the first stint in India for Phee Teik Yeoh, 46, an old Singapore Airlines hand. As a 13- year-old, Teik left his fisherman's village in Malaysia to study in Singapore because his father saw the value of an English education. The ASEAN had just started offering a scholarship and Phee Teik won it. He went on to win a Singapore Airlines scholarship that allowed him to study chemistry in university.
What is a chemistry graduate doing in aviation? "You are not the first to ask me this. Chemistry, jet, jet fuel? Is there some connection?" he laughs, saying there really isn't one. But Singapore Airlines didn't care. They take graduates from all disciplines. Not having a master's doesn't matter either. They make little distinction in recruits who have a bachelors' and a master's; it's what you do and how you do it that matters.
Just after he graduated, GlaxoSmithkline tried to lure the bright young lad by offering to finance his master's degree in the UK. Phee Teik landed in Oxford in December 1990, in a laboratory that was cold, gloomy and wet enough to make up his mind. "I gave up the chance to study chemistry further."
There's been little reason to look back. He's learnt the ins and outs of running an airline, been exposed to board level management and experienced overseas stations. In 1991-92, he was lucky to join Singapore Airlines during a growth spurt for the carrier; it added 10 international stations the year after he joined. Two years later, he was posted to Frankfurt and then Berlin, something he always wanted to do: work overseas.
But after four years he was brought in to work with the chairman of Singapore Airlines as a dedicated staff assistant for a year. "I learnt a lot, not about managing the airline, but at the board level since I was working with the chairman and not the CEO. This gave me an exposure I could never have got, the thinking of the board room, the matters they deal with like a share split and risk management."
I move on to India. What makes him think India needs another world-class airline; isn't Air India world class enough? He repeats my question, absorbs the mischievousness of it, thinks it through but is not thrown.
He gives me the politically correct answer. "Whether an airline is world class or not will be decided by the traveller himself. I have my views on where Air India stands, but let me focus on what Vistara wants to be. We want to be 'the' world-class airline from India."
Considering the entitlements already handed out by India, what scope is there, I ask. So much of India's traffic has been cornered by airlines like Emirates and even Singapore Airlines. "The market is never stagnant. If I am not mistaken, almost 50 per cent of the traffic rights that Indian carriers have are yet to be utilised". And that's where Vistara comes in.
Won't the infant end up competing with at least one of its parents? Not at all, he explains. Singapore Airlines will grow its footprint in India, adding flights and stations. Vistara is on it's own. It will be an Indian carrier. It will fly Indians out directly to various countries. Singapore Airlines will do what it will; we will be India's premier international carrier. A true blue Indian company.
As we start talking about the Indian market, players and so on, I attempt to throw him again and ask who his Rahul Bhatia will be? "My Rahul Bhatia!" he exclaims, convinced the reporter from Business Standard has taken leave of her senses.
I launch into an explanation of how in India one person manages the airline and another one the environment. Aditya Ghosh manages IndiGo; Rahul Bhatia the environment. Nikos Kardassis managed Jet; Naresh Goyal or Saroj Datta managed the minister, DGCA, ministry of civil aviation, Airports Authority and so on. I try to get across that in India it has evolved as two separate jobs. He'd have to be superhuman to do both.
"No two airlines are the same. As I see it, it is the CEO's job to manage the airline and liaison with government," he adds. He is already in the thick of things, liaising with the powers that be to get a scheduled operator's permit before the year end. "I am, of course, tapping the Tata ecosystem whenever need be."
The division of labour between the two partners seems quite clear. Singapore Airlines brings in the technical expertise (only of its 12 executives have come in) and all things local will be managed with the Tatas' help. Almost all the staff is local, cabin crew, pilots and security.
I move on to quality of life issues. "India feels like the amalgamation of a few countries into one. You don't have to go very far to be exposed to a different food, culture and people." He seems to have adapted well; he loves Indian food, eating it half the time. He likes cooking.
What kind of CEO cooks? Does he jog, cycle, run marathons - if nothing else does he at least play golf? I point out one of these is an absolute must.
He qualifies, he laughs, by playing golf as often as he can. He even plays tennis when his schedule permits it. As a student, Phee Teik played hockey and cricket and his love for sports is evident in that he seems to have all the discipline of a sportsman.
If Vistara is here for the long haul, its CEO seems to be here for even longer. India's aviation industry to my mind has a new force to contend with.

What do you do if your insurance policy lapsesPrint
For insurance policies to be in force, it is vital to make the regular premium payments well before the due date of the policy. Non-payment of regular premiums could result in a lapsed policy that would yield no stipulated policy benefit. So in case death was to occur at such times, your family or loved ones would not receive any compensation/death benefit. Thus it is very important to ensure your policy stays in force and your family receives the financial protection the policy entitles them to.
When Does an Insurance Policy Lapse
The single most important reason when a policy could lapse is non -payment of premiums before the due date. In most cases, insurance companies do send policy holders a reminder well in advance so that premiums could be paid at least before the end of the grace period.
Unit Linked Insurance Plans that have acquired a paid up value however do not lapse even if the regular premiums have not been paid. ULIPs which have completed 3 policy years acquire a paid up value and continues to stay in force as long as the fund value is sufficient to meet the policy expenses.
Your Policy’s Grace Period
All insurance policies offer a specific time period to make premium payments- known as the grace period. A grace period is the additional period of time given after the premium due date, to pay up premiums. Your policy continues to stay in force during the grace period and all benefits would be extended. So even though you may have missed your due date, if you are well within your grace period the policy does not lapse. If death were to occur during the grace period, the sum assured would be payable to your family. Insurance grace periods vary from 15 days to two months depending on insurer to insurer and policy to policy. Post this grace period, all benefits would cease to exist.
Steps to Revive a Lapsed Policy
A lapsed policy could be revived in up to 5 years from your last unpaid premium’s due date, and before the policy matures. Here's what is to be done. The penalty and procedure depends on the time since the policy has lapsed.
You would have to contact your insurer to complete the policy revival documentation.
All overdue premiums from the time of last paid premium are to be paid.
Additional penalties (along with accumulated interest) to the tune of 12 to 18% would be levied. Do remember the sooner the policy is revived, the lesser are the penal interest charges.
Medical tests may be called for if the policy is revived post 6 months from the last premium paid date.
 
Preventing a Policy Lapse
A policy lapse not only leaves you and your family without a life cover protection, but a revival also brings with it additional costs. It is wise to avoid such lapses and ensure the policy stays in force to meet unforeseen emergencies. Here is what you could do to ensure your policy does not lapse and you aren’t left high and dry.
Opt for bank mandates: If you are in a job that involves travelling or, are simply unable to keep track of premium due dates, opt for ECS payments. You could mandate your bank to make payments on your behalf by automatically debiting the amount from your account. You could alternatively opt for credit card auto-pay where the premiums would be charged to your credit card.
Reminders through mailers: Almost all insurance companies these days provide the option of sending payment reminders through emails, SMS or regular post. You could opt for these reminders. Do ensure your contact information is update with the company.
Financial crunch: If you are facing a temporary financial crunch, try evaluating your insurance need again. You could opt to review your sum assured. It is better to have some insurance than not be insured at all.
Making use of the grace period. Be aware of what the grace period of your life insurance policy is. If you have missed making your premium payment due to any personal commitment, do try making the payment before the grace period is over.
Written By: Deepak Yohannan
The author is the CEO of MyInsuranceClub.com, an online insurance price & features comparison portal
For more articles by Deepak Yohannan, please visit MyInsuranceClub.com
You may contact him directly on Twitter: @dyohannan
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Deodhar Trophy still important - RayuduTweet
0
Ambati Rayudu.The final of the Deodhar Trophy between East Zone and West Zone in Mumbai on Wednesday will be the last one-day game of the domestic season, before the national selectors meet to pick the list of 30 probables for the World Cup. The BCCI had pushed its one-day tournaments to the start of the domestic calendar with the World Cup in mind and it is the proximity of the tournament that has lent interest to the tournament, even as the Deodhar Trophy, like its inter-zonal first-class counterpart Duleep Trophy, struggles to stay relevant.
In the IPL era, there is a perception that many young Indian cricketers do not perhaps take traditional tournaments like the Duleep Trophy and the Deodhar Trophy too seriously, but Ambati Rayudu insists that is not the case. The batsman, who is the West Zone vice-captain for the Deodhar Trophy, said players were aware of the importance of the tournaments, even without a World Cup audition on the line.
"I think the players do think like that [these tournaments are important]. Whether they say it aloud or not, everyone knows the importance of playing for the zone," he said on the eve of the final at the Wankhede Stadium. "You don't have to tell. They are all motivated. And there are coaches, managers and senior cricketers do remind them if someone is getting carried away.
"We have to look back and see how many players have played for West Zone. How many great players have walked out of these dressing rooms… that itself should give you a great motivation to do well."
Players from both sides will be looking to make an impression on the selectors before the probables are announced on Thursday. For Rayudu, who is closer to cementing his place in the Indian side, the challenge is also to maintain his recent form. His century against Sri Lanka last month in Ahmedabad has helped him in his goal of sealing a World Cup spot, and he has struck two fifties after that - one against Sri Lanka, and the other in the semi-final against South Zone on Monday. Rayudu, however, isn't looking too far ahead.
"Everything is different to be honest. As of now I shall be focussed on Ranji Trophy, which is important on its own, and not think about Australia for the moment," he said. "I am sure if I am picked for the one-day series [tri-series in Australia] it will give me enough time to prepare for the competition."
Rayudu insists his present focus was on the final where the West Zone side will be up against East Zone who made it to the final on the back of Manoj Tiwary 's 151. Rayudu was hopeful West Zone could draw on the confidence of their semi-final win, in which they gunned down a target of 315 against South Zone. Rayudu chipped in with a fifty before Suryakumar Yadav and Akshar Patel snatched victory for the side from a tough position.
"It was brilliant batting from Surya and Akshar. And Shardul [Thakur, who made an unbeaten 31 at No 10], too," he said. "Winning games like this always boosts a team and the rest of us will like to contribute tomorrow."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Delhi wants France  Russia to source nuclear parts in IndiaThe government is working on plans to get Russian and French nuclear component suppliers to enter into sourcing arrangements with Indian firms instead of importing reactor parts, a move aimed at boosting the Make in India initiative and reducing costs.
A file photo of the Kudankulam nuclear plant in Tamil Nadu. (Petr Pavlicek/IAEA)
It is understood that the India-Russia vision document on energy cooperation to be released during President Vladimir Putin's visit later this month will reflect Moscow's willingness to be part of Make in India in the nuclear sector. India feels that getting the Russians to source locally will give a major leg-up to domestic companies.
On the cost front, sources familiar with the developments said that the immediate reason local sourcing was being suggested was the high price of power quoted by French supplier Areva, which is helping set up six 1,650-MW reactors at nuclear power parks at Jaitapur in Maharashtra.
"It looks like the cost of power could be between Rs. 9.50 and Rs. 11 per unit," said one of the sources. The Department of Atomic Energy's benchmark price per unit in 2020-21, when the reactors are due to go critical, is Rs. 6.50.
It is understood that the French have tried to justify the high prices by citing the cost of imported parts like reactor domes, being brought from Japan.
"A reactor has a lot of civil work associated to it. When you look at reducing cost without compromising on quality, Indian companies can come handy," said the source, adding that the move would give a fillip to the Indian manufacturing sector as a whole.
India is keen on attracting investment into the sector and quenching its thirst for electricity. It aims to increase nuclear power generation to 63,000 MW from 4,780 MW at a cost of $85 billion.
HT reported on Sunday that the Modi government is working on measures to reassure component suppliers frightened by the country's laws, which hold them liable for accidents and put them at risk of financial ruin.
Indian firms Larsen & Toubro (L&T), Walchandnagar Industries and Godrej and Boyce have a potentially active role in the nuclear sector. But like foreign players, they have been worried by the nuclear liability law.

Complete probe on black money account holders by March: SCComments
The Supreme Court on Wednesday ordered the Income-Tax department to complete its ongoing probe against 627 Indians — suspected to have invested black money in HSBC bank, Geneva — by March next year.
A special bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu said if the probe remains inconclusive then the Centre must decide to extend the deadline of March 31, 2015.
Under the Income-Tax Act the department is bound to complete the probe by then or else the complaint becomes time-barred.
The bench further asked the Special Investigation Team (SIT) to consider the plea of senior advocate and case petitioner Ram Jethmalani to furnish him certain information and correspondences without “blackening” the contents.
Jethmalani told the bench that UPA government’s solicitor general Mohan Parasaran had supplied him some letters and documents with masked portions. Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said the government had no objections to Jethmalani getting the copies. “We are aware of it and there would not be any problem as now the prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated upto 16 years of commission of the offence,” he said.
The bench, which posted the next hearing for January 20, said for all his grievances, Jethmalani can approach the SIT that shall consider his plea.

England beats Sri Lanka by 5 wickets in 3rdODIBy: Associated Press | Hambantota |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:35 am
Jos Buttler and Joe Root shared an unbeaten 84-run stand to rescue England from a mid-innings collapse and lead the tourists to a five-wicket victory against Sri Lanka under the Duckworth/Lewis method in their third one-day international on Wednesday.
Batting first, Sri Lanka made 242 for eight in 35 overs of a rain-hit match.
Buttler smashed 55 off 37 deliveries and Root scored a run-a-ball 48 to help England to its Duckworth/Lewis target of 236 runs for five wickets in 33.4 overs.
The win has helped England narrow the series gap to 2-1 with four more matches to be played.  England captain Alastair Cook was pleased with the win but said it could have been achieved easier.
“Great to get over the line, (we) probably made it a little harder for ourselves,” he said. “Got a great start with Moeen and were cruising, but it was a great effort by Jos and Root to get us over the line.”
“Overall we had a pretty bad game on the field,” Sri Lanka captain Angelo Mathews said. “We don’t need to panic… we’ve got to bounce back hard.”
Butler and Root came together after the tourists appeared to have squandered the advantage of a good start, losing three wickets for eight runs to leave themselves struggling on 152 for five.
Ali (58) and Cook (34) shared 84 runs for the opening wicket and scored at more than seven runs per over before Sri Lanka’s fast bowler Dhammika Prasad provided his team the first breakthrough.
Cook pushed at a delivery and was caught behind by Kumar Sangakkara.  Ali was involved in a mix-up with Alex Hales while trying to take a single and was run out.  Lahiru Thirimanne dropped a simple catch from Hales at 21 but the batsman was out two balls later, caught by Ajantha Mendis at mid-on off Mathews.
Sangakkara well anticipated a paddle sweep from Ravi Bopara and caught him moving down the leg side off left-arm spinner Rangana Herath.  Buttler hit nine boundaries in his innings while Root hit two sixes and two fours.
Earlier Sri Lanka’s Sangakkara and Thirimanne scored half centuries to help Sri Lanka post a formidable 242-8 in 35 overs.
Electing to bat first, Sri Lanka lost Kusal Perera for a duck in the second over, just before rain interrupted the match, which was shortened to 35 overs per side.
Sangakkara made 63 off 62 deliveries after Sri Lanka was reduced to 31-3, reaching 13,000 runs in one-day international cricket in the process.
Thirimanne upped the run rate in the death overs with 62 off 47 deliveries, as 62 runs were plundered off last five overs.  Seamer Chris Woakes was the pick of the bowlers with 3-41.
The fourth of the seven-match series will be played in Colombo on Sunday.

East Zone defeat West by 24 runs to regain DeodhartitleBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:27 am
East Zone put up a sterling allround display to defeat holders West Zone by 24 runs in a keenly contested day/night final of the Deodhar Trophy, regaining the limited-over inter zonal title after a gap of ten seasons.
East rode on crucial half century knocks from one-down Virat Singh (54), captain and in-form Manoj Tiwary (75) and Biplab Samantray (60) to recover from a sorry-reading five for two and post a challenging score of 269 for eight.
Set an asking rate of 5.4, West, bidding for their 13th crown and fourth on the trot, also rallied from a poor startc after being anchored by a well-measured innings of 97 off 91 balls by diminutive Maharashtra batsman Kedar Jadhav.
However, they fell short of the target to be all out for 245 in 47.2 overs in the face of some very tight bowling by East, led superbly by Bengal pacer Ashok Dinda who gave them a flying start by capturing three wickets in his first six-over spell and then came back at the death to take the wicket of Suryakumar Yadav (35) and end West’s hopes.
They kept the free-scoring lower-order batsmen of West in control in the batting power play as well as the last ten overs to help East triumph for the fifth time in the tournament’s history, the last time being in 2003-04.
Dinda ended up with superb figures of 4 for 33 while left-arm spinner Shahbaz Nadeem captured 2 for 42 and medium pacer Samantray secured 2 for 52. Other bowlers also did a good job in helping defend the score on a flat track.
Axar Patel and Shardul Thakur briefly threatened to take away the game but East bowlers and fielders kept their wits and sent both back in time to stop West’s march.
Earlier, electing to bat, East built their total around Tiwary’s 92-ball 75, Singh’s 54 in 84 balls and Samantray’s blistering 60 off 50 balls.
After the fall of two early wickets by the fourth over, East were revived by a century partnership for the third wicket between skipper and man-in-form Tiwary and one-down batsman Singh.
Later, Samantray struck a few lusty blows in making a hard-hitting half ton, inclusive of one six and seven fours to take the score past 250.
Opting to bat first, East commenced in poor fashion by losing openers Shreevats Goswami and Ishank Jaggi with only five on board. Both fell to poor shots chasing wide balls, edging to the wicketkeeper.

Study: Killing Wolves Means More Livestock AttacksIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

DIPP prescribes a dose of caution on compulsory licences'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
In a new twist to the fuss over India’s alleged plan to grant a clutch of patent-disabling compulsory licences (CL) to generic drug firms to bring down the cost of some much-in-demand new drugs to patients, the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) has told the health ministry that this facility can be invoked only in cases where such licensing will doubtless stand judicial scrutiny.
The US has vehemently opposed India’s CL initiatives, saying the rewards for innovators need to be safeguarded and the affordability question has primarily to be addressed outside the domain of patents.
The DIPP’s move to add stringency to the grounds for invoking CLs by the government could scupper the health ministry’s immediate plan to grant these licences to generic companies that wish to make and sell US-based multinational Bristol-Myers Squibb’s celebrated chronic myeloid leukaemia drug dasatinib (branded Sprycel). The health ministry also wants to pursue the “government route” under Section 92 of the Patents Act to grant CLs for some other turnover-spinning drugs of patent holders, including Swiss drugmaker Roche’s blockbuster for breast cancer trastuzumab (Herceptin).
The patented version of dasatinib costs a whopping R1.57 lakh for a month’s dosage (60 tablets each of 20 mg), but local companies are hoping to offer generic version of the drug at just R8,100 for a month’s dosage.
Official sources said the DIPP has sought clarifications from the health ministry on how the aforementioned drug is a right candidate for issuance of CLs to generic companies under government initiative. “If the CLs get revoked by a court of law finally, it will amount to a loss of face for the government. Such an embarrassment is best avoided,” said a source aware of the DIPP’s views that were conveyed to the health ministry recently.
Compulsory licences are compatible with the multilateral Trade-related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS) agreement, to which India is a signatory.
Although CL can be issued under more than one provision in the Patents Act, there is little demand from generic firms for using the “private commercial use” route under Section 84 because of the huge risk of litigation and associated costs involved. Under Section 84, the patents controller can directly grant CLs on a plea from a generic company after notifying the patent holder and being satisfied that specified conditions are met.
However, under Section 92, which allows the government route for CL, the controller can issue the licence only based on a central government notification citing circumstances of “national emergency or circumstances of extreme urgency or in case of public non-commercial use”. It is this route that the health ministry and leading generic companies are keen on using, and the DIPP has now developed cold feet on.
“The DIPP is a quasi-judicial body and, therefore, before a decision on the CL notification is taken, we are going to ensure that all aspects and material facts are carefully looked into even if it leads to a delay in issuing the CL notification. We (the government) will not issue a CL notification which can be questioned and we should not fail even if someone decides to take such issues to a court of law later,” the source said.
The DIPP has asked the health ministry for details including the number of people afflicted by chronic myeloid leukaemia, how the CL for the drug could fall under the category of ‘public non-commercial use’, and how it intends to ensure that the generic version of the drug can help save lives. It sought to know whether there are already generic versions of the drug in the market and also an explanation on why the health ministry wants to invoke the emergency/urgency clause. It also pointed out that since many Indian pharma companies have already been acquired by foreign MNCs or have tie-ups with them, it will be difficult to convince them to apply for a CL.
Industry sources, however, told FE that Section 92 CLs would be in great demand as the business potential is huge in not only the Indian market but also in foreign countries with insufficient manufacturing bases. Once the CL is issued by the government under this route, it could take a few months for the generic companies to develop the technology to make these drugs.
So far, India has allowed CL for only one patented drug. In 2012, Hyderabad-based Natco Pharma was permitted to make and sell a generic (low-cost) version of kidney and liver cancer drug sorafenib (branded Nexavar) patented by German major Bayer under Section 84.
“As regards private commercial use (Section 84), the experience of Natco is a deterrent. Bayer through a series of litigations initiated against Natco has succeeded in pre-empting others from considering this as a viable option. Moreover, CL for India alone may not be commercially viable. Natco was expecting that a few other countries will use TRIPS provision to allow imports from India. This has not happened,” said DG Shah, secretary general, Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance, a body that includes top-notch homegrown drug MNCs.
TAGS: India Patent Rules
More from companies
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Govt to sell 5% stake in SAIL on December 5Government to sell 5% stake in steelmaker SAIL on December 5
ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 02.02AM IST
Tags:
Disinvestment
(The stake sale will help…)
NEW DELHI: The government's disinvestment plan will kick off on Friday with a 5% stake sale in Steel Authority of India (SAIL) as it looks to raise a record amount from asset disposals with barely four months to go in the current fiscal year. The government may raise around Rs 1,700 crore through the sale, going by the stock price.
The company informed stock exchanges about the proposed stake sale to be held through the offer for sale (OFS) route on December 5 and said the government will decide on the floor price for the issue on Thursday.
In July 2012, the UPA Cabinet had approved a 10.82% stake sale in the staterun steel maker. The first tranche of disinvestment was completed in March The company's stock closed at Rs 85.65 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) on Wednesday, down 4.67%.
The government currently holds an 80% stake in the steel giant.
The stake sale will help the company meet the listing norms of Securities & Exchange Board of India (Sebi), which require the government's stake to be lowered to 75%.
The sale of a 5% stake, or about 20.65 crore shares, of SAIL at current market price may fetch the government around Rs 1,700 crore.
The government has lined up stake sales in NHPC and Coal India besides ONGC in this fiscal year.
The government will divest a 10% stake in Coal India, in which it holds 89.65%. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in his July budget, had proposed a record asset-sale target of Rs 58,425 crore. Of this,Rs 43,425 crore is expected to come from stake sales in governmentcontrolled companies and Rs 15,000 crore from those in which the government has a minority stake.
Last fiscal, the government could mobilise only Rs 15,820 crore through disinvestment against a budgeted target of Rs 40,000 crore. In 2012-13, of the Rs 30,000-crore target, onlyRs 23,957 crore was raised.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cox and Kings signs pact with Fonciere des RegionsCox and Kings signs pact with Fonciere des Regions
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 04, 2014 08:14 IST
MEININGER will operate these hotels under its brand in a lease structure. MEININGER will also provide other services appropriate to its brand.
 
 
Cox & Kings owned MEININGER Holding GmbH ("MEININGER") and Fonci?re des R?gions, through its subsidiary Fonci?re des Murs, announced today that they have formed a commercial partnership in respect of the sourcing by MEININGER and acquisition by Fonci?re des R?gions of hotel property investment opportunities primarily in European gateway cities, to be leased to and managed by MEININGER under the "MEININGER" brand.
Primary cities targeted include Amsterdam, Barcelona, Brussels, Berlin, Geneva, Hamburg, Frankfurt, London, Madrid, Milan, Munich, Paris, Rome, Vienna and Zurich. In addition other cities in both Western and Eastern Europe where the MEININGER brand is likely to be popular are also planned for expansion.
MEININGER will operate these hotels under its brand in a lease structure. MEININGER will also provide other services appropriate to its brand. Over the next 4 years, this strategic agreement could translate into up to 400 millionEUR total hotel investments, subject to approval by both parties on an hotel by hotel basis, through triple net long-term leases.
Fonci?re des R?gions, European leader of the Hotel real estate market, already has successful relationships with leading operators in this sector., including with Accor, B&B H?tels, NH Hotels and Louvre Hotels Group. Fonci?re des R?gions' strategy is to strengthen its presence in the hotel sector throughout Europe and expects the partnership with MEININGER to accelerate its European footprint while creating a long- term relationship with an operator with a proven track record and meaningful development potential.
As Navneet Bali, CEO at MEININGER Hotels, explains, "MEININGER is a unique hybrid hotel product. The partnership with Fonci?re des R?gions is an important step for our expansion in Europe. MEININGER's aim is to operate an "urban traveller's home" in every major European city. The collaboration with Fonci?re des R?gions is an exciting step in this direction." 
Dominique Ozanne, CEO Hotels & Service-sector for Fonci?re des R?gions adds the following: "the European leader in hotel property, Fonci?re des R?gions today begins a new partnership with an innovative operator, marked by ambitious growth prospects. With an unprecedented concept in Europe, intended for a large customer base including backpackers and business tourists alike, Meininger is one of the most dynamic brands in the industry and a partner of choice to strengthen our development in Europe."

Sadbhav Infra Projects files draft prospectus with SEBISadbhav Infra Projects files draft prospectus with SEBI
Sadbhav Infra Projects files draft prospectus with SEBI
The Issue consists of a fresh issue of equity shares of Rs. 10 each (the "Equity Shares") aggregating up to Rs. 6,000 million and an offer for sale of up to 16,178,811 Equity Shares by Xander Investment Holding XVII Limited and up to 16,178,811 Equity Shares by Norwest Venture Partners VII-A-Mauritius.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/sadbhav-infra-projects-files-draft-prospectus-with-sebi-114120400004_1.html
December 04, 2014 08:25 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Sadbhav Infra Projects, Sadbhav Engineering
Top Story
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 02:55 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Sahara group likely to sell Rs 1 200 cr land to realty co M3MIndiaBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:11 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 4:18 pm
Looking to raise funds to ensure release of its chief Subrata Roy from jail, Sahara has sold a big land parcel at the outskirts of the national capital for Rs 1,211 crore to Gurgaon-based developer M3M India Ltd.
The 185-acre land in Gurgaon, with 12 million square feet built-up area, would be used for ‘mix-use development’ and has sales revenue potential of Rs 12,000 crore, M3M India Ltd said today while announcing the deal.
M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal also asserted that it was not a ‘distress sale’ by Sahara and the deal has been inked on the basis of market price.
He further said that the entire amount will be paid in instalments over a period of six months, while post-dated cheques have been given to Sahara group for purchase of this land at Chauma village in Gurgaon.
The deal comes within days of Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrato Roy.
Besides this Chauma land, the court has also allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4, 2014 order.
The apex court bench was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai, following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI’s counsel.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crore which has gone into the account of SEBI.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which had earlier raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with SEBI, told the court that out of nine domestic assets, it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crore which has also gone into the account of the market regulator.
Announcing the big-ticket land deal, M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal said: “We have acquired 185 acres of land in Delhi-NCR from Sahara group for Rs 1,211 crore.”
He said the land deal with Sahara group was clinched two months ago but the agreement was subject to approval of the Supreme Court.
On land price, Bansal said: “It was not continued…

Obama Admin to focus on India-US trade ties over the next 2yearsBy: Press Trust of India | Washington |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:03 am
Over the next two years, the Obama Administration would focus significantly on India-US economic and financial partnership and support the reform effort of the Indian government, a US official has said.
Describing this as “a win-win” proposition, the official said, the partnership would also encourage greater opening of India’s economy to US firms and improving the climate for US investment in the country.
“Over the next two years, we plan to focus significant attention on the US-India Economic and Financial Partnership – the US Treasury’s main vehicle to engage on economic issues with India.
“Through this Partnership, we will support India in its growth and reform efforts and encourage the greater opening of India’s economy to US firms,” Treasury Undersecretary Nathan Sheets said.
“This is, again, a “win-win” proposition,” Sheets said.
“We can create new growth and employment opportunities in the United States by further opening this growing market for US exports, improving the climate for US investment in India, and levelling the playing field for US companies,” he said.
“For India, faster growth, deeper financial markets, and greater openness to trade and foreign investment promise to raise incomes, reduce poverty, and bring many more Indians into the global middle class,” he added.
The top Treasury official said the US has an important window of opportunity to deepen its economic engagement with India.
“India and its people share with the United States an entrepreneurial spirit, a commitment to a vibrant private sector, and a record of economic growth built largely on domestic demand,” Sheets said.
He said one of the top priority of the Obama Administration is engagement with the world economy’s emerging giants, notably China and India in Asia, as well as Mexico and Brazil in Latin America.
“We are committed over the next two years to finding ways to continue to strengthen our bilateral relationship with China – such as by advancing negotiations on a high-standard bilateral investment treaty – and to work together in multilateral settings,” he said.

38 Indian fishermen on fast unto death in Sri Lanka jailDec 04, 2014 at 08:34am IST
38 Indian fishermen on fast unto death in Sri Lanka jail
19
0
Colombo: At least 38 Indian fishermen lodged in Sri Lanka's Jaffna prison for alleged poaching are on a fast unto death demanding their early release.
The Indian consulate office in Jaffna has alerted the Indian High Commission officials here after the Indian prisoners began their protest in the jail, prison officials said on Thursday.
The fishermen were arrested for poaching in Sri Lankan waters.
The fishermen were arrested for poaching in Sri Lankan waters.
In November, Sri Lanka released five Indian fishermen, who had been sentenced to death on drug trafficking charges, after a presidential pardon from Mahinda Rajapaksa.
3
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

21-yr-old girl raped for a month by acquaintance in South Delhi20
1
New Delhi: A 21-year-old girl from Kerala was allegedly kept captive and repeatedly raped by her male acquaintance at a residence in south Delhi's Vasant Kunj area since November.
The incident came to light on Wednesday when the girl managed to contact her mother back in Kerala as the accused has gone to his native place Bhopal. Her mother then alerted police through her Delhi-based relatives.
When a police team reached the spot on Wednesday evening, they found the flat locked from outside. The girl was then rescued after the locks were broken, police said.
When a police team reached the spot on Wednesday evening, they found the flat locked from outside.
#delhi #south delhi #rape #crime against women
The accused, who hails from Bhopal was pursuing his MBA in Delhi and had brought the girl from Kerala to Delhi after luring her of getting her a good job.
"Once the girl reached Delhi, he allegedly raped her and captured the act on his mobile phone and blackmailed her into keeping quiet. He also restricted the girl from going anywhere," said a police official.
Police has registered a case and a team has been sent to arrest the accused from Bhopal.
4

Gujarat: 6-month-old raped by an acquaintance  remains critical99
0
Ahmedabad: In a gruesome act, a six-month-old girl was allegedly raped by a man, acquainted to the victim's family in Gujarat's Patan district. The six-month-old is critical and is being treated at Dharpur civil hospital in Chanasma.
The accused reportedly raped the girl in her house when her parents were away. "The man raped the six-month-old at her residence in Itoda village in Chanasma tehsil of the district. The accused, identified as Bhavanji Thakor (32), was known to the victim's family," Police Sub Inspector (PSI) of Chansama police station DD Chaudhari said.
The family had handed over their younger daughter to the accused to take care of her. However, when the family returned home, the accused left the place in hurry and the toddler was found bitterly crying, he said.
#rape #sexual assaut #crime against children #child molestation
When the mother checked her daughter, she found her daughter bleeding and doubted that she was raped by Thakor, Chaudhari said adding that the victim's family immediately went to Thakor's place where the accused also threatened them with dire consequences if they would ever reveal about the rape, Chaudhari said.
The police arrested him within 24 hours and a probe is currently underway. An FIR has been lodged in the case on complaint of the victim's family and the accused has been charged under Indian Penal Code (IPC) section 376 (rape) along with section 3(a)(forcible penetration to a child) and section 4, which attracts punishment of not less than seven years.
(With PTI inputs)

Sensex surges 350 points on heavy capital inflowsSensex jumps 120 points on FII inflows; FMCG stocks hog the limelight
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
The BSE benchmark Sensex ended the session higher by 120.11 points or 0.42 per cent at 28,562.82 and the NSE index Nifty closed up by 26.75 points or 0.31 per cent at 8,564.40.
Domestic sentiment was buoyed on heavy capital inflows owing to positive global cues.
Sectoral indices
Among BSE sectoral indices, FMCG index was the star-performer and was up 3.00 per cent, followed by banking 0.76 per cent, capital goods 0.4 per cent and metal 0.29 per cent.
On the other hand, India infrastructure, TECk, consumer durables and and IT sector stocks succumbed to selling pressure and were down 0.89 per cent, 0.62 per cent, 0.53 per cent and 0.48 per cent, respectively.
BSE gainers, losers
ITC (5.44%), SSLT (2.8%), Cipla (2.61%), ICICI Bank (0.9%) and HUL (0.84%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were Bharti Airtel (2.08%), Hindalco (1.63%), BHEL (1.56%), M&M (1.51%) and Tata Power (1.44%).
Opening trade
The 30-share index, which had retreated from record-high by falling 251.28 points in the past three sessions, recovered by 278.41 points, or 0.98 per cent, to 28,721.12 with all the sectoral indices, led by FMCG, realty, oil & gas and banking, trading in positive zone with gains up to 2.26 per cent.
Also, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty gathered 89.30 points, or 1.04 per cent, to 8,626.95, breaching its previous peak of 8,623 touched on December 1.
Brokers comment
A report by SMC Investments and Advisors said: “Asian stocks rose, as Japanese shares extended gains with the dollar near its strongest level since 2007 versus the yen. US stocks rallied into the close, with the Dow and S&P 500 ending the day at records amid encouraging economic reports on Wednesday. Growth in US service sector activity accelerated by much more than anticipated in the month of November, the Institute for Supply Management revealed in a report, with the index of activity in the sector rebounding after falling in the two previous months. The ISM said its non-manufacturing index jumped to 59.3 in November from 57.1 in October, with a reading above 50 indicating growth in the service sector. Economists had expected the index to show a more modest uptick to a reading of 57.5.”
Equity brokers said that the domestic sentiment bolstered on expectations that a Health Ministry proposal to ban the sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations against taking drastic regulatory steps.
Global markets
Bets that the European Central Bank chief, Mario Draghi, will open the door wider to US-style money printing pinned the euro at a two-year low and lifted world shares on Thursday , as China and Japan also geared up for more stimulus.
Asian stocks rose on Thursday amid fresh signs of resilience in the US economy, while the euro wallowed near two-year lows before a much-anticipated European Central Bank meeting that could open the door to more stimulus.
Tokyo’s Nikkei climbed 0.7 per cent, touching a new seven-year high, with sentiment buoyed by media projections suggesting a strong win for Japanese premier Shinzo Abe’s coalition at the December 14 election. A victory for Abe could lead to a new mandate for his “Abenomics’’ policies to revive the economy.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.4 per cent, while Australian shares were up 0.5 per cent.
The improved mood was helped by the Dow and S&P rising to record highs overnight after private payrolls and services sector data underscored the US economy’s resilience.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

#Express5: The politics with remains of CRPF dead; more on industrial hazards and mishaps inIndiaBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:03 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 9:31 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day
1. CRPF personnel killed in ambush
Politics took over mourning in Chhattisgarh a day after Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh placed wreaths on the coffins of 14 CRPF personnel killed in a Maoist ambush in Sukma.
At Raipur morgue, how they play politics with remains of CRPF dead , special report by Ashutosh Bhardwaj
2. No lessons learnt
SAIL described it as a “freak accident”, the first such event in 50 years. But hardly any lessons seem to have been learnt by India’s flagship firms.
‘Freak accident’, gas leak, nearly 100 dead in 2 yrs — but no lessons learnt , reports Anil Sasi
3. UPA to CBSE
While the NDA government is facing criticism for its decision to replace German with Sanskrit in Kendriya Vidyalayas, it now turns out that the previous UPA government’s HRD Ministry, had also sought to “introduce Sanskrit as a compulsory subject up to Class X” in all secondary school.
In 2013, UPA to CBSE: Make Sanskrit a must , by Ruhi Tewari
4. OPINION
The Rohtak Sisters have appeared in not just one but two videos that celebrate their courage. In both videos, the two sisters are seen teaching a lesson to young men who harass them. While a whodunit of questions surround the videos — primary being who shot them.
TV’s bravehearts, writes Shailaja Bajpai
5. CRICKET
Out of those 15 players who were part of the Cup-winning campaign only Dhoni, Kohli, Raina and Ashwin remain as permanent fixtures in the Indian ODI team.

Softbank pumps $250 mn in Uber rival GrabTaxiYou are here: Home > Collections > Softbank
Japan's Softbank pumps $250 million in Uber rival GrabTaxi
AFP Dec 4, 2014, 09.24AM IST
Tags:
EasyTaxi
(The fresh investment comes…)
SINGAPORE: Japanese telecom giant SoftBank will invest USD 250 million in Southeast Asian mobile taxi booking app GrabTaxi, the two firms said today, as rivalry in the region between US-based Uber and homegrown rivals increases.
In a statement, the pair said the deal will make Softbank the biggest investor in the Malaysia-based startup.
"This new round of funding will help drive our mission of revolutionising and improving the way Southeast Asians commute more aggressively than ever before," Anthony Tan, GrabTaxi's chief executive and founder, said in the statement.
GrabTaxi, which is also backed by Singapore state investment firm Temasek Holdings , operates in 17 cities across Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia and the Philippines.
Its app employs smartphone and satellite technology to match customers with registered taxis close to their location.
According to GrabTaxi, the service has the largest network of its kind in Southeast Asia, with more than 500,000 active users and 2.5 million app downloads to date. It currently has a total of 60,000 taxi drivers in its network, up fourfold from 2013, the firm said.
With the SoftBank investment, GrabTaxi has raised USD 340 million in the past 14 months, it added. The company was founded in 2012 by Tan, the scion of one of Malaysia's richest families.
The fresh investment comes as Uber attempts to gain a foothold in the region despite multiple regulatory tangles and already fierce competition.
Within Southeast Asia, Uber operates in the same six markets as GrabTaxi, after entering Singapore last year. It does not release operational statistics.
Malaysian and Indonesian authorities have said Uber services that utilise private vehicles are illegal, while Thai authorities last week indicated that they are also banning the service.
Other major taxi apps in Southeast Asia include Indonesia's Blue Bird, regional player EasyTaxi , backed by German startup incubator Rocket Internet, as well as London-based Hailo which operates in Singapore.
The apps are seen as revolutionising the taxi industry, which has long been plagued by inefficient cartels and price-gouging drivers.
Nikesh Arora, vice chairman of SoftBank, said it would support "GrabTaxi's further expansion in the region".
SoftBank in October announced a USD 627 million investment in Indian online marketplace Snapdeal . It also said in October it was jointly investing USD 210 million in ANI Technologies, better known as the taxi booking app Ola Cabs .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex rallies over 300 points; Nifty hits fresh highsYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex rallies over 300 points; Nifty reclaims 8600, hits fresh highs
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 09.25AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied as much as 366 points in trade on Thursday, led by gains in ITC, ICICI Bank, TCS, Tata Motors and Infosys .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also managed to rally 89 points to hit fresh record high of 8626.95 in trade, supported by gains in FMCG , banks, consumer durable and auto stocks.
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 28703.62, up 279 points or 0.98 per cent. It touched a high of 28808.78 and a low of 28587.75 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8590 up 52 points or 0.61 per cent. It touched a record high of 8626.95 and a low of 8582.30 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.60 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.63 per cent.
ITC (up 4.6 per cent), Cipla (up 2.8 per cent), ICICI Bank (up 1.5 per cent), Hindalco (up 0.95 per cent) and ONGC (up 0.86 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Coal India (down 0.53 per cent), Sun Pharma (down 0.51 per cent), M&M (down 0.36 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (down 0.3 per cent) and Wipro (down 0.3 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sheila Dikshit skips crucial party meetNew Delhi, December 4, 2014
Updated: December 4, 2014 09:52 IST
Sheila Dikshit skips crucial party meet
JATIN ANAND
Tweet
Former Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit
In a development that has etched a question mark on the internal cohesion of the Delhi Congress even as the Assembly elections inch closer, three-time former Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit was conspicuously missing from important party deliberations at its State headquarters on Wednesday.
Neither Ms. Dikshit nor her son and former East Delhi MP Sandeep Dikshit attended a session held to seek inputs from local party representatives and discuss the formulation of the party’s manifesto for the upcoming Delhi polls.
This, after several former Congress legislators and senior party leaders have approached the Central leadership requesting a larger and clearer role for Ms. Dikshit as the face of the party’s campaign over the last three weeks.
“Ms. Dikshit was always and will remain a significant personality for the party; she was invited for the session, but could not make it due to unforeseeable circumstances,” Mukesh Sharma, the party’s chief spokesperson, told The Hindu when asked for a comment on Ms. Dikshit’s absence.
Apart from Ms. Dikshit, former MP Kapil Sibal, who is understood to have been away to appear for counsel in an important case at a city court, as well as legislators such as Mateen Ahmed and Hasan Ahmed were among the other absentees.
Among those who attended the three-hour session were All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary Ajay Maken and former Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee (DPCC) presidents Jai Prakash Agarwal and Subhash Chopra in addition to Sajjan Kumar and Jagdish Tytler.
Despite the absence of crucial leaders, however, DPCC president Arvinder Singh Lovely attempted to project a united image for the grand old party saying that the Congress party was very strong, solid, and united in Delhi.
So much so that it ‘would not only put up a better show in the Assembly elections, but also stage a forceful return’.
Party insiders said they had ‘more or less decided to formulate a picture-heavy manifesto outlining the infrastructural development initiated and completed during subsequent Congress terms’ at the helm of the Delhi government for the elections.
Mr. Kumar said the Congress manifesto would offer many relief measures to the residents of resettlement colonies, JJ clusters, unauthorised colonies, villages and slum clusters, as had been done during the time of Indira Gandhi.
“Ms. Gandhi had given 25-gaj plots to lakhs of people in Delhi. And on the basis of that, all those living in the JJ clusters should be given plots. The manifesto will also make it clear that instead of being removed from the streets, roadside vendors will be given permanent shops if a Congress government comes to power,” Mr. Kumar added.

Sensex Hits Record High Above 28 800; ITC SoarsYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Hits Record High Above 28,800; ITC Soars
NDTV | Updated On: December 04, 2014 09:36 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Indian stock markets hit record highs on Thursday with the Sensex rising over 350 points and the Nifty gaining over 85 points in early trade. Markets rose sharply after three days of consolidation resulting in the Sensex giving up over 250 points.
The Sensex made a new high of 28,822, while the Nifty hit an all-time high of 8,626.95 in opening trade, but the momentum weakened soon after.
Thursday's gains were led by ITC, India's biggest cigarette maker, which jumped over 5 per cent to top the 50-share Nifty benchmark. ITC has the highest weightage in the Nifty, so sharp swings in the stock tend to impact the blue chip index too.
Other tobacco companies such as Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries also saw strong buying interest on reports that the government may not ban the sale of loose cigarettes, which account for 65 to 70 per cent of total cigarette sales in India.
Last month, all these stocks had sold off after the government said it has accepted the recommendations of an expert panel that wanted harsh tobacco rules.
Private lender ICICI Bank was the other big gainer today, rising over 1.5 per cent on 1:5 stock split. Realty stocks also gained after the government on Wednesday eased foreign direct investment rules for the construction sector. The move will help attract more money into the country to build new hotels, housing and townships, analysts say.
Noticeable losers include Steel Authority of India, the state-run firm in which the government will divest a 5 per cent stake through Offer for Sale(OFS) route on Friday. The floor price for the issue will be declared post market hours today. Post this stake sale government's holding in the company will come down to 75 per cent. The stock fell more than 3 per cent in morning trade.
As of 09.30 a.m., the Sensex traded 176 points higher at 28,619, while the Nifty was up at 8,572, rising 35 points.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 09:35 (IST)

Buy ICICI Bank  says Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy ICICI Bank, says Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the view that one may buy ICICI Bank.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, "Buy ICICI Bank , it made life-time high yesterday. It broke out of a narrow congestion route which was one of the reasons why the Bank Nifty did so well. We have seen how  State Bank of India split and after that the prices have gone up because psychologically the numbers become easier to manage and the sector itself is upbeat. You cannot split if the company or the sector is not good enough."
At 09:25 hrs ICICI Bank was quoting at Rs 364, up Rs 5.38, or 1.50 percent. It has touched a 52-week low of Rs 363.30 on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Market to open on positive note: VenturaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Market to open on positive note: Ventura
According to Ventura Securities, today we expect the markets to open on a positive note following positive global cues.
Post your opinion here
 
Ventura Securities' market report:
Sensex, on Wednesday, closed flat at 28,443 as investors booked profits in index heavyweights and turned their focus to mid-caps and small caps. BSE Mid cap and Small cap index are at record highs after rallying 1.39% and 1.64% respectively. Among sectors, Auto, Realty, Power and Oil & Gas ended on a strong note. Among stocks, ONGC, BHEL, NTPC &M&M rallied the most. Market breadth was positive with 1,929 advances against 1,082 declines.
Nifty gained 13 points and closed at 8,537. Today we expect the markets to open on a positive note following positive global cues.
US markets ended the day on positive note. Dow Jones and Nasdaq were both up 0.19% and 0.38%, respectively following a rebound in oil and gold prices which lead to rally in energy, materials and industrial sectors. US markets, today, will see data releases on Unemployment Claims, Challenger Job Cuts y/y, Natural Gas Storage and statement from FOMC members.
Asian markets are trading on a positive note with Nikkei and Hang Seng both up by 0.71% and 0.79%, respectively led by rally in financial services stocks. SGX Nifty is trading 8 points up at 8,585. Indian ADRs ended the day on a positive note. Among financial ADRs, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank gained 3.2% and 0.41% respectively. Among IT ADRs, Wipro and Infosys gained 1.31% and 0.91% respectively. Tata Motors gained 2.44%.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

USD-INR seen between 61.70-62/USD range: Mohan ShenoiLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
USD-INR seen between 61.70-62/USD range: Mohan Shenoi
RBI appears to be active on both sides of the USD-INR market thereby keeping the currency subdued and rangebound, says Mohan Shenoi, Kotak Mahindra Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
Mohan Shenoi, Kotak Mahindra Bank said, "Dollar is continuing its rally against major global currencies. RBI appears to be active on both sides of the USD-INR market thereby keeping the currency subdued and rangebound. USD-INR is expected to trade today in a range of Rs 61.70-62/USD."
RELATED NEWS

Services Sector Activity AcceleratingServices Sector Activity Accelerating
Cabinet Approves 14 Changes In Companies ActCabinet Approves 14 Changes In Companies Act
Asian markets cheered by US economic resilienceAsian markets cheered by US economic resilience
Sadbhav Engineering surges as arm files IPO prospectus with SebiSadbhav Engineering surges as arm files IPO prospectus with Sebi
Subscribe to Monte Carlo IPO for listing gains: N BangSubscribe to Monte Carlo IPO for listing gains: N Bang
ICICI Bank Goes Ex-Split  Shares Gain 2%ICICI Bank Goes Ex-Split  Shares Gain 2%
Oil Up In Asian TradeOil Up In Asian Trade
RBI Releases Guidelines For Setting Up Of And Operating TReDSRBI Releases Guidelines For Setting Up Of And Operating TReDS
Bullish on Indian equity mkt  to double in 4yrs: BofA-MLBullish on Indian equity mkt  to double in 4yrs: BofA-ML
I don`t even like to speak to a person who does not can take positive ...New Member
90 Followers
What you have mentioned is very correct sir.For Indosolar,the more the orders they execute more the losses.As it is very huge debt and no bank will to lend for restructuring,who would like to increase the NPAs?In such a scenario closure is the only option left.For any stock just before the De-listing spike is there in the price on the higher side,god knows if some people have already got the information of the De-listing going to be announced soon hence the spike?Technically and fundamentally a very weak stock and my gut feeling is that the De-listing news may be made official in the next 45-60 days.Let us see.

Once it crosses psychological barrier 100 then it will move faster. it...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Babu nair do you have any other work besides posting boring and repeti...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

606.4......609..........611..............617..........621..........Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

PSU bank employees in southern region go on day-long strikePSU bank employees in southern region go on day-long strike
PTI
Tweet
Officers of State Bank of Hyderabad demanding a salary revision during the relay strike in Hyderabad on Tuesday. The All India Bank Employees’ Association (AIBEA) claimed that 22,000 branches of PSU banks were closed across six States and one Union Territory in the South. -- P.V. Sivakumar
Officers of State Bank of India demanding a salary revision at the relay strike in Hyderabad on Tuesday. -- P.V. Sivakumar
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
Public sector bank employees today began a rotational strike to press for a wage hike with staff of the southern region going on a day-long strike.
Subsequently, there would be a strike on December 3 in the northern zone, followed by one in the eastern zone on December 4.
Finally on December 5, employees of PSU banks in the western region would go on strike, the United Forum of Bank Unions' (UFBU) Convener M V Murali told PTI.
“Since the conciliation meeting with the Indian Banks’ Association failed to reach a conclusion, it has been decided that we would go on strike between December 2 and 5,” he said.
The UFBU is the umbrella organisation of nine bank employees and officer unions.
Some of the banks have already informed their customers about the inconvenience due to the strike.
The All India Bank Employees’ Association (AIBEA) General Secretary C H Venkatachalam said 22,000 branches of PSU banks are closed across six States and one union territory.
This is the second strike by bank employees in less than 30 days. The last strike was on November 12.
“We have scaled down our demand from 25 per cent to 23 per cent (wage hike), but IBA is not yielding. It has been sticking to its earlier offer of 11 per cent, which is not enough,” Ashwini Rana, General Secretary of the National Organisation of Bank Workers, said.
“We hope IBA and Government would initiate positive steps to resolve issues without further aggravation. In the event our issues still remain unresolved, we may be forced to resort to more strike actions, including an indefinite strike in the days to come,” he added.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

More trouble for Mallya; govt rejects him as Kingfisher Airlines chiefMore trouble for Mallya; govt rejects him as Kingfisher Airlines chief
AFP  Mumbai, December 02, 2014
First Published: 13:02 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 14:53 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
The government has rejected the reappointment of liquor baron Vijay Mallya as head of his grounded and debt-laden Kingfisher Airlines, in yet another blow to the self-crowned "king of good times".
Kingfisher, once India's second-largest airline by passenger share, is under growing pressure to repay debts of nearly $1.5 billion owed to a consortium of largely state-run banks.
The airline has not made a profit since Mallya founded it in 2005. Its fleet was grounded in 2012.
The company said the ministry of corporate affairs had rejected Mallya's application for reappointment, a move required under government regulations, without detailing why.
 
The ministry rejected the application "for reappointment of Vijay Mallya as managing director of the Company for a period of 5 years from October 16, 2013 without remuneration", the airline said in a statement to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) on Monday night.
The move was widely expected after Mallya was declared a "wilful defaulter" by one of his bankers in September, a term that makes it difficult for him to find new lenders.
Earlier Monday another firm, Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilisers, told the BSE that Mallya had resigned from its board. It gave no reasons.
The news lifted MCF shares sharply on the day. Kingfisher Airlines shares were suspended in November after stock exchange authorities demanded the carrier declare long-awaited financial results.
Mallya made his fortune through an inherited liquor business and branched out with Kingfisher Airlines, named after his top-selling beer which is an Indian household name.
But Mallya is struggling to retain control of his empire. Analysts says Kingfisher Airlines was a casualty of India's cut-throat fare wars in the congested sector.
The full-service Kingfisher, which boasted it treated flyers as "guests", never returned to the skies after pilots went on strike in 2012 over unpaid wages.
He is still chairman of United Spirits, a key source of his riches, but has sold a large chunk to Diageo and handed over management control to the British beverage giant.

BSE Sensex slips 115 pts in volatile trade after RBI holdsratesDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Markets fell for the second day with benchmark Sensex declining over 115 points today on selling in auto stocks after RBI kept interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row and IT shares dipped on strength in rupee.
In highly volatile trade, the 30-share BSE index fell to touch the day’s low of 28,386.46 following announcement of credit policy. However, the index recovered briefly to hit 28,576.39 on RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan’s hint of lowering rates early next year.
Participants later resorted to selling at every rise and the Sensex ended the day at 28,444.01, down 115.61 points, or 0.40 per cent. Yesterday, it had slipped 134.37 points.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty, after swinging to and fro, settled with a loss of 31.20 points, or 0.36 per cent, at 8,524.70. Intra-day, it traded in a narrow range between 8,504.65 and 8,560.20.
“By not cutting rates, RBI has remained consistent in their policy objective of decisively bringing down inflation -and long term inflationary expectations. Lower post policy bond yields show the market feels more confident that eventually rates will be much lower,” said Arvind Sethi, MD & CEO, TATA Asset Management.
Rupee, which had breached 62-mark against dollar in previous sessions, today strengthened to 61.87 levels. This put pressure of shares IT companies, including TCS and Infosys, which earn most of their sales in the US currency.
Oil scrips also were on the sellers’ list after excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates won’t rise as oil firms have decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
Over half of the 30 Sensex constituents ended with losses led by GAIL (down 2.85 per cent), M&M (2.47 per cent), HDFC (1.51 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (1.48 per cent).
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto 1.05 per cent and Oil & Gas 0.66 per cent, among others.
Global cues, however, were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and Europe was better in its opening trades.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 12.36 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Lebanon claims arrest of Isis chiefs wifeLebanon claims capture of Isis leader’s wife
Erika Solomon in Beirut
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91d67ef2-7a2a-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI keeps key rates unchanged: What economists  biz leaders sayThe Reserve Bank of India kept interest rates unchanged at 8.0 % on Tuesday as widely expected, staying focused on containing inflation while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth.
A Prasanna, Economist, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Ltd, Mumbai
This policy is as per expectation. The guidance is dovish which leads us to believe that there is a significant chance of policy easing by February subject to inflation and government's efforts to meet fiscal targets. At this point we'll go with 25 basis points. The bond market is running ahead, but there's more conviction about policy easing by February.
Kumar Rachapudi, Senior Rates Strategist, ANZ, Singapore
The RBI assessing the risks to its January 2016 inflation forecast as 'balanced' - previously the risks were biased upside - is significant. In fact, the RBI said if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year. Think this paves way for a rate cut in early 2015 unless global commodity prices aggressively reverse their fall. We like staying long Indian bonds here.
Sandeep Bagla, Associate Director, Trust Group
The change in stance by RBI is very heartening. The easing of commodity prices has meant that the central bank has room to cut rate by around 75 bps for the next full year. Market has tried to price in this possibility by rallying strongly. There's a good chance that the 10-year yield will fall to 7.90-7.95 in the immediate term.
R. Sivakumar, Head of Fixed Income, Axis Asset Management, Mumbai
Clearly, a very dovish statement by the governor; they have acknowledged that inflation is treading expectations and that there is scope for monetary easing in early 2015. Markets like clarity and they are reading this as a signal that barring any surprises, a Feb 2015 rate cut looks likely.
Background
- India's annual infrastructure output growth accelerated to 6.3 % in October, driven by pick up in coal and electricity generation, government data showed, indicating an improvement in economic activity.
- Gross domestic product expanded 5.3 % in the July-September quarter from a year earlier as a manufacturing slump took the bounce out of Asia's third-largest economy. Growth in the previous quarter was at a 2-1/2 year high of 5.7 %.
- India has scrapped a rule mandating traders to export 20 % of all gold imported into the country, a surprise move that could cut smuggling and raise legal shipments into the world's second-biggest consumer of the metal after China.
- The Indian government plans to raise about 891.2 billion rupees ($14.4 billion) by reducing its stakes in state-run banks to 52 %, the junior finance minister said.
- India could give banks more flexibility to restructure distressed loans in a bid to steer funding towards cash-strapped infrastructure projects, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said.
- The wholesale price index rose an annual 1.77 % last month, its slowest since September 2009, compared with the 2.20 % forecast by economists in a Reuters poll.
- Retail inflation, which the RBI tracks in setting lending rates, slowed to 5.52 % in October from a multi-year low of 6.46 % a month earlier, helped by slower annual rises in food and fuel prices.
- India raised the minimum capital requirement for so-called shadow banks and tightened rules on deposits and bad loans to avoid any potential risk to the economy from these rapidly growing finance firms by regulating them like traditional banks.

Timeline: Changes to cash reserve ratio since 1992Comments
The Reserve Bank of India held interest rates steady as widely expected at a policy review on Tuesday, and said it could ease monetary policy early next year provided inflationary pressures do not reappear and the government controls the fiscal deficit.
Uneasy over India's weak recovery from its slowest phase of growth since the 1980s, the six-month-old government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi had been seen as favouring an early reduction in rates, but RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said containing inflation was a prerequisite.
"What again and again we have seen in India, and outside India also, is that the way to sustainable growth is to have moderate inflation," Rajan told a news conference.
        
Here is a timeline of changes to the CRR since 1992.
    
RATE (percent)    EFFECTIVE DATE (day-month-year)
    4.00                     09-02-2013

We ll gain confidence in our models over time: Raghuram RajanYou are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
We'll gain confidence in our models over time, says RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 07.02AM IST
Tags:
gdp
(The biggest external risk…)
The biggest external risk to the economy has moved from capital flow to weak growth in industrial economies, but India will eventually hold good among investors, says RBI governor.
How did you convince the government into buying the 4% inflation target when there is a clamour for rate cuts with inflation at 6%?
The government is as much on the same wavelength on desirable levels of inflation as we are.
We picked the 8% and 6% when the previous government didn't have a strong view and had to develop it. But this government has reflected on that. And there is a sense that it is comfortable with 4, plus or minus 2. The `Is' have to be dotted and the 'Ts' crossed in that framework; 2% is what industrial countries have. Plus our productivity growth is about 2%. The famous Balassa-Samuelson theorem says your real effective exchange rate should appreciate at the productivity differential that you are at vis-a-vis the rest of the world. So if we have 4% inflation then our REER is appreciating at the appropriate rate consistent with the Balassa-Samuelson relative to rest of the world. We are at 4% and they are 2%; so 2% inflation is the real effective appreciation we are getting. This means nominal exchange rate remains constant relative to the rest of the world.
Why did the inflation fan chart stop at March 2015, and not forecast the rate for March 2016 like last time?
We had to give one clean fan chart, so we picked 2015. It was 6.2% for 2016. Last time it was 7%. We had adjusted it by 1% because it was not capturing some forces that were under way. So it's closer now. It is an evolving thing. The economy is changing and our models have to adapt. We will gain more confidence over time in our models.
What are the risks on the external front?
A few months ago, the biggest external risk was capital flow. Now I see growth as the biggest external risk. Weak growth in industrial economies is having damping effects on the exports through out the region including our own. The latest PMI data says export orders are holding up. It's too early to get overly worried. But the trend in exports is easing a bit. Slow growth will imply that monetary policy outside will stay easy for a longer period. Uneven growth implies that the US may be a bit hesitant to raise interest rates given the effect on the dollar. That may imply that policies may stay more accommodative outside for longer.
What are the implications of diverging policy stances in the US, Europe and Japan?
Divergence may not be entirely bad for us. Everybody may not be tightening at the same time. Given the massive quantitative easing happening in Japan and the likelihood of some action in the ECB as and when US raises interest rates rise, there will still be plenty of capital looking for a home. My sense is that after an initial period of volatility when the interest rate hike eventually happens, investors will start discriminating amongst economies. If all goes well and we continue on the path we are on, India should look relatively good as compared to the other economies. And we will see some stabilisation of flows.
Was there any pressure from the finance ministry to cut rates?
The word 'pressure' is perhaps misused. There is a healthy dialogue that goes on. And obviously the finance ministry internalises the concerns of that inflation and recognises that we are entrusted with the task of controlling inflation and creating growth in the system. So we are not combatants, we are on the same side. There are different views and we try to persuade each other those views. The finance minister has said publicly a number of times that "these are my views... ultimately the decision is Reserve Bank's." It has been a very cordial relationship on every facet.
In your speech in Anand recently, you blamed the judiciary for hindering recovery. How does that change?
I didn't blame the judiciary. The judicial process is slow. There could be different entities to blame including the fact that they do not have enough resources, there are not enough people in the tribunals, the tribunals themselves may entertain many states, and there could be multiple appeals, all of which slow down the process. In a situation where DRTs have recovered just 13% of the outstanding balances in a year, we are not collecting enough.
How does one tackle it?
Government has said that they would set up more DRTs and appellate tribunals and give them more facilities. I think that is something that we are supportive of. I am not sure if we need a different law for the DRTs. The current law if it is made to work faster without frequent stays and many appeals, it could be quite effective.
We don't need a more draconian law than the Sarfeasi Act if implemented properly. We have to make sure we pull out the impediments in its full implementation. We do need an overall Bankruptcy Code for a more orderly resolution. Improving the functioning of the DRT is the biggest thing we can do.
Why this sudden withdrawal of restrictions on gold even though imports are rising?
There was a healthy debate and I think amongst the various opinions there was a view that we were better placed on the current account position. There was some distortions given the non-transparent actions that emerged. One school said let's take it away and the other school said let's get more confidence. The question about some of those is do they reduce the net demand for gold increases, keep it same or reduce it? Can I allow banks to buy back gold coins? Now I know I can hold on to gold and sell it back to banks. Then why don't I hold it? That could increase the speculative demand for gold — we do not know. Unless you experiment, you wouldn't know.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mean boys  not mean girls  rule at school: StudyIndia ranks 65th on tourism competitiveness index
Debunking the myth of the ‘mean girl,’ scientists have found that boys use relational aggression – malicious rumours, social exclusion and rejection – to harm or manipulate others more often than girls.
Researchers from the University of Georgia followed a cohort of students from middle to high school and found that, at every grade level, boys engaged in relationally aggressive behaviour more often than girls.
A team led by professor Pamela Orpinas analysed data collected from 620 students randomly selected from six northeast Georgia school districts.
Students who participated in the study completed yearly surveys, which allowed the  University of Georgia researchers to identify and group them in distinct trajectories for relational aggression and victimisation as they progressed from grade six to 12.
“Overall, we found relational aggression to be a very common behaviour. Almost all of the students surveyed, 96 per cent, had passed a rumour or made a nasty comment about someone over the course of the seven-year study,” said Orpinas, a professor of health promotion and behaviour in the College of Public Health.
Experiences of victimisation were found to be universal as well. Over 90 per cent of the students reported that they had been victims of relational aggression at least once.
The analysis found that students followed three developmental trajectories of perpetration and three similar trajectories of victimisation – low, moderate and high declining (that is, very high in middle school and declining in high school).
When examining how these trajectories differed by gender, the data showed some unexpected results.
Significantly more boys than girls fell into the two higher trajectories for relational aggression perpetration, while more girls than boys fell into the two higher trajectories for victimisation.
“We have books, websites and conferences aimed at stopping girls from being aggressive, as well as a lot of qualitative research on why girls are relationally aggressive,” Orpinas said.
“But oddly enough, we don’t have enough research on why boys would be relationally aggressive because people have assumed it’s a girl behaviour,” Orpinas said.
While the study may call for more scholarship on “mean boys” and why they behave the way they do, Orpinas said, the findings ultimately emphasise a need to include boys and girls equally in programmes aimed at reducing relational aggression.
The study was published in the journal Aggressive Behavior.
TAGS: University Of Georgia
More from lifestyle
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

Rajan stays firm in inflation; keeps rates unchangedRaghuram Rajan stays a firm warrior in inflation battleground, keeps rates unchanged
ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Currency
(Rajan signalled that a cut…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India left interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row, a decision which had been widely expected, and said the government has agreed that monetary policy's primary objective will be to contain inflation at 4%, ending the use of interest rate as a tool to prop up the economy or manage the currency .
Governor Raghuram Rajan also signalled that a cut in interest rates is around the corner, probably as early as the first quarter of 2015, as the forecast for inflation is trending sharply lower, leading to a rally in bonds.
Meeting the fiscal deficit target could be tough, Rajan said, given the slow gains in revenue receipts, but the government's commitment gave him comfort amid some concerns about the quality of that achievement.
"The government has indicated that it is comfortable with setting a (inflation) target of 4%, plus or minus 2%," the Reserve Bank governor said. "The government is as much on the same wavelength on the desirable levels of inflation as we are."
"The previous government didn't have a strong view. But this government has essentially reflected on that. The 'i's have to be dotted and 't's have to be crossed," said Governor Rajan.
Repo rate, at which the central bank lends to banks, remains at 8%, and the reverse repo rate will be at 7%. The cash reserve ratio, the proportion of deposits that banks have to keep with RBI, remains at 4%, and the Statutory Liquidity Ratio, the amount of deposits invested in government bonds, is at 22%."The government looks forward to RBI supporting the revival of growth and employment," said a finance ministry statement. "The government and RBI will work towards a monetary policy framework that will help institutionalise the gains achieved on the inflation front, so as to reduce inflationary expectations and further support the revival of investment and growth."Rajan also signposted two critical decisions that will be announced soon — one is on the 5:25 funding structure for infrastructure projects that was announced in the budget, and the other is on banks taking equity during debt restructuring.
The price at which this can be done is being discussed with the Sebi.The so-called 5:25 scheme is where banks can think of a project in various fiveyear stages. After that period, the borrower will repay the loan through refinancing from other lenders.
"The implementation of 5:25 scheme will clearly extend repayment cycle and ease cash flow and ease stress situation," said Sunil Kaushal, regional chief executive, India & South Asia, Standard Chartered Bank. "A lot of these projects need more equity funding. If banks can take equity exposure over a period of time they could sell it to other promoters."
The agreement between the government and RBI on containing inflation at 4%, in a band of 2% on either side as suggested by the Urjit Patel committee, puts to rest speculation on the government-central bank relationship on how interest rate needs to be used. When inflation-targetting is the main objective, investors and industrialists can be fairly confident of a steady interest rate regime.
"The governor has indicated that change in monetary policy stance to easing is round the corner, if current disinflationary trends continue," said Shikha Sharma, managing director and chief executive at Axis Bank. "This should provide the right backdrop for further decrease in cost of funds for banks, and thereafter lending rates. This, coupled with appropriate policy measures from the government and better fiscal management, should aid the investment cycle gain better momentum," she said.
Benchmark government bond yields fell to a 16-month low of 7.95% during the day and ended at 7.97%, nine basis points lower than Monday. The Sensex fell 0.40%, or 116 points to 28,444. And the rupee rose 0.23% to 61.88 versus the US dollar. The governor's decision was on expected lines as nearly every economist said there wouldn't be a change in interest rates, though OPEC's decision to keep supplies stable — pushing down crude oil prices to four-year lows — had led some to predict rate cuts. Businessmen were peeved at the decision not to cut rates.
"A rate cut would have been favourable," said VS Parthasarathy, chief financial officer at tractor maker Mahindra & Mahindra.
"India would not have been an outlier either, as China and South Korea have led the way recently with rate cuts to stem their falling growth." The governor reiterated his oft-stated position that it was important to win the battle on prices rather than ease monetary policy too early only to have them popping up again."We want to make sure that this is for real, we don't want to flip-flop," he said. "We'd rather change for good."Rajan said those clamouring for interest rate cuts were being shortsighted.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ET Analysis: Road to lower rates may be long but not painfulArun Jaitley
(Now that the 4% target is…)
The message of Tuesday's monetary policy was not in the official document, but outside of it. It is more about Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan and the government singing from the same song sheet on the future course rather than a 25 basis points interest rate reduction, the impact of which would have been lost even before the ink was dry.
That Rajan has managed to persuade the government to buy the Urjit Patel Committee recommendations of 4% inflation targeting, in a 2 percentage point band either way, is an achievement by itself when there is so much noise on how it would cripple a developing economy like India.
Reading Rajan's message in managing to maintain interest rates — amid cacophony to cut rates due to easing price pressures — and finance minister Arun Jaitley's declaration a few days ago at the ET Awards ceremony on how raising investment limits to foreigners alone won't lift the economy from the morass, should silence the chattering class which forever sees discord between the two. It is all about fixing the broken policy making to deliver enduring economic growth.
"The government is as much on the same wavelength on the desirable levels of the inflation as we are," says Rajan. "I think, it has been very cordial relationship on every facet, whether it is on monetary policy, or debt restructuring."
Now that the 4% target is set, what does it mean for interest rates? Rajan has almost said that the first cut could be in the first quarter of next year, probably after drawing comfort from reliable fiscal numbers.
"If the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle," says Rajan.
This can be interpreted in two ways:
1) Jaitley pressured Rajan to cut rates, but Rajan managed to buy time till February and he would do so early next year 2) He is expecting data for the next couple of months to reinforce that prices will continue to fall, which could provide room to shift monetary policy to a downward cycle.
The fulcrum of Rajan's monetary policy is positive real interest rates, which will channelise savings into financial instruments rather than gold and real estate. In that scenario, the policy rate has to be above, say a percentage point or so, more than the Consumer Price Index reading. Assuming that the CPI eases to 6% by January 2016, the repo rate cannot fall beyond 100 basis points from current levels. A basis point is 0.01 percentage point. There is no target by when the RBI wants to achieve the 4%.
When Rajan next year delivers the first rate cut since May 2013, it may well be a 50 basis points reduction if the crude oil prices, and commodity prices, including food, continue their slide. But if there is a reversal, then the magnitude of the cut could be lesser.
The journey on the lower rate regime may begin in the first quarter of next year, but it may well be a long and gruelling journey. But with Rajan and Jaitley appearing to strike a cord, it may be less painful.
"We don't intend to flip-flop. We would rather change, and change for the good," said Rajan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rattled by China  India to rebuild its submarine fleetRattled by Chinese submarines, India joins other nations in rebuilding fleet
Reuters Dec 3, 2014, 03.15AM IST
Tags:
China
(India is speeding up a navy…)
NEW DELHI: India is speeding up a navy modernisation programme and leaning on its neighbours to curb Chinese submarine activity in the Indian Ocean, as nations in the region become increasingly jittery over Beijing's growing undersea prowess.
Just months after a stand-off along the disputed border dividing India and China in the Himalayas, Chinese submarines have shown up in Sri Lanka, the island nation off India's southern coast. China has also strengthened ties with the Maldives.
China's moves reflect its determination to beef up its presence in the Indian Ocean, through which four-fifths of its oil imports pass, and coincides with escalating tension in the disputed South China Sea, where Beijing's naval superiority has rattled its neighbours.
"We should be worried the way we have run down our submarine fleet. But with China bearing down on us, the way it is on the Himalayas, the South China Sea and now the Indian Ocean, we should be even more worried," said Arun Prakash, former chief of the navy.
"Fortunately, there are signs this government has woken up to the crisis," he said. "But it will take time to rebuild. We should hope that we don't get into a face-off with the Chinese, that our diplomacy and alliances will keep things in check."
Modi government has ordered an accelerated tendering process to build six conventional diesel-electric submarines at an estimated cost of Rs 50,000 crore ($8.1 billion), in addition to six similar submarines that French firm DCNS is assembling in Mumbai port to replace a nearly 30-year-old fleet hit by a run of accidents.
The country's first indigenously built nuclear submarine - loaded with nuclear-tipped missiles and headed for sea trials this month - joins the fleet in late 2016. India leased a nuclear-propelled submarine from Russia in 2012 and is in talks to lease a second one, navy officials told Reuters.
The government has already turned to industrial group Larsen & Toubro Ltd, which built the hull for the first domestic nuclear submarine, to manufacture two more, sources with knowledge of the matter said.
Elsewhere in the region, Australia is planning to buy up to 12 stealth submarines from Japan, while Vietnam plans to acquire as many as four additional Kilo-class submarines to add to its current fleet of two. Taiwan is seeking US technology to build up its own submarine fleet.
Japan, locked in a dispute with China over islands claimed by both nations, is increasing its fleet of diesel-electric attack submarines to 22 from 16 over the next decade or so.
OUTNUMBERED
In addition to the leased Russian nuclear-propelled submarine, India's navy currently has 13 ageing diesel-electric submarines, only half of which are operational at any given time due to refits. Last year, one of its submarines sank after explosions and a fire while it was docked in Mumbai.
China is estimated to have 60 conventional submarines and 10 nuclear-powered submarines, including three armed with nuclear weapons.
Ma Jiali, an expert at the China Reform Forum's Centre for Strategic Studies which is affiliated with the Central Party School, said Beijing's top concern in the Indian Ocean was safeguarding the passage of its commodities, especially oil.
"There are many voices in India who believe the Indian Ocean belongs solely to India, and no other country belongs there. That line of thought is common - but of course it shouldn't be viewed like that. Our (China's) view is that there should be dialogue and discussion between China and India."
  With India building its navy to about 150 ships, including two aircraft carriers, and China holding around 800 in its naval fleet, the two are more likely than not to run into each other, naval officials and experts say.
David Brewster, a strategic affairs visiting fellow at the Australian National University, said India will do everything it can to recover its dominant position in the Indian Ocean.
It may seek naval cooperation with Japan and Australia, and expand a military base on the Andaman Islands which lie about 140 km (87 miles) from the Malacca Straits, he said.
"India sees the presence of any Chinese naval vessel as an intrusion. There is a big ramp-up in their presence, which is clearly intended to send a message to India," said Brewster.
India has engaged in intense diplomacy with Sri Lanka about the Chinese submarine presence, reminding it that New Delhi must be informed of such port calls under a maritime pact they signed this year along with the Maldives.
India has also muscled into an $8 billion deep water port that Bangladesh wants to develop in Sonadia in the Bay of Bengal, with the Adani Group submitting a proposal in October. China Harbour Engineering Company, an early bidder, was the front-runner.
"If China continues down this path and continues with this level of presence in the Indian Ocean then the Indians will feel they need to respond," said Brewster.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rafale jet deal issue will be resolved on fast track: Manohar ParrikarDassault Aviation
(As per the Request for Proposal…)
NEW DELHI: India has assured France that all issues in the multi-billion dollar deal for the 126 Rafale combat aircraft would be "resolved in a fast-track manner" as the two sides agreed to overcome the differences over the long -delayed project.
The issue came up for discussion during the delegation- level talks last evening between Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar and his French counterpart Jean-Yves Le Drian .
India had in 2012 selected the Rafale jet for a deal estimated to be worth over Rs 60,000 crore, but the negotiations are still continuing between the Defence Ministry and French firm Dassault Aviation .
"The talks were held in a cordial atmosphere. All issues related to India-French defence cooperation were discussed," official sources said.
The sources confirmed that the Rafale deal came up during the discussions and that both sides agreed there were matters on which differences still exist between the two.
However, Parrikar told his French counterpart that these "would be resolved in a fast-track manner". Both sides also agreed to take forward the partnership which they had envisaged in 1998.
The deal with India is a big one for the Rafale fighter as it will be the first mega export order for the aircraft.
The final negotiations for the multi-billion dollar deal have been stuck on a number of issues ranging from pricing to work-sharing.
As per the Request for Proposal (RFP) issued in 2007, the first 18 jets are to be imported and the rest manufactured under licence by Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL).
According to sources, Dassault was reluctant to stand guarantee for the 108 fighters to be built by HAL as far as liquidity damages and timelines for production was concerned.
This, the sources say, is the critical issue that is delaying the inking of the deal.
The Defence Ministry is of the view that the guarantee clause was part of the Air Staff Qualitative Requirements (ASQR) under the RFP.
Dassault had agreed to the ASQR and hence was selected for the deal, sources maintained.
"How can the ASQR be relaxed? This is not allowed under the Defence Procurement Procedure, 2013," sources said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jean-Yves Le Drian meets Parrikar to push ahead with Rafale dealEurofighter
(Of the 126 fighter jets,…)
NEW DELHI: French Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian met his Indian counterpart Manohar Parrikar in Delhi on Monday as part of efforts to expedite contracts for 126 Rafale fighter jets and short range surface-to-air missiles (SRSAM) that will be co-developed and jointly produced in India.
Le Drian's maiden visit since the BJP-led NDA government took charge in May comes at a time when the two sides are looking at ways to clear the roadblocks, including differences over the price of the fighter jets that have held up the contracts.
Of the 126 fighter jets, 18 will come from France. The rest 108 will be manufactured by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited in India after transfer of technology. The cost of the project has increased to $30 billion (about Rs 1,860 crore) from the initial $10 billion. Some differences have cropped up over transfer of technology as well, officials said.
In 2011, Rafale was chosen from a set of bidders, including Eurofighter Typhoon (made by a group of European nations, including UK and Germany), American, Russian and Swedish fighter jets. Eurofighter, which is offering a discount, has shown willingness to enter into negotiations with India if the contract with Rafale does not get sealed. Both Germany and the UK are pitching for the Eurofighter.
Meanwhile, after showing willingness for the past seven years to acquire SRSAM, the IAF has initiated the process for a new procurement from a different vendor through a Request for Information or RFI.
SRSAM is a government-to-government deal initiated in 2007. The project also has a huge export potential.
FEATURED ARTICLES

"I don t know about you  but I keep looking for him."More
Clarke's haunting tribute to team mate Hughes
Michael, a near-constant presence by his team mate's bedside during his two-day fight for life at a Sydney hospital, choked back tears and paused to suck back deep breaths at the rural town's high school hall as he paid tribute to his 'brother's' spirit.
By By Jason Reed | Reuters –  Wed 3 Dec, 2014 10:17 AM IST
0
Clarke pays tribute to Phillip Hughes during the Funeral Service.
MACKSVILLE, Australia (Reuters) - Australia captain Michael Clarke urged mourners to "dig in and get through to tea" as he choked back tears in an emotional eulogy delivered to Phillip Hughes at the cricketer's funeral in Macksville, New South Wales, on Wednesday.
The 33-year-old Clarke, a near-constant presence by his team mate's bedside during his two-day fight for life at a Sydney hospital, choked back tears and paused to suck back deep breaths at the rural town's high school hall as he paid tribute to his "brother's" spirit.
"Oh, he would definitely be calling me a sook right now, that's for sure," Clarke began, gasping for air in the stifling room packed with 1,000 people.
"I don't know about you, but I keep looking for him. I know it is crazy but I expect any minute to take a call from him or to see his face pop around the corner.
"Is this what we call the spirit? If so, then his spirit is still with me. And I hope it never leaves."
Hughes died last Thursday at the age of 25, two days after being rushed to hospital for emergency surgery, having been struck by a rising delivery during a domestic match at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Clarke, who helped usher Hughes into Australia's state ranks then the national team, said he visited the SCG wicket where Hughes was felled after his death.
"I stood there at the wicket, I knelt down and touched the grass, I swear he was with me," he said.
"Picking me up off my feet to check if I was okay. Telling me we just needed to dig in and get through to tea.
"Telling me off for that loose shot I played. Chatting about what movie we might watch that night. And then passing on a useless fact about cows.
"And I could see him swagger back to the other end, grin at the bowler, and call me through for a run with such a booming voice, a bloke in the car park would hear it.
"Is this what indigenous Australians believe about a person's spirit being connected with the land upon which they walk? If so, I know they are right about the SCG. His spirit has touched it and it will be forever be a sacred ground for me."
Clarke said Hughes's death would strengthen the bonds of cricket around the world.
"Phillip's spirit, which is now part of our game forever, will act as a custodian of the sport we all love. We must listen to it. We must cherish it. We must learn from it," he added.
"We must dig in," Clarke faltered, crying.
"We must dig in and get through to tea. And we must play on.
"So rest in peace, my little brother. I will see you out in the middle."
(Writing by Ian Ransom; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Bright days ahead for Titan: HSBCDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
On Friday, RBI revoked the 80:20 scheme for gold imports that restricted the supply of gold that can be imported into India.  The scheme created distortion of the gold price in the market that disadvantaged organised jewellers like Titan. Since Titan was allowed to hedge its gold price internationally, its effective cost of owning the gold and managing price risk was lower than the prevailing gold leasing rate. So the incremental gain for Titan on the P&L as a result is likely to be negligible. Nonetheless, we believe that now gold inventory for Titan (which is 30% on gold on lease) will increasingly move to gold on leases and the business model will return to its original form, giving Titan a complete natural hedge on the gold price.
Since gold premiums should now become negligible, this should help Titan price its underlying gold price more competitively. With gold supply restrictions gone and no risk of premiums, we believe that retail expansion plans will get a new impetus and aid the strategic priority of Titan to double its jewellery market share in the next five years.
We upgrade Titan to overweight with a target price of R460. The regulatory easing is now almost complete with 80:20 removal, but Titan’s re-rating this year already reflects that for the most part, in our view. Now we believe the incremental catalyst will be improvement in underlying demand, which in our view has already bottomed out. With removal of 80:20, Titan will be able to shape its pricing more competitively to monetise the jewellery demand revival which is now imminently due with the correction in the gold price.
By HSBC
TAGS: Gold Price RBI
More from indianmarkets

Still dream of playing World Cup - SehwagTweet
0
Sehwag holds the ICC World Cup trophy after its arrival in the country. Virender Sehwag last played for India in March 2013. Barring an odd big knock in the IPL, he has failed to impress with the bat during this period. Still, retirement is not on his mind and he is hopeful of featuring in India's list of World Cup probables and possibly, playing the tournament.
"I am still hopeful that my name will figure in the 30 probables for the World Cup," Sehwag said at an ICC promotional event in Mumbai. "Every player who represents the country dreams of playing in the World Cup and I also still dream of playing in it."
Last month, Sehwag made himself unavailable for the Deodhar Trophy, reportedly to offer more opportunities to youngsters from the North Zone. Still, he stressed he was hoping to break into the national side. "I am playing first-class cricket and looking to score as many runs as I can. Last year, I scored around 250 runs and hopefully this year I can score more. I hope that I can score runs and get back into the [national] side."
Sehwag was also optimistic about India's chances in the 2015 World Cup. "I think without hopes, nothing happens," he said. "We won the World Cup in 2011 and I believe we are capable of defending the title in 2015. Our team is very good and is playing well in ODIs. I am sure we can retain the World Cup."
The biggest challenge India could face are the pace-friendly conditions in Australia and New Zealand. Indian teams in the past have struggled to adapt to conditions different from those in the subcontinent. This time, though, the Indian team will spend more than two months in Australia before the World Cup and Sehwag is confident the acclimatisation will help India immensely.
"Australia is the best place to play cricket. You get good wickets with bounce, fast wickets, and the ball comes nicely on to the bat," he said. "You will enjoy batting in Australia and you will also enjoy bowling in Australia. I think all the players who will go to the World Cup, they have already played in Australia and they will be playing in the triangular series before the World Cup so they will get used to the conditions.
"The wickets are similar, they are not different. In the World Cup, you will get good wickets to bat and bowl on. You will get true wickets for the game. I don't think there will be any problem for any team or any problem to adjust. If you have the talent and if you have a strong mindset, you can perform anywhere in the world. A lot of our players have performed in Australia, South Africa, England and everywhere. So we have the team and hopefully we will do well in the World Cup."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Sons  intelligence linked to dads  criminal historyYoga as good as aerobics for reducing heart disease risk
Sons whose fathers have criminal records tend to have lower cognitive abilities than men whose dads have no criminal history, according to a new study.
The research, conducted by scientists in Sweden and Finland, found that the link is not directly caused by fathers’ behaviour but is instead explained by genetic factors that are shared by father and son.
“The findings are important because cognitive ability is among the most important psychological predictors of many important life outcomes, including socioeconomic success and health,” said lead researcher Antti Latvala of the Karolinska Institute in Sweden and the University of Helsinki in Finland.
Latvala and colleagues set out to investigate how parents’ antisocial behaviours – such as rule-breaking, aggressive, or violent behaviour – might affect their children’s cognitive development.
“We wondered whether children of antisocial parents also have lower cognitive ability than children of non-antisocial parents, and if so, whether compromised cognitive functioning might be part of the inherited risk for antisocial behaviour,” said Latvala.
The researchers took advantage of extensive data collected from Swedish residents, including data on cognitive ability acquired as part of compulsory military conscription and data on antisocial behaviour (in this case, defined as criminal convictions) obtained from a national crime register.
Looking at data from over 1,000,000 men, the researchers found that men whose fathers had any criminal convictions tended to have lower cognitive-ability scores than men whose fathers had no such history.
“Perhaps most surprising was the clear gradient seen in the magnitude of the association with sons’ cognitive ability by severity of fathers’ criminality: The more severe crimes the father had committed, the poorer was the sons’ cognitive performance,” said Latvala.
The researchers then compared the link between fathers’ criminal history and sons’ cognitive ability across cousins whose fathers had varying relationships to each other.
They examined the link in cousins whose fathers were half-siblings (sharing about 25 per cent of their genetic makeup), cousins whose fathers were full siblings or fraternal twins (sharing about 50 per cent of their genetic makeup), and cousins whose fathers were identical twins (sharing 100 per cent of their genes).
The data showed that when the researchers took the varying genetic relationships into account, the association between fathers’ criminality and sons’ cognitive ability gradually diminished.
“Our results thus indicate that despite the adversities related to parental criminality, having a father who has been convicted of crime is unlikely to influence cognitive development in the offspring when the effects of other factors associated with parental antisocial behaviour, including genetic risks, are taken into account,” the researchers said.
The study is published in Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science.
TAGS: Health News
More from health
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

Rupee snaps two-day gains  ends 3 paise down against dollarForex update: Rupee snaps two-day gains, ends 3 paise down against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 18:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Wednesday snapped a two-day gaining streak to fall by three paise and end at 61.91 against the Greenback on fresh US dollar demand from importers.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee resumed stable at its Tuesday's closing level of 61.88 a dollar.
Initially, the local currency weakened as the US dollar rallied against  the basket of currencies on upbeat data. Most Asian currencies were weak  against the American unit, said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India  Pvt Ltd.
The rupee was trapped in a narrow range of 61.84 and 61.95 before settling at 61.91, logging a fall of three paise or 0.05 per cent. The domestic currency ended flat against the dollar.
The rupee had gained 15 paise in its previous two trading sessions.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Wednesday finished almost flat at 28,442.71 from Tuesday's close of 28444.01.
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs)/ foreign institutional investors (FIIs) picked up shares worth US $21.16 million on Tuesday, as per data released by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).

7 ways to make 2015 your best year as a coupleBigg Boss 8
7 Ways to Make 2015 Your Best Year as a Couple
Has it been a great year for you? Make next year your best yet for you and your honey.
MORE ON BABBLE
Mon 30 Dec, 2013 10:50 PM IST
TOP STORIES TODAY
Photo by: photo credit: Emmanuel_D.Photography via photopin
Reflect and identify relationship trends before looking ahead
When you reflect on your year, you will notice some common trends. Some trends were good for your relationship, and some were bad. Before you start making resolutions, setting goals, and determining your direction for the new year, figure this out. Once you know the trends, you will know what worked and what didn't work. You ... more 
Photo by: photo credit: Emmanuel_D.Photography via photopin
Reflect and identify relationship trends before looking ahead
When you reflect on your year, you will notice some common trends. Some trends were good for your relationship, and some were bad. Before you start making resolutions, setting goals, and determining your direction for the new year, figure this out. Once you know the trends, you will know what worked and what didn't work. You can then move forward from that point.
photo credit: Emmanuel_D.Photography via photopin cc

Lessons of Hughes  life unforgettable in deathMore
Lessons of Hughes' life unforgettable in death
It was a large and varied crowd that turned out to pay tribute to Phillip Hughes in Macksville, with several eminent names thrown in, but the farewell was personal, fitting and a good reminder of the meaning of life.
By Daniel Brettig in Macksville | ESPNcricinfo –  Wed 3 Dec, 2014 12:05 PM IST
Tweet
0
Rest in peace brother."I promise I will never take anything for granted from this day forward, and take any opportunity that comes my way... I have realised that life isn't forever."
It was Phillip Hughes ' sister Megan who spoke these words, but there was nary a soul in Macksville on Wednesday afternoon who did not feel the same way. From Trinidad to Sydney, from cricket to politics, from close family to far-flung friends, they had assembled for Hughes. Every last one wished they had come to see him bat.
The sense of loss was palpable, but so too was one of gratitude. Hughes had shown many of them great lessons in life. In his death playing the game, the example of his life will endure, and in the service that farewelled him, there were plenty to call upon.
Neither Macksville nor cricket has seen an event quite like it. Helicopters hovered overhead, a Test match-sized media contingent floated outside the Macksville High assembly hall, and buses conveyed a broad list of dignitaries and figureheads in addition to those who knew Hughes well.
For a time it felt as if the rolling cavalcade of notables, including Brian Lara, Virat Kohli , Shane Warne and Australia's prime minister Tony Abbott, would become too outsized for a gathering designed to celebrate Hughes' rich life, not ogle over the freakish circumstances of his death. Apart from the 1000 mourners in the hall, many scores more sat on the school's two ovals to watch on big screens.
But the deeply moving words of his family and his friends ensured that Hughes was farewelled in an entirely fitting manner, belying the scale of the event. Personal, teary and insightful, they told the world still more about how Hughes had inspired, well before and well beyond the daring deeds he performed with the bat for his hometown, club, state and country in a career too short.
From the eulogy delivered by his cousin Nino Ramunno, to personal letters by his siblings Megan and Jason and a tribute from his friend and cattle-business partner Corey Ireland, the full picture of Hughes emerged. Michael Clarke 's tribute was mournful and emotional but also hopeful, that Hughes would be not only remembered but remain present in the thoughts, words and actions of all cricketers.
Ramunno's recollections said much about Hughes' cheekiness, his preference for "street smart" over "book smart", and his happenstance introduction to cricket via Jason, who challenged him to play as a fill-in one day or risk the quintessential sibling jibe of "wuss". Twenty-five runs on debut were not bad for a tailender, and there would soon be plenty more, even as Ramunno sat on his grade debut through the sorts of questions often asked of Hughes, like "geez he's small" and "has he got the power to hit the ball off the square".
But Hughes' progress could be measured by the words of Jason, who spoke of his younger brother in ways commonly reserved for an older one. Having given up on ever getting to bat first, Jason bowled to Phillip for hours, covered for him when he once ran away from home for three days to the New South Wales central coast, and was eventually inspired to follow when the younger brother trekked more permanently to Sydney for cricket. They enjoyed a final grade stand together for Western Suburbs - a partnership of 210 against Mosman that drove Jason to follow up by plucking 5 for 19.
Ireland showed that there was far more to Hughes' life than cricket. Not a follower of the game, he admitted to being clueless when a crowd surrounded the then Test opener and his father Greg when they perused Ireland's collection of cattle at a Royal Easter Show. This comic beginning grew into a friendship that offered one of the more poignant insights of the day. Hughes was forever asking Ireland and his wife about how they met, when they married and how much later they had children. There was more than cricket and cattle in his future.
Clarke's words were always likely to be tinged with sobs, and his lasting sense of disbelief was writ large across an affecting address. Resting a hand on his coffin as he went up to speak, among Clarke's first words were to express that widely held emotion: "I don't know about you but I keep looking for him; I know it's crazy, but I expect any minute to take a call from him or to see him around the corner."
When Clarke ventured out to the SCG on Thursday night following Hughes' death, to the spot where he fell against New South Wales last Tuesday, he "swore" his friend was with him. Taking a leaf from Australian indigenous lore, Clarke said Hughes spirit had touched the turf, "and it will forever be sacred ground for me". He suggested that Hughes had embodied the spirit of the game, and concluded with a message remembered from countless innings together with Hughes, when simple messages and reminders are so often best.
"We must dig in, and get through to tea. And we must play on. Rest in peace my little brother, I'll see you out in the middle."
A video produced by Cricket Australia's Adam Goldfinch then brought Hughes very much to life, through visions of him training or offering the sort of infectious enthusiasm he was known for. He could joke at himself, and he always intended to return to Macksville in the end. At this, Mitchell Johnson was far from the only one to wipe away tears.
With a few words from Cricket Australia's chief executive James Sutherland, who declared "cricket's heart has been pierced by pain but it will never stop beating", the funeral drew to a close, Hughes taken from the room on the shoulders of men including his father Greg and his captain Clarke. The procession that followed on through the heart of Macksville made a stirring sight. No witness will forget it, nor will they forget Hughes.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Watch this mans heart rate spike as he proposes to his girlfriendBy Ana Swanson December 3 Follow @anaswanson
A self-described “generic 28-year-old male” wore a heart rate belt during a recent trip to Rome where he proposed to his now-fiancée. He exported the heart monitor data and created this graph in Excel. The left-hand axis shows his heart beats per minute over a 40-minute period that included walking in the Coliseum, eating ice cream, the proposal, and finally chilling out on a bench.
This post comes via Know More, Wonkblog's social media site for the best and most interesting visuals, videos, and data hits from around the Web. Check out Know More on its homepage , Twitter or Facebook .
Ana Swanson writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

By 2030  Nifty will hit 1 25 000  says ace investor Rakesh JhunjhunwalaBy 2030, Nifty will hit 1,25,000, says ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala
ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 07.01AM IST
Tags:
Inflation
(Jhunjhunwala says a year…)
MUMBAI: Benchmark Nifty can hit 1,25,000 by 2030 as company earnings are expected to grow 16% annually, according to investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala .
This target is almost 13 times the index's close of 8,537.65 on Tuesday.
Jhunjhunwala told a news channel that the Nifty has grown 10 times in the last 15 years and can jump 10-12 times in the next decade. "With the outlook for India, which is much better for the next 10 years than the growth in the past 10 years, and with increasing investor participation, don't you think the next 10 years should not be 10 but 15 times Nifty?" the investor told the channel, declining to give a target for 2015.
He said the market will be surprised by the country's growth in the coming years with Narendra Modi at its helm.
"Modi is an instrument. He is an instrument of change; he is not the change. The most remarkable thing of his first 180 days is that he has decided to do things at a measure and pace which is possible," said Jhunjhunwala. "The pace of change which he is bringing about is the one which the country and the situation and circumstances can absorb," he said.
He said the government's Swachh Bharat programme is the best investment this country can make. "It is five times more dividend than spending on health. So, you have to look at the completeness of the picture," he said.
Jhunjhunwala said a year later, Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan will regret not having cut rates in the policy review meeting on December 2. "This is because inflation will be 4% in India next year. We have had an unprecedented fall in oil prices," he said. "The worst is behind us and now we are importing 7% of gross domestic product as commodities. That benefit is yet to percolate down," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sahara s next big task could be Rs 36K crore liability of co-operativeIt’s understood that the credit society owns a 42% shareholding in the corporate entity that holds Sahara’s prized Amby Valley property.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Next to the CCTV surveillance cabin in Tihar Jail and opposite the superintendent's office, is a well-lit, windowless visitors' room where, sitting on a sofa, a slimmer and "visibly older" Sahara chief Subrata Roy meets his lawyers and directors over dhokla and butter-milk. It's a part of Roy's morning chores, said one of the regular visitors. But even as they discuss legal strategies, ways to cobble together funds to secure Roy's release, and life after Tihar, the men in the room are aware of another story that's brewing. It's about Sahara Credit Co-operative Society, a multi-state society where millions of savers have parked money; an entity that has no legal association with the Sahara Group, but could nonetheless engulf it in a different way. How?
It's learnt that the society's total liability has touched Rs 36,000 crore — almost twice the amount raised by two Sahara property firms whose run-in with capital market regulator Sebi had sparked a bitter court feud and eventually landed Roy in Tihar.
Two sources told ET that a predominant part of this money has been invested in Sahara Group companies and projects.
It's understood that the credit society owns a 42% shareholding in the corporate entity that holds Sahara's prized Amby Valley property.
The society has 2.6 crore nominal members and 92 lakh regular members with voting rights.
While a Sahara spokesman did not respond to ET's email query, a senior official of the society said the society holds many high-quality assets, including 2,000 acres of land which, according to a leading realty broker, is valued at Rs 6,400 crore. Besides, all investments are strictly as per provisions of Section 64 of the Multi-State Co-operative Societies Act, 2002, he said when asked whether there was a violation in any of the norms and bye-laws while deploying the funds of the society. "The society undergoes departmental inspection and we expect the liability to come down to Rs 26,000 crore after a year. At present we are going slow on fund raising... it's a conscious decision. We have no problem if there are new regulations," he added.
Despite the funds being stuck in illiquid, even if valuable, assets, the official said the society does not envisage any problem in repaying depositors on time-.
The activities of Sahara Credit, originally initiated by Sahara employees, multiplied in the years after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) forced Sahara to shut down its residuary non-banking finance company in 2008. The army of Sahara agents, mobilising savings through its daily deposit schemes - programmes that accept deposits of even one rupee a day - moved seamlessly into garnering funds for the co-operative society.Unlike the more familiar credit co-operatives for employees of an organisation or a group, general multi-state societies can open shop across the country to attract savings and are regulated by the central registrar of co-operative societies under the ministry of agriculture.
Their reach can be as extensive as large banks. As per the law, such a society is allowed to invest in other co-operative banks, certain approved securities, shares of other co-operative societies, bank deposits and "such other mode as may be provided in bye-laws."
Speaking on condition of anonymity, an official with the agriculture ministry told ET that there is a thinking within the government to amend the law and plug loopholes, if any, in the regulations.
"Some time ago we had asked the registrars of co-operatives in different states to take a close at the some of the large cooperative credit societies... But we have to be careful. It will be good if societies can be amalgamated with banks.
There are 300 multi-state societies and thousands of state-level societies... Taking any hasty decision will spark a run and lakhs of small savers would be severely impacted," he said. Sahara knows this better than anyone else. Its immediate priority is to meet the conditions of the apex court and keep Sebi at bay. According to the group, a large part of the Rs 25,000 crore that the Supreme Court had directed it to refund has already been repaid to investors. The Rs 10,000 crore (including bank guarantee) that needs to be paid for Roy's bail has to be deposited in a designated account and is being raised through selling some of the land parcels Sahara holds.
"Of the 24,000 acres of land bank, we have sold 750 acres so far. Instead of selling precious assets like the Grosvenor House in London or some of the other valued hotel properties, we can leverage these to raise additional loans from overseas. There will be enough funds left after repaying existing lenders like Bank of China ," said a Sahara official. Sahara intends to use the Mauritius subsidiary which holds the offshore assets to raise foreign currency loans. Managing the credit society's large deposit liability, albeit from a distance, will possibly be Sahara's next challenge.
While Sahara officials remain apparently unruffled by the task ahead, there will be a question mark on whether it can generate adequate cash flow from the properties or sell them at an agreeable price. For a group that has cut employees' salaries and is battling a cash crunch, no one knows how this story will play out in the days to come. Sahara Credit Co-operative Society Managing Director Shantanu Mukherjee did not respond to calls and text messages while Sahara officials said Subrata Roy was unable to make a statement.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

http://usat.ly/1rYasnqDow, S&P 500 notch record closes
The Dow ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 notch record closes The Dow ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CF4e5U
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 notch record closes
Jane Onyanga-Omara and Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 4:22 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve's Interest rates Mario Draghi the Fed rescue squad system Investors Europe's
Adam Shell reports: Europe’s economy is still sick, and inflation is way too low. Can the European Central Bank do more to stem the downward spiral? Video by Jason Allen
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  Europe's economy is still sick and inflation is way too
00:04  low. And to the rescue squad the European Central Bank. Will
00:09  they do more to stem the downward spiral. I have madam
00:12  shell and this is America's markets. ECB led by Mario Draghi
00:22  meets Thursday. So Walsh we will find out soon if there
00:26  ready to pump more stimulus into the system. Investors say another
00:30  jolt is needed to jumpstart growth in the Euro zone. A
00:34  reading on private sector activity in the Euro zone it is
00:37  sixteen month low last month. And inflation is just a few
00:40  kicks from flat lining. It's not like ECB isn't trying to
00:44  revive its wobbly economy. Interest rates are at record lows it's
00:48  making new cheaper loans to banks. It's also been buying covered
00:52  bonds and other asset backed securities to get more cash flowing
00:56  through the veins of the economy. But those steps haven't cured
00:59  the problem. What she wants the ECB to take a page
01:03  from the Federal Reserve's crisis plan. They want Draghi to start
01:07  buying government bonds like the Fed did during the financial crisis
01:11  with its quantitative easing program known as few week. And not
01:15  shell QE works like this. The ECB would buy government bonds
01:19  from regular banks that hold them. The hope is those banks
01:22  then use the extra cash they get from the bond sales
01:26  to make loans. Healy also helps push down barring costs. Draghi
01:31  hinted last week that full blown QE is on the table.
01:34  But Wall Street doesn't think he will pull the trigger tomorrow.
01:38  Why the ECB wants to give its current lose the chance
01:41  to work. There's also legal questions surrounding the plant still hopes
01:45  for new more aggressive stimulus from the ECB early next year
01:49  are on the rise. Investors wanna hear Draghi say he's ready
01:53  to pull the trigger soon on its own QE program. Anything
01:58  less will likely disappoint market.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
37 CONNECT 100 TWEET 9 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks climbed a bit Wednesday, with the Dow and S&P 500 notching all-time closing highs as economic reports showed steady growth on jobs and in other fronts.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session. The S&P 500's 0.4% gain was enough to send that broader index past its previous record close set exactly one week ago.
After its gain of 33 points, the blue-chip Dow settled at its new high of 17,912.62. The S&P 500's new number to beat is 2074.33, an increase for the day of nearly 8 points.
Finishing 0.4% higher, the Nasdaq composite ended the day at 4774.47.
On Tuesday, the Dow hit a new all-time closing high of 17,879.55 – about 51 points above the prior record close set Friday.
Monthly Markets Checkup: 6 things for December
The private sector added 208,000 jobs in November , payroll processor ADP said Wednesday, as the labor market continued to defy mixed economic news.
Economists had estimated ADP would report 226,000 new private sector jobs, according to Action Economics' survey. They expect the Labor Department's closely watched survey on Friday to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.
Services firms expanded at a faster pace in November , a signal that overall economic growth should remain robust. The Institute for Supply Management says its services index rose to 59.3 last month, up from 57.1 in October.
Worker productivity increased in the July-September quarter at a slightly faster pace than previously estimated while labor costs declined for a second straight quarter. Productivity, the amount of output per hour of work, increased at an annual rate of 2.3% in the third quarter while labor costs fell at a rate of 1%, the Labor Department reported Wednesday.
European stocks ended mixed.
In Asia on Wednesday, Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose 0.32% and Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 0.95%.
The Russian ruble has extended a week of decline, fueled by low oil prices and Western sanctions against Russia over its role in Ukraine's crisis.
The ruble traded 1.7% lower at 54.8 against the U.S. dollar on Wednesday morning, losing over 16% of its value in the past five trading days.
Contributing: Associated Press.

IITs: Intn l recruiters roll out Rs 40cr plu...Facebook
(Oracle is leading the charge,…)
MUMBAI: Top international recruiters Facebook, Oracle and Google have rolled out at least 40 offers with total compensation packages higher than Rs 1 crore at the end of only the second day of IIT campus placements, according to campus sources.
Such a large number of crore-plus offers — including cash and stock — are being offered for the first time. Oracle is leading the charge, offering up to 4,800 stock units worth $200,000 (Rs 1.24 crore), besides a $125,000 (Rs 77.5 lakh) cash component. Sources from IITBHU (Varanasi) confirmed these figures.
Sources from IIT-Delhi , IIT-Roorkee and IIT-Kanpur said some 4,000 stock options had been indicated as part of the overall package by the American multinational computer technology corporation.
Google, for Mountain View postings, rolled out a salary of $130,000 (Rs 80.4 lakh) and 250 stock units worth approximately $134,500 (Rs 83 lakh), IIT-BHU officials said.
The institute added that one student has been selected by Oracle US, and another for Google US.
Average domestic salaries at IIT campus placements this year have been in the range of Rs 10-12 lakh. Placements at the older institutes started on December 1.
Stock options are typically rolled out by companies as a retention measure and are often vested only after employees remain with the company for a specified period.
As already reported by ET, Facebook has made offers of $250,000 (Rs 1.55 crore, all-inclusive) to students at IIT-Bombay, IIT-Kharagpur and IIT-Delhi.
A student at one of the IITs who bagged an offer from Oracle said it was communicated to him that he would get a $100,000 base pay, $15,000 joining bonus and $10,000 relocation allowance.
"I was intimated that over and above this, there was also a stock component which I would get to know in the offer letter," he said.
While IIT-BHU has information on the stock options offered by Google, other placement cells said the search engine giant has not yet communicated the relevant numbers to them. However, they said Google would have a stock component in its package and Microsoft was also likely to have the same. ET could not independently reach out to Google at the time of going to print.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NASA s Orion set to take first step to MarsNasa counts down to human travel to Mars as Orion gets ready for liftoff
AFP
Cape Canaveral, Florida, December 04, 2014
First Published: 08:01 IST(4/12/2014)
print
The Orion spacecraft, designed to carry humans farther in deep space than ever before, is poised to blast off on Thursday in what Nasa hailed as a first step in mankind's journey to Mars.
No astronauts will be on board the capsule when it launches aboard the United States' largest rocket, the Delta IV Heavy made by United Launch Alliance, but engineers will be keenly watching to see how it performs during the four-and-a-half hour flight.
The launch marks the first of a US spacecraft meant to carry people into deep space since the Apollo missions that brought men to the Moon in the 1960s and 1970s.
With no American vehicle to send humans to space since the space shuttle was retired in 2011, some at Nasa said the Orion launch has re-energized the US space program, long constrained by government belt-tightening and forced to rely on costly rides aboard Russian Soyuz spacecraft to reach the International Space Station in low-Earth orbit.
"We haven't had this feeling in awhile, since the end of the shuttle program, (of) launching an American spacecraft from America's soil and beginning something new," said Mike Sarafin, lead flight director at Nasa's Johnson Space Center in Houston.
"While the feeling is familiar and the anticipation of flight is familiar, it is a new mission and there some things that I am sure we are going to learn from this unmanned flight test that will enable us to fly humans into deep space."
Potential future missions for Orion, which is designed to fit four people at a time, include a trip to lasso an asteroid and a journey to Mars by the 2030s.
"Thursday is the beginning of that journey, testing key systems - the riskiest systems I would say for Orion - before we have any people on board," said Mark Geyer, program manager for Orion.
"This is the beginning of exploration," he added.
Launch from Cape Canaveral
The launch at 7:05 am (1205 GMT) from Cape Canaveral, Florida, aims to propel 1.63 million pounds (739,000 kilograms) of spacecraft, rocket and fuel straight to space, where the capsule will make two laps around the Earth before splashing down in the Pacific Ocean.
The first orbit will be about as high as the International Space Station (ISS), which circles at an altitude of about 270 miles (430 kilometres), but the second will soar 15 times higher, to an apogee of 3,600 miles (5,800 kilometres) above the Earth.
The chief contractor of the Orion capsule is Lockheed Martin. The spacecraft was first designed to take humans to the Moon as part of Nasa's Constellation program, which was cancelled by President Barack Obama in 2010, in favour or seeking new destinations in deep space.
The goal is both nebulous and costly, and Nasa has already spent billions of dollars on Orion and the powerful rocket meant to propel it with crew on board, the Space Launch System (SLS).
The first Orion test flight with people on board is scheduled for 2021, but with costs projected to reach $19-22 billion, space analyst Marco Caceres of the Teal Group in Virginia said it could be longer.
"Assuming Congress or one of the next two presidents do not cancel SLS because of its inevitably ballooning costs, it's more likely that the first SLS/Orion manned mission will occur closer to the middle part of the next decade," Caceres said.
Safety first
As Nasa looks beyond the Moon, safety for human explorers is another key problem that has yet to be solved.
"Radiation is one of the biggest challenges for us," Nasa administrator Charles Bolden told an audience of Nasa enthusiasts gathered at Kennedy Space Center for a social media event.
The primary objective of Thursday's test, according to Geyer, is to see how the heat shield performs as it reaches temperatures of 4,000 degrees Fahrenheit (2,200 Celsius) on its high-speed plunge back to Earth at a velocity of 20,000 miles (32,000 kilometres) per hour.
"A part of me hopes that everything is perfect. We land, have high-fives and everybody has a great time," Geyer told reporters.
But he added that the test is designed to find things that go wrong before precious lives are on board.
"We want to discover things that are beyond our modelling capability and beyond our expertise so we can learn it and fix it before we put people on board."
Weather for Thursday's launch was expected to be 70% favourable, with some risk of winds and rain, but Nasa said the two hour, 39-minute launch window gives the team plenty of flexibility to accomplish the launch during the daylight hours.

Other side of the story: Eyewitnesses defend men accused in Rohtak girls  caseRohtak sisters were not molested in bus, claim fresh witnesses
Sat Singh , Hindustan Times  Rohtak, December 03, 2014
First Published: 20:37 IST(3/12/2014) | Last Updated: 14:49 IST(4/12/2014)
Two fresh witnesses have come forward with accounts that could scuttle the sexual harassment charges lodged by two Haryana sisters against three youths.
 
They submitted their affidavits on Wednesday to police in support of the three youths - Kuldeep, Deepak and Mohit - accused of sexually harassing the sisters aboard Haryana Roadway bus on November 28.
 
Five others, some of them claiming to be the passengers on the Haryana Roadway bus in which the incident occurred, also shared their affidavits with reporters and stressed that the men have been wronged.
 
Fracas over seats
TV grab of an eve-teaser getting beaten up by two sisters in a bus in Rohtak, Haryana. (PTI Photo)
In her affidavit, Bimla, a resident of Sonepat district, said, she was waiting for bus at Rohtak bus stand. As soon as the bus reached the counter, she asked two of the boys to get seats for her and another woman who was unwell. When the boys requested the two girls - Aarti and Pooja - to vacate the seat allotted for the ailing woman, they refused and went ballistic. They later belted the boys after heated exchange of words. Another girl accompanying them captured the incident on mobile camera. To save themselves, the two boys jumped off the bus, said Bimla in her affidavit.
Three women passengers from Thanakhurd village, the native place of the sisters, have also given similar statements to the police.
 
Eyewitness account of over month-old video
Two witnesses have also given statements in connection with a month-old video showing the sisters beating up a boy in a Rohtak park .
According to Virender Dhankar and Yogeshwer, residents of Baketa village in Rohtak, they were present at the Huda City Park in Rohtak when the incident happened. The girls abused and tore off a boy’s clothes after he asked them why they were wasting their time in the park instead of attending college. Another girl accompanying them videographed it, he told the police.
 
However, now it seems the job of holding up the girls’ accusation rests entirely on the statements given by the conductor and the bus driver.
According to Labh Singh, the conductor of the Haryana Roadway bus on which the incident occurred: “These girls and boys were arguing over some issue. I asked the girls if they wanted the driver to take the bus to the nearest police station. They refused. After the boys misbehaved with them, they beat them up. I have recorded my statement before police, but I was suspended.”
 
Rohtak superintendent of police Shashank Anand said, “We are trying to finalise the chargesheet. We have recorded the statements of the driver and conductor, who have given statements in support of registration of FIR. We have come to know from media reports that some bus passengers have come forward with affidavits. We will record their statements as per the procedure,” he said.

Opposition unlikely to relent on Sadhvi row as PM Narendra Modi heads to RSPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
The stalemate in Rajya Sabha over the hate speech by Union minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti is expected to continue with the opposition appearing to be in no mood to relent on its demand for her ouster even as the government appealed to it to not disrupt proceedings when the Prime Minister comes to the Upper House.
Tomorrow is the Prime Minister’s day in Rajya Sabha during Question Hour and Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu appealed to the opposition to not disrupt it, saying they can talk out and walk out but “let there be no break out”.
The appeal by the Parliamentary Affairs Minister comes as Rajya Sabha witnessed a virtual wash-out of its proceedings on the second day today amidst no immediate signs of a breakthrough in the impasse with the government having rejected calls for Jyoti to resign from her post.
“The question does not arise at all. There is no question of the minister resigning at all,” Naidu told reporters while also ruling out any apology from Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the row.
Hitting out at the government for causing disruptions in parliamentary proceedings, Naidu charged that it was not behaving responsibly. He said that though the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and its allies had won a massive majority, the opposition is not allowing the House to run.
“They are decimated there but united here,” he said, adding that if opposition parties were so agitated, they should go to police and file a complaint over the remarks by Jyoti.
Seeking to counter Congress, Naidu claimed that leaders like Beni Prasad Verma of the rival party had spoken indecorously about Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee but had never apologised for it.
Congress leader and Rajya Sabha MP Ashwani Kumar said that “unless the Prime Minister assures us that he will take action against her (Jyoti), we will not stay quiet”. The opposition is seeking to corner the government over the issue as the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) dispensation does not have a majority in the Upper House.

Ajiths Yennai Arindhaal teaserreleasedBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:45 am
The teaser of actor Ajith Kumar’s much anticipated Tamil actioner ‘Yennai Arindhaal’ was unveiled Thursday midnight online. It has already crossed 2 lakhs views within a few hours on Youtube.
The film’s director, Gautham Vasudev Menon, took to Twitter to share the teaser. “It’s been a pleasure and a wonderful experience. Thank you Ajith sir. This one is for you,” Gautham tweeted.
In the teaser, Ajith talks about the thin line that divides the good from the evil, and goes on to add that his time has come to choose the side.
The extremely well edited one-minute teaser, which is backed by Harris Jayaraj’s adrenaline-pumping score, also portrays Ajith in his different avatars.
Also starring Trisha Krishnan and Anushka Shetty, “Yennai Arindhaal” is slated for release during Pongal next year.

Barack Obama praises PM Narendra Modi for shaking Indias bureaucratic inertiaBy: Press Trust of India | Washington |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:29 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 2:07 pm
US President Barack Obama on Thursday praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s efforts to shake up the “bureaucratic inertia” in India, less than a month after he described the Indian leader as a “man of action”.
However, Obama said that this was a long-term project and one would have to see how successful Prime Minister Modi is in his efforts.
“Modi has impressed me so far with his willingness to shake up the bureaucratic inertia inside of India. But that is a long-term project and we’ll have to see how successful he is,” Obama told a business roundtable, which was attended by top corporate leaders of the country.
The roundtable was organised to discuss the current economic condition of the US and across the globe.
Last month in Myanmar on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit, Obama in his brief interaction with Modi had told him that he is a “man of action”.
On his return from the 10-day trip to the Asia Pacific region that took him to Beijing, Myanmar and Australia, Obama announced that he has accepted an invitation to be the chief guest at the annual Republic Day Parade in New Delhi on January 26 next year.
In his interaction at the business round table, Obama said the US, over the last six years, has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and the rest of the advanced world combined.
The growth of emerging markets have been slower than anticipated, he noted.
“The overall global picture is people continue to look to America for economic leadership. We need some other engines to be pulling the global economy along and we’re pursuing diplomatic policies and consultations to try to encourage that,” Obama said.
The United States stands out as an economy that is going strong at the moment, he said, adding that is not the case with other countries of the world.
“Japan is contracting in a way that has surprised many analysts and I know surprised Prime Minister Abe. He’s got new elections. There’s a delay in the consumption tax, the second phase of it, that was slated to go into effect. They’re pursuing fairly aggressive monetary policy,” Obama said.
“But I don’t know whether they’re going to be able to pull out of the current variation on what’s been a pretty long-term slump any time soon, and they’ve still got some debt overhang that they’ve got to address,” he said.
Obama pointed out that in Europe, the debate has generally been framed as austerity and prudence promoted by the Germans versus a desire for a looser set of fiscal policies among the southern countries.
“If you look, the truth is, is that Spain, France, to a lesser extent Italy — most of the big countries in the south have been engaging continued…

Ancient India conducted nuke tests  claims ex-Uttarakhand CMA sage in India conducted a nuclear test centuries ago, Uttarakhand's former chief minister Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank has said in Parliament, adding a fresh chapter to a narrative that draws upon faith system.
File photo of Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank. (AFP Photo)
Officially, the world acknowledges India has conducted two sets of nuclear tests - 1974 and 1998. What's more, India spent a long time in nuclear wilderness on account of these tests.
Going by Nishank, the world need not have bothered.
"Today we are talking about nuclear tests. Lakhs of years ago, Sage Kanad had conducted a nuclear test. Our knowledge and science do not lack anything," the Indian Express quoted him as saying in Parliament on Wednesday.
Sage Kanad is believed to have lived around the 2nd century BC.
Nishank, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP from Haridwar, also seconded Prime Minister Narendra Modi's citing of plastic surgery and genetic science with reference to Lord Ganesha getting an elephant trunk and birth of Karna.
"People are raising questions on Modiji's comments on Ganesha's surgery. It was actually a surgery. The science available to us is not available elsewhere in the world… science or knowledge to transplant a severed head existed only in India."
Nishank also batted for astrology, saying it is the topmost science in the world. He said our ancient astrologers dwarfed all other sciences.
The Haridwar MP's comments triggered a protest from Left members even as he said there should be a "proper discussion on it and it should get the respect it deserves".
Nishank's comments are in line with a series of assertions doing the rounds of late; the most notable being from retired school headmaster Dinanath Batra who got American academic Wendy Doniger's book on Hinduism pulped on the grounds that it insulted Hindus.
Batra has written books as well. Earlier this year, the Gujarat government mandated some of them as supplementary reading for its primary and secondary students.
From preaching about ancient India's gurukul style of learning, redrawing the Indian map to include other countries to interpreting history through stories about rishi-munis (sages and seers), dev-daanav (deities and demons) and "heroes" of pre-Independence India, these books try to conform to "Bharatiya sanskriti" (Indian culture).

Dow  S&P End at Record Highs as Cyclical Stocks GainYou are here: Home Market
Dow, S&P End at Record Highs as Cyclical Stocks Gain
Reuters | Updated On: December 04, 2014 07:35 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
New York: US stocks rose on Wednesday, with both the Dow and S&P 500 ending at records, as data pointed to improving conditions in the US services sector, boosting cyclical stocks.
Both the Dow and S&P also ticked to intraday records in a quiet session, with many traders looking ahead to tomorrow's key meeting of the European Central Bank.
Cyclical stocks, tied to the pace of economic growth, led on the day, with industrials, materials and energy all up more than 1 percent. Telecom, utilities and consumer staples declined; all are viewed as defensive plays.
The rise in energy came alongside a 0.8 per cent rise in the price of crude oil. While the sector rose for a third straight day - up 3.2 per cent over that period - it is the only industry group to be negative for 2014.
Cimarex Energy was one of the S&P 500's top gainers, up 5.1 per cent at $108.17. Diamond Offshore rose 3.6 per cent to $31.44.
"Energy is the undervalued sector of the market, but trying to call the bottom of oil prices is like trying to catch a falling knife. There's value to be had, but also might be some more pain along the way," said Joseph Quinlan, chief market strategist at US Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management in New York.
A gauge of growth in the US services sector rose more than expected in November even as its employment component dipped, according to ISM, while Markit's reading of the sector showed growth, though as a slower clip.
Momentum is building for the ECB to launch a program of sovereign-bond buying to boost the bloc's struggling economy, with most signs pointing to March for a decision. The ECB meets on Thursday.
"We're looking for any stimulus, and are vulnerable to no additional actions being taken," said Quinlan, who helps oversee $330 billion in assets. "We'll feel more confident about global prospects if we have a more proactive ECB."
After the market closed, Aeropostale Inc shares dropped 6 per cent to $3 after its third-quarter results.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 33.07 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 17,912.62, the S&P 500 gained 7.78 points, or 0.38 per cent, to 2,074.33 and the Nasdaq Composite added 18.66 points, or 0.39 per cent, to 4,774.47.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,012 to 1,079, for a 1.86-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,674 issues rose and 1,036 fell, for a 1.62-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 113 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 139 new highs and 72 new lows.
About 6.1 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

OPEC won t stop US oil production growthDec 04, 2014, 09.13 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
OPEC won't stop US oil production growth
Saudi Arabia may continue to stay away from cuts even if prices continue to move lower: OPEC's biggest producer now expects Brent crude to stabilize at around USD60 a barrel, which is a level the Saudis could withstand, according to a Dow Jones report Wednesday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
OPEC won't stop US oil production growth
Saudi Arabia may continue to stay away from cuts even if prices continue to move lower: OPEC's biggest producer now expects Brent crude to stabilize at around USD60 a barrel, which is a level the Saudis could withstand, according to a Dow Jones report Wednesday.
Post your opinion here
 
US oil production could increase next year to levels not seen since the 1970s, despite OPEC's efforts to muscle out American shale producers.
While US oil production is predicted to rise by another million barrels a day during 2015 from the current 9 million barrels a day, forecasts are coming down on expectations that OPEC's unwillingness to cut production will keep a lid on prices well into next year. Lower prices limit new drilling and hit high-cost wells first.
Saudi Arabia may continue to stay away from cuts even if prices continue to move lower: OPEC's biggest producer now expects Brent crude to stabilize at around USD60 a barrel, which is a level the Saudis could withstand, according to a Dow Jones report Wednesday.
But analysts say the US industry, which has turned around its fortunes with new technologies in less than a decade, is expected to drill the most-efficient wells, and production will continue to grow—even with lower prices. There is also a gusher of new offshore oil production coming online in the Gulf of Mexico.
The Fed in its Beige Book Wednesday made note of the fact that drilling activity in shale production districts remained steady even with a sharp drop in crude prices. North Dakota showed an increase in November, and the Fed said officials there expect production to continue increasing over the next two years.
Citigroup analysts also expect production to rise, and in 2015, it should be in line with the 1 million barrels a day of production growth this year.
Read More: US energy is growing - and so is US 'power'
"Production is going to continue to grow. Could we see another million barrels a day of growth next year over this year? We happen to think so," said Edward Morse, global head of commodities research at Citigroup. Morse expects an average Brent crude price of USD80 per barrel next year, but if it's lower, he says US oil production could still add 800,000 barrels per day.
The rapid growth of US oil production has helped create a surplus of oil, particularly in the Atlantic Basin, and it has already edged out West African imports the US once relied on.
The expectation is that now with sharply lower prices, some shale wells will no longer be economical, and many that were planned will not be drilled. Already, applications for drilling permits have fallen sharply, down 40 percent to just more than 4,500 in November from October's levels, according to a Reuters report quoting industry data firm DrillingInfo.
Fadel Gheit, senior energy analyst at Oppenheimer, said US shale production will keep growing, but the question is how much, and it will be the price that determines it.
Read More: Private equity bets on energy revolution
"The lowest will be that production will increase by a half million (barrels a day). The highest will be 1.5 million. I would say 600,000 to 700,000 would not be out of line, and we could even have 1 million barrels a day of production growth. Some of these plays will continue because they are cash cows," he said.
Gheit said there are more than 200 companies drilling US shale, and much of the data on their margins and production levels aren't known. He said the price of West Texas Intermediate could remain in the USD70s next year, and conceivably see a much sharper, but temporary drop.
WTI was at about USD67 per barrel Wednesday, 37 percent below its June peak. The latest leg downward came after OPEC last week followed the lead of Saudi Arabia and declined to cut production in order to stabilize prices. Saudi Arabia has said it would not go it alone with production cuts and is aiming instead to hold on to market share during the price slump, while shaking out the weakest producers.
"No matter how low oil prices go, there will be no (shale) production shut in. The cash component (cost) will be, say, USD15, USD20, USD25," Gheit said, noting the expenditure for land and drilling has already been made. "Oil prices will have to go below USD30 for some of these wells to be shut in, and even then the owners need the cash to survive. They will milk the cow until the cow drops dead."
Morse said one factor that could keep the US shale industry drilling is that there are a high number of incomplete wells that could easily be turned into productive wells. He estimates that there are thousands of such wells in Texas, Oklahoma, North Dakota, Ohio and Wyoming.
Read More: Sorry, Iran—lower oil prices are a win for America
"There are a very large number of incomplete wells that have been drilled, and they're the cheapest ones to bring on. So, if companies are going to be strapped for cash, the best way to get cash is to complete wells ... the average for that completion is USD5 a barrel to complete a well that's already been drilled," he said.
Morse said wells are much more efficient than they were just a few years ago.
"Each well currently being drilled in the main shale plays produces more than 550 barrels a day," he said, noting that it was 150 barrels on average just several years ago. Now those wells run for three months before the decline starts, and costs are much lower, at USD35 to USD45 per barrel, in the Bakken of North Dakota and Eagle Ford in Texas.
Gheit said the industry has learned to be more efficient very quickly.
"Only five or six years ago, wells used to take 70, 80, 90 days to compete. Today they take two weeks. That in itself is a huge accomplishment. The same rig instead of drilling one well, can drill four. Companies now know how to drill faster than ever before. They learned it in trial and error. Companies don't need as many rigs to drill as many holes in the ground and that in itself is a cost saving," he said.
Industry production has repeatedly beaten forecasts as wells are drilled, Gheit said. "This is across the industry," he said.
OPEC is unlikely to be able to exert enough pain to stop the shale producers. "They are not staying in place. ... You're not going to stop the shale revolution. The genie is out of the bottle already. You can't put it back in," he said.
But companies will look to reduce costs, and they will cut back on new production. "The question is at what rate (production will grow). Technology will accelerate this rate even if we have lower oil prices. Usually companies become more creative with lower prices," Gheit said.
US oil production has been about 9 million barrels per day in November, and while other analysts may not share expectations for a million barrels, they see continued growth for US production.
Read More: Venezuela's future? 'Barbarity and people looting'
"It's going to keep rising, but at a lower growth rate as we get to the second half of 2015," said Andrew Lipow, president of Lipow Oil Associates. "I think the million barrel increase is going to be revised downward somewhat. ... There are less permits being issued for drilling, but you're just not going to see some of that effect for four months. That's the trajectory."
But Lipow said another 500,000 barrels a day of oil is expected to be produced in the Gulf of Mexico over the next two years, taking production there to 1.9 million barrels a day, a record high level.
Just last month, Hess saw the first flows at its majority-owned Tubular Bells offshore field.
"That's going to be the big surprise. I think the market in general outside of the oil industry thinks that all of a sudden the taps are going to shut and everything's going to be horrible, but that's not going to be the case," said Lipow. "It's the next tranche of investment that won't happen."
Morse expects oil prices to recover with Brent, the international benchmark, averaging USD80 per barrel in the first quarter, and West Texas Intermediate at USD72. His base case is that OPEC should give up and cut production levels in the April and May period. Morse said he expects prices to be supported by seasonal winter demand but then slump, and that could force OPEC's hand in the spring.
If OPEC does not cut production, he expects Brent to fall to USD65 and WTI to fall to USD58.
"The problem for OPEC is if they don't blink, and let's say they do shut down the rate of production growth in the US, and they get a price back to where they like it to be, US production growth starts again," Morse said.
Morse agrees it will be exploration that will be affected by lower prices, and that would shape production growth in the future.
"It will affect the amount of oil in 2017 but not 2015 and 2016," he said.
But then there will be other sources of oil coming online, he said, "Mexico is going to open up and there will be lower prices but nobody can afford not to be in Mexico."
RELATED NEWS

Dow  S&P 500 at records after upbeat Fed reportDow  S&P 500 at records after upbeat Fed report
Markets Live: Sensex jumps 147 points on FII inflowsWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Markets come off record highs; ITC surges 4%Markets come off record highs; ITC surges 4%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 09:32 AM IST
Markets surged in opening trades to hit record highs with the Sensex topping the 28,800 mark but retreated later as traders turned cautious and booked profits at higher levels.
By 9:30, the Sensex was higher by 175 points at 28,618 whereas the Nifty gained by 88 points at 8,625. Sensex and Nifty have hit the fresh record high of 28,809 and 8,627, respectively.
On Wednesday, the total market capitalisation on the Bombay Stock Exchange topped the Rs 100 trillion mark. The total market capitalisation stood at Rs 100,40, 625 crore at close.
Among broader markets, BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are up by almost 0.6%. The markets breadth in BSE remains healthy with 1,009 shares advancing and 338 shares declining.
On the global front, US stocks rose on Wednesday, with both the Dow and S&P 500 ending at records, as data pointed to improving conditions in the US services sector, boosting cyclical stocks.
Both the Dow and S&P also ticked to intraday records in a quiet session, with many traders looking ahead to tomorrow's key meeting of the European Central Bank.
Asian stocks rose on Thursday amid fresh signs of resilience in the US economy, while the euro wallowed near two-year lows before a much-anticipated European Central Bank meeting that could open the door to more stimulus.
Tokyo's Nikkei climbed 0.7%, touching a new seven-year high, with sentiment buoyed by media projections suggesting a strong win for Japanese premier Shinzo Abe's coalition at the Dec 14 election. A victory for Abe could lead to a new mandate for his "Abenomics" policies to revive the economy.
The broader Topix also scaled a six-year peak, adding 0.8% to 1,441.33, with toymaker Tomy jumping 10.0% to its highest since 2011 after announcing a 6.7 billion yen ($55.9 million) share buyback.
Back home, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 391.07 crore yesterday as per provisional data.
On the sectoral front, BSE FMCG index has surged by almost 3% led by ITC. Infact, all the major BSE sectoral indices are trading in positive zone.
ITC is the top Sensex gainer, up by nearly 5%. Other notable gainers are Cipla, ICICI Bank, Hindalco, BHEL, Sesa Sterlite and HUL.
ICICI Bank is up 1% trading ex-stock split today. Shareholders would be entitled to receive five equity shares of nominal value of Rs. 2/- each in lieu of one equity share of nominal value of Rs. 10/- each of the Bank.
Also, the bank is in news on reducing interest rates on retail term deposits along with HDFC Bank.
On the losing side, Sun Pharma, Hero Moto, Coal India, M&M and Wipro have dropped by nearly 1%.
SAIL has slipped by almost 3% as government has decided to kick-start the divestment process from tomorrow by selling 5% of its stake in the steel major.

ITC rises on reports ban on loose cigarettes may be put on holdITC closes 5.44% up on reports plan to ban sale of loose cigarettes may be shelved
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 17:05 IST
The ITC stock was trading higher on media reports that the government's plan to ban sale of loose cigarettes is facing resistance from within the BJP and outside circles.
At 12:45 pm, the stock rose more than 5.29 per cent to Rs 382.20 on the BSE. The stock which is regarded as a defensive bet closed 5.44 per cent higher at Rs 382.75 on the BSE.
News reports say objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations may put the health ministry's proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes on hold.
At a meeting called by Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu, Health Minister J P Nadda assured the MPs that he will look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and industry before taking any policy decision.
Union Ministers besides MPs from two major tobacco- producing states Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, including Ananth Kumar and Nirmala Sitharaman and Mohanbhai Kundaria, were present at the meeting where Nadda was told to address all concerns and not to take any hasty step.
The Parliamentarians were of the view that without providing suitable alternatives to cash crops in tobacco and arecanut-growing areas, farmers should not be penalised by introducing drastic regulatory measures, sources said.

Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge defined a generation: ShekharKapurBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:02 am
Congratulating the cast and crew of romantic blockbuster ‘ Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge ‘ on completing 1000 weeks in theatre, filmmaker Shekhar Kapur said he wished that more such films were made in India.
The YashRaj Film Production starring Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol, which marked Aditya Chopra’s directorial debut, has been playing out in the iconic Maratha Mandir, making it the longest running film in the history of Indian cinema.
It will complete 1000 weeks on December 12.
“‘ Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge ‘ 1000 weeks. Congratulations to Adi Chopra and the whole team. The film defined a generation. Wish they still made films like this. From the heart,” Kapur, who has directed films like’ Bandit Queen’, ‘Mr India’, ‘Elizabeth’, posted on
Twitter.

Enforcement Directorate unearths suspect bank accounts in Burdwan blastcaseBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:57 am
The Enforcement Directorate probing the money laundering aspect in the Burdwan blast case has unearthed a few suspect bank accounts and would probe whether they were linked to terror funding.
“We have got a few account numbers of some unidentified persons while probing the money trail in the Burdwan blast case,” an official said.
The source said the agency had obtained the account numbers of the persons whose identities were yet to be ascertained.
The agency would probe possible links of these accounts to find whether money was used for terror funding.
Early November, the ED had registered a case of money laundering against Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) and several of its recruits in connection with the blast.
The case was registered by the agency based on the FIR filed by the National Investigation Agency and the information provided by it. The NIA is probing the terror angle of the blast which took place in October two.
The source said that accounts of the accused persons named in the FIR were also being probed to ascertain the money trail.
Asked whether the agency had got any clue so far on money raised by Ponzi firms being used for terror funding, the source said no evidence was there as of now.
Soon after the NIA took charge of the probe, a team from the terror funding cell of the agency met ED officials to share information.

US: Anti-discrimination bill to be named aft...Alabama
(Cook came out days after…)
BIRMINGHAM (ALABAMA): Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook , who made headlines in October when he publicly acknowledged being gay, is lending his name to legislation to bar discrimination against state employees on the basis of their sexual orientation in his native Alabama.
Democratic state Representative Patricia Todd, Alabama's sole openly gay lawmaker, said on Wednesday that Apple was initially hesitant about having Cook's name on her bill, which faces steep odds in the Republican-dominated Legislature, but later embraced the idea.
Cook came out days after accepting an Alabama Academy of Honor award in a speech critical of the socially conservative state's lack of progress on rights for gay people.
"Nobody could have scripted this," said Todd, who plans to introduce her bill in the Alabama legislative session beginning in March. "I never in a million years would have expected it."
In the days after Cook disclosed in a magazine essay that he was gay, Todd told reporters she would put his name on a bill to bar discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender school teachers and other state employees.
Todd said she was initially speaking in jest about using Cook's name, but her comments were published and came to the attention of Apple. Todd said she received a call early last month from a company official who expressed concern over Cook's name being attached to such a politically sensitive measure.
Todd said she told the official she would not name the bill after Cook. But after that conversation was reported by BuzzFeed earlier this week, Todd received a call from the company's general counsel, Bruce Sewell, who told her Cook would be delighted to have the bill named after him, she said.
In a statement provided to Reuters, Apple said: "Tim was honored to hear that State Rep. Todd wanted to name an anti-discrimination bill after him, and we're sorry if there was any miscommunication about it. We have a long history of support for LGBT rights and we hope every state will embrace workplace equality for all."
Todd said she hoped Cook could come to the legislature and speak on the bill's behalf, particularly its value in attracting business and talent to the state.
"We have extended the invitation to him, but he is a busy man and of course Apple comes first," she said. "I hope he can fit it into his schedule."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mahindra Scorpio: Level up and live onThe ride is much flatter and more settled, and there’s less pitching and bobbing
TOPICS
automobile
The popular Mahindra Scorpio gets a long-awaited refresh which improves upon nearly all the niggles faced by the outgoing model
The Mahindra Scorpio has been around for more than a decade, and has had its fair share of updates over the years. This new model is seriously improved, and we find out exactly what is new and what’s carried over.
The most important change on this new model is the all-new chassis and suspension system, which will also form the basis of a new generation of cars from Mahindra. The new modular chassis is considerably stiffer than the outgoing frame and it is much safer too. The all-new front suspension is lighter and sports service-free hubs, whilst the new rear axle is now supported by a newly added anti-roll bar. The wheelbase is the same, but the Scorpio now sits on a track that is substantially wider than before.
On the outside, the doors and roof are carried over. Up front, the earlier fan-shaped grille has made way for a more striking and modern one with blade-like chrome slats, and there are projector headlamps with LED daytime-running lights. The 17-inch alloys look great, but the gap in the wheel arches at the rear means the wheels look smaller than they are.
The new car continues to be powered by the 118bhp, 2.2-litre mHawk turbo-diesel engine, and you still get the lower-powered 75bhp CRDe engine for the base variant. Also carried over are ABS-equipped brakes, but M&M has now put in its new 5MT320 five-speed manual gearbox from the Xylo.
The cabin also sees a lot of fresh updates and additions. It gets a new dashboard, lots of features and brand new seats. The dash is a neat, clean and angular design with the top of the dash is finished in matte black and the lower half in a nice shade of beige. The power window switches have been shifted from the centre console to a more handy location on the doors, and the fuel filler cover release is also conveniently located behind the steering wheel. There still are some cheap-looking bits though, like the door handles that feel like they might break off if pulled too firmly, and the plastics too are not up to the mark. Although not up there with the benchmarks, overall quality is a big step up from the earlier Scorpio.
It comes with a six-inch infotainment touchscreen borrowed from the XUV500, an in-built GPS system, temperature and pressure sensors for the tyres, and rear-parking sensors. Some versions also get cruise control and controls mounted on the smaller, sportier steering wheel. The driver’s seat however, brings back memories of the earlier car’s poor ergonomics. There’s no central locking button on the dash and you have to use the lock on the door handle, which is a bit fidgety. Front passengers will miss storage for bottles; there’s one central bottle holder but that space is where you end up keeping your phone or toll change. The narrow front seats are placed too close to the doors, and hence there’s no way you can adjust the driver’s seat comfortably or access stuff from the door pockets without opening the door. The front seats themselves are generously cushioned and quite supportive, although shorter drivers may find an excess of thigh support. Space in the middle row has been improved by slimming down the seats and moving them back a bit to carve out more space. The bench seat itself is now more comfortable too, thanks to good thigh support, a high seating position and a finely adjusted backrest angle. The seats, which extend all the way to the doors, are nice and wide, which makes travelling five up fairly comfortable.
The mHawk engine is mildly retuned and given a different set of gear ratios in this new model. There's a bit of vibration below 1,000rpm, but low-end response is strong as ever and the Scorpio skips forward effortlessly in a way that belies its weight. Spin the engine harder and there’s a corresponding increase in power as well. This sensation of plenty of torque and power carries on if you shift up early. But past 3,800rpm, the engine starts to strain and gets somewhat loud. However, it’s pretty smooth for a big diesel; in fact, it’s the most refined engine in its class. What’s less than perfect is the gearbox, which feels quite notchy and needs an extra shove. The clutch is a bit heavy too, so shifting gears isn’t exactly fun.
Ride and handling sees a big improvement. The new chassis and suspension have made a world of a difference to the dynamics of the car. The car is now pliant at low speeds and that takes the edge out of the bumps and potholes. The ride is also much flatter and more settled, and there’s less pitching and bobbing. It’s when you gain momentum that this softly sprung SUV has more vertical movement. The wider track has also helped make the new Scorpio feel more planted at high speedsThe steering is well weighted and has a decent amount of feel, and this car is now far happier to change direction than before. Yes, you do feel the weight of the tall SUV roll around behind you, and no, you can’t flick it around like a hatchback, but this Scorpio is now so much nicer to drive.
The top-spec S10 trim gets almost as much kit as an XUV500. You get follow-me-home headlamps, tyre pressure warning system, speed alert system, rain and light sensors. It also comes with cruise control, steering-mounted audio controls, a touchscreen infotainment system with GPS, automatic climate control and a height-adjustable driver’s seat.
Mahindra also offers shift-on-fly four-wheel-drive system as a paid option on the S4 and S10 trims; the Scorpio is rear-wheel-drive by default.
The new Mahindra Scorpio has improved in almost all areas. It is better to look at, better to sit in and much nicer to drive. Priced almost the same as the outgoing model, from Rs 7.98-Rs.11.46 lakh, it has what it takes to remain the huge success it has been to date.

Street sees profit booking; Sensex loses early gainsDec 04, 2014, 10.19 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex loses early gains partially, midcaps down
ITC is up 5 percent while Cipla, ONGC, Tata Motors and BHEL are other top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are ICICI Bank, Sun Pharma and Coal India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex loses early gains partially, midcaps down
ITC is up 5 percent while Cipla, ONGC, Tata Motors and BHEL are other top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are ICICI Bank, Sun Pharma and Coal India.
Post your opinion here
08:59
Moneycontrol Bureau
9:50 am Market outlook The Nifty could correct briefly over the next few sessions, but has a strong support level at 8460, says Vineet Bhatnagar, Managing Director, Phillip Capital. Bhatnagar says there is a higher probability of the index moving towards 8630 by the end of this year. He says FIIs are still net long on index futures. Bhatnagar is bullish on banking stocks like Lakshmi Vilas , Federal Bank and City Union in the short term. In the pharma space, he is bullish on IPCA and Ajanta Pharma . Other stocks he is positive on include TCS, ITC, Asian Paints and Marico.
9:30 am Buzzing: Shares of ITC soared 6 percent intraday as the government is unlikely to ban sale of loose cigarettes in near-term. Other cigarette-related stocks like Godfrey Phillips India and VST Industries were up 10 and 6 percent respectively.
A Health Ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations against taking drastic regulatory steps.
At a meeting called by Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu, Health Minister J P Nadda assured the MPs that he will look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and industry before taking any policy decision. Union Ministers besides MPs from two major tobacco-producing states Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, including Ananth Kumar and Nirmala Sitharaman and Mohanbhai Kundaria, were present at the meeting where Nadda was told to address all concerns and not to take any hasty step.
 Don't miss: Monte Carlo IPO opens: Should you subscribe?
The market has opened at all-time high once again. The Sensex is up 282.94 points or 0.9 percent at 28725.65, and the Nifty is up 44.75 points or 0.5 percent at 8582.40. About 510 shares have advanced, 107 shares declined, and 27 shares are unchanged.
ITC is up 5 percent while Cipla, ONGC, Tata Motors and BHEL are other top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are ICICI Bank, Sun Pharma and Coal India.
The Indian rupee opened on flat note at 61.93 in the early trade. It has closed at 61.91 Wednesday. The euro fell to two-year lows on expectations the European Central Bank will be forced to inject even more stimulus to a sputtering euro zone economy.
Mohan Shenoi of Kotak Mahindra Bank said, "Dollar is continuing its rally against major global currencies. RBI appears to be active on both sides of the USD-INR market thereby keeping the currency subdued and rangebound. USD-INR is expected to trade today in a range of 61.70-62 per dollar."
In the US, stocks rallied into the close, with the Dow and S&P 500 ending the day at records amid encouraging economic reports. In Europe, shares closed higher, amid expectations that further European Central Bank stimulus measures would be announced at its policy committee today.
Meanwhile, Asian markets are trading with gains this morning. Nikkei has climbed to yet another 7-year high while the yen weakened to a new seven-year low of 119.89 per USD.
In commodities, Brent crude is hovering near USD 70 per barrel buoyed by positive inventory data. From precious metals space, gold rose above USD 1,200 an ounce, boosted by firmer oil prices that prompted investors to shuffle positions in a volatile market.
RELATED NEWS

Obama praises Modi for shaking India s bureaucratic inertiaDec 04, 2014, 10.08 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Obama praises Modi for shaking India's bureaucratic inertia
In Myanmar on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit, Obama in his brief interaction with Modi had told him that he is a "man of action".
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Obama praises Modi for shaking India's bureaucratic inertia
In Myanmar on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit, Obama in his brief interaction with Modi had told him that he is a "man of action".
Post your opinion here
Excerpts from Bazaar on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
US President Barack Obama on Thursday praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi's efforts to shake up the "bureaucratic inertia" in India, less than a month after he described the Indian leader as a "man of action".
However, Obama said that this was a long-term project and one would have to see how successful Prime Minister Modi is in his efforts.
"Modi has impressed me so far with his willingness to shake up the bureaucratic inertia inside of India. But that is a long-term project and we'll have to see how successful he is," Obama told a business roundtable, which was attended by top corporate leaders of the country.
The roundtable was organised to discuss the current economic condition of the US and across the globe.
In Myanmar on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit, Obama in his brief interaction with Modi had told him that he is a "man of action".
On his return from the 10-day trip to the Asia Pacific region that took him to Beijing, Myanmar and Australia, Obama announced that he has accepted an invitation to be the chief guest at the annual Republic Day Parade in New Delhi on January 26 next year.
In his interaction at the business round table, Obama said the US, over the last six years, has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and the rest of the advanced world combined.
The growth of emerging markets have been slower than anticipated, he noted.
RELATED NEWS

Ambareesh Baliga is bullish on LT  Pidilite  InfosysLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ambareesh Baliga is bullish on L&T, Pidilite, Infosys
Amongst the midcaps, Ambareesh Baliga is very bullish on Pidilite Industries.
Post your opinion here
 
Independent market expert, Ambareesh Baliga is of the view that momentum is still driving stocks and despite them seeing a run up, money is chasing momentum. He expects to see more money going into these momentum stocks.
"Market has its own mind", says Baliga.
He is very bullish on  Larsen and Toubro because of its under performance so far and says one can look at buying it at current levels.
According to him  Infosys could still be bought at Rs 2080 for a target price of Rs 2200.
Amongst the midcaps, he is very bullish on  Pidilite Industries and expects and EPS of Rs 14.50 for FY16. He sees margin expansion for the company because of low raw material prices and says they have the ability to increase prices in case the raw material prices go up.
Although he still likes  Bharat Forge and  Motherson Sumi he does not advice buying fresh into them because they seem to be fully priced at this juncture. However, one can surely hold on to them with a stop loss, he adds.
Similarly, he would not buy  TVS Motor fresh at current levels.
From the divestment bucket, he prefers  ONGC and Coal India .
Following is the transcript of his stock ideas
On  NBCC
There is momentum and despite this sort of gains,  we have seen that money has been chasing momentum. So, because of this news again you will have more money flowing into it and it can still move up further.
On L&T
My picks have been stocks like Larsen & Toubro (L&T) even in the past and I continue suggesting that because again if you notice it’s been a bit of an underperformer. In the same segment Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) which was a very bad underperformer in the last four months, has caught up from Rs 220 it is moved up but this stock hasn’t really moved up in tandem so at these levels one could look at picking it up.
 
On Bharat Forge
I was bullish on both Motherson Sumi and Bharat Forge both have been multibaggers. However at these levels I am fining it very difficult to suggest fresh buying based on fundamental because it is more than fully priced. However momentum is driving it, you just hold on with a stop loss.
On OFS stocks
You really can not trade on the positive side till the Offer for Sale (OFS) is through because these happen at a slight discount and till that happens you have a bit of a pressure on these stocks. However once it is done in OFS possibly I would look at buying Coal India and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) because these are the one where I see a descent move possibly over the next one and a half two years.
On TVS Motor
I would not back these stocks at these levels. We have seen that move up from Rs 30-40 levels to the current levels. It is more than fully priced. It can still move up more but, fresh investment buy at this point of time possible not. Although I had a contrarian bet on Bajaj Auto even that has moved up from the levels which I had recommended. I had recommended at Rs 2,100 levels from there it as moved up but then whatever said and done you have that negative news so even Bajaj Auto at this juncture I will not buy fresh.
Disclosure: "Among the stocks recommended, I have Pidilite and would hold on till it reaches Rs 560-580, says Baliga
RELATED NEWS

Here are some stock picks from Manoj MurlidharanLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are some stock picks from Manoj Murlidharan
Watch the interview of Manoj Murlidharan of Religare Securities with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

Nikkei Leads Asian Shares HigherNikkei Leads Asian Shares Higher
Sensex gains 278 points in early trade; Nifty hits new peakSensex gains 278 points in early trade; Nifty hits new peak
Government to Sell 5% Stake in SAIL on FridayGovernment to Sell 5% Stake in SAIL on Friday
Nifty pares gains post record highs; top bets in focusNifty pares gains post record highs; top bets in focus
Suven Life Sciences Limited Raises INR 200 Cr through a Qualified Institutions PlacementSuven Life Sciences Limited Raises INR 200 Cr through a Qualified Institutions Placement
Sadbhav Engineering hits new high as arm files DRHP for IPOSadbhav Engineering hits new high as arm files DRHP for IPO
Oil prices up on lower US suppliesOil prices up on lower US supplies
Sheer hard work and deep analysis seen in all your post!keep it up!!!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Today i decide otherwise.i am invested in adsl.seems 25 easy this mont...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

True but other national business is still with manaksia  so it will go...Platinum Member
282 Followers
Now it`s locked at UC at 47.25 !!!! During the day and in the days to come we shall come to trade the fair value market price !! Market will be continuously searching for the price !!!
In reply to : totalview message
10.05 AM Dec 4th

It is very strange that my messages are marke offensive by same set of...Gold Member
779 Followers
Indian Solar energy is on the verge of BIG GROWTH. With Mr. Narendra Modi as our Prime Minister, he has shown in Gujarat that how Gujart has become a 24x7 power state in India. This is mainly able to get is via. Solar Energy. He has build various solar projects across canals, barren lands etc. He is going to replicate across India were there vast barren lands available with 365 days of bright sunlight. There hundred of Foreign countries from US,Canada, Swiss, and China who all want to get a foot hold in lucarative Indian Solar Energy markets. They all very well know that it takes time to set up a plants. So many smaller companies are going to be the soft targets for a take-over or equity stakes. Many of local companies are under severe financial pressure. They don`t even have working capital to run the company on a daily basis. Bank`s are not lending any money as they all are sitting heavily on HUGE DEBTS. So they require money. But those companies which can come out during this difficult times will be the leader. For the past 10 years, many company has perished. I will not surprised many companies will be taken over or there could lot of mergers and acquisitions happening. India`s ambitious plan is to provide 24x7x365 days un-interupted power across India till 2019. It`s not easy with coal, hydral power alone. There are lot of issues in Coal sector. Also, Nuclear energy has its own draw backs of safety. So the best option is to stick to Renewable Energy especially Solar Energy as India is one of the best place were there is ample sunlight with almost 365 days of bright sunlight. India is having ambitious target of 1,00,000 MW of renewable energy to meet till 2022. Out of this 70% would be from Solar Energy. Indian Local producers current capacity is JUST 550 MW combined. It is not at all possible to meet the above targets with the help of local producers. That is the reason why India did not implement "ANTI-DUMPING" duty on Foreign Products from China, Taiwan and USA. But on the other side GOI has assured the local players that they will get ample order to meet there capacity. So none of the local players needs worry. They all are sitting on very good order. What else one require. But the biggest problem is not the order. Its the cost of production. Now in International Market Solar Cells/Panels are getting cheaper and cheaper on a daily basis. Our Indian local producers cost of production is high as they all are using outdated technologies and machinery. Now GOI is thinking of importing latest technologies and machinery to be provided to local producers so that they can compete with the world. Also, they are going to bring in big sops in R&D Technology. Also, GOI of India is thinking of providing soft loans to these producers and may ask the bank to provide the same. So in my view this is just the beginning. A long way to happen. Many companies are sitting on huge debts and they don`t even have working capital to meet there daily demands. Please remember that "TAJ MAHAL WAS NOT BUILD IN ONE DAY`...Cheers and all the best.
In reply to : MadonnaB message
7.22 AM Dec 4th

Supreme Court to consider Facebook threats case'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
The Supreme Court is considering the free-speech rights of people who use violent or threatening language on Facebook and other social media.
The justices will hear arguments Monday in the case of a man who was sentenced to nearly four years in prison for posting graphically violent rap lyrics on Facebook about killing his estranged wife, shooting up a class of young children and attacking an FBI agent.
Anthony Elonis says he was just venting his anger over a broken marriage and never meant to threaten anyone.
But his wife didn’t see it that way, and neither did federal prosecutors. A jury convicted Elonis of violating a federal law that makes it a crime to threaten another person. A federal appeals court rejected his claim that his comments were protected by the First Amendment.
Lawyers for Elonis argue that the government must prove he actually intended his comments to threaten others. The government says it doesn’t matter what Elonis intended and that the true test of a threat is whether his words make a reasonable person feel threatened.
One post about his wife said, “There’s one way to love you but a thousand ways to kill you. I’m not going to rest until your body is a mess, soaked in blood and dying from all the little cuts.”
The case has drawn widespread attention from free-speech advocates who say comments on Facebook, Twitter and other social media can be hasty, impulsive and easily misinterpreted. They point out that a message on Facebook intended for a small group could be taken out of context when viewed by a wider audience.
“A statute that proscribes speech without regard to the speaker’s intended meaning runs the risk of punishing protected First Amendment expression simply because it is crudely or zealously expressed,” said a brief from the American Civil Liberties Union and other groups.
So far, most lower courts have rejected that view, ruling that a “true threat” depends on how an objective person perceives the message.
For more than four decades, the Supreme Court has said that “true threats” to harm another person are not protected speech under the First Amendment. But the court has been careful to distinguish threats from protected speech such as “political hyperbole” or “unpleasantly sharp attacks.”
TAGS: Facebook
More from industry
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Boys more relationally aggressive than girlsBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New York |
Posted: December 3, 2014 10:29 am | Updated: December 3, 2014 10:30 am
Contrary to popular belief, tactics such as spreading malicious rumours, social exclusion and rejection to harm or manipulate others are used more often by boys than girls, says a new research.
At every grade level, boys engaged in such relationally aggressive behaviour more often than girls, showed the findings of the study that followed a cohort of students from middle to high school.
“We have books, websites and conferences aimed at stopping girls from being aggressive, as well as a lot of qualitative research on why girls are relationally aggressive,” said lead researcher Pamela Orpinas, professor at the University of Georgia in the US.
“But oddly enough, we do not have enough research on why boys would be relationally aggressive because people have assumed it’s a girl behaviour,” Orpinas added.
The researchers analysed data collected from 620 students.
Students who participated in the study completed yearly surveys, which allowed the researchers to identify and group them in distinct trajectories for relational aggression and victimization as they progressed from grade six to 12.
The researchers found that girls are more likely than boys to be targets of relational aggression.
“Overall, we found relational aggression to be a very common behaviour. Almost all of the students surveyed, 96 percent, had passed a rumour or made a nasty comment about someone over the course of the seven-year study,” Orpinas said.
The findings ultimately emphasise a need to include boys and girls equally in programmes aimed at reducing relational aggression.
The study was published online in the journal Aggressive Behavior.

Sarah Jane Dias  HOTTEST photos!Photo uploaded by Kripa Shah
on Dec 02, 2013 , 04:30 pm
6711 Views  |  4  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Sarah was born in Muscat to Eustace Dias, a marketing manager with Oilfields Supply Centre, and Yolanda Dias. She has a sister, Elena-Rose Dias.
Sarah was born in Muscat to Eustace Dias, a marketing manager with Oilfields Supply Centre, and Yolanda Dias. She has a sister, Elena-Rose Dias.

Tribute: Dev Anand s PRIVATE life in pics!Photo uploaded by Nupur Tripathy
on Sep 25, 2013 , 05:40 pm
10734 Views  |  8  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
The Dev Anand -Suraiya romance began when shooting the film Vidya. While   filming a song on a boat, the boat toppled throwing Suraiya in the water. Dev   Anand came to her rescue but fell in love.
The Dev Anand -Suraiya romance began when shooting the film Vidya. While   filming a song on a boat, the boat toppled throwing Suraiya in the water. Dev   Anand came to her rescue but fell in love.

We will miss you Phil HughesLATEST PHOTOS
Farewell Phillip Hughes
Cricket bats stood silent sentry outside schools and homes, many adorned with messages for their favourite son, as the small Australian town of Macksville came to a standstill on Wednesday for the funeral of Phillip Hughes.
Prev Next
63 cricket bats with Phillip Hughes' milestones are displayed on the SCG field as people gather to watch the funeral service held in Macksville for Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes at the Sydney Cricket Ground on December 3, 2014 in Sydney, Australia. Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away last Thursday, aged 25, as a result of head injuries sustained during the Sheffield Shield match between South Australia and New South Wales at the... more 
63 cricket bats with Phillip Hughes' milestones are displayed on the SCG field as people gather to watch the funeral service held in Macksville for Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes at the Sydney Cricket Ground on December 3, 2014 in Sydney, Australia. Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away last Thursday, aged 25, as a result of head injuries sustained during the Sheffield Shield match between South Australia and New South Wales at the SCG on Tuesday 25th November.  (Photo by Brendon Thorne/Getty Images) less 
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
New Zealand vs Pakistan OD...
Australia vs India, 1st Test
Tue 9 Dec, 2014 5:44 AM IST
Action images from the 1st Test between Australia and India played at Adelaide between December 9-13, 2014. Scores More » Australia vs India, 1st Test
Sri Lanka vs England, 6th ODI
Sat 13 Dec, 2014 1:12 PM IST
Flare Up: Warner vs Indians
Fri 12 Dec, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Virat Kohli had to play peacemaker to the warring Indians and Australians on the fourth day of the Adelaide Test. It all happened in the post-Tea session when David Warner was called back after being bowled off a Varun Aaron no-ball. Having been accorded a huge send off by the bowler, who was obviously … More » Flare Up: Warner vs Indians
5th ODI: Sri Lanka vs England
Fri 12 Dec, 2014 7:18 AM IST
Johnson Hits Kohli: The Bouncer Incident
Thu 11 Dec, 2014 5:48 PM IST
India captain Virat Kohli received a bouncer to his helmet on the first ball of his innings in Adelaide today. Kohli was shaken as was Mitchell Johnson, with memories of Phil Hughes fresh in everyone's minds. Kohli overcame the incident to score a fine hundred. Johnson too bounced back by dismissing … More » Johnson Hits Kohli: The Bouncer Incident
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Cricket Photos of The Week 7.12.14
Mon 8 Dec, 2014 3:58 PM IST
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
Sun 7 Dec, 2014 12:47 PM IST
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]

Six Indian authors in NYT 100 Notable Books of 2014Posted: December 3, 2014 10:52 am
 
Works of five Indian-American and one Indian author figure among 100 Notable Books of 2014 selected by the editors of The New York Times Book Review.
Delhi-born Indian-American author Akhil Sharma’s novel “Family Life” figures in the Fiction & Poetry section. “Sharma’s novel, deeply unnerving and tender at the core, charts a young man’s struggles to grow within a family shattered by tragedy and disoriented by its move from India,” Times said.
Books in nonfiction include “Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End” By Atul Gawande, an American surgeon, author, and public health researcher.
The book is described as “A meditation on living better with age-related frailty, serious illness and approaching death.”
Indian historian and writer Ramachandra Guha makes it to the list with “Gandhi Before India.”
The Times noted “It was as a young lawyer in South Africa that Gandhi forged the philosophy and strategies later put to such effect in India.”
Indian-American writer Vikram Chandra, winner of 1996 Commonwealth Writers’ Prize for Best First Book, is included for “Geek Sublime: The Beauty of Code, the Code of Beauty”.
“With great subtlety and depth, Chandra, who is both a novelist and a programmer, traces the connections between art and technology,” says the Times.
American author and journalist Anand Gopal’s “No Good Men Among The Living: America, the Taliban, and the War Through Afghan Eyes” takes “A devastating look at how we got Afghanistan wrong.”
In “The True American: Murder and Mercy in Texas” by American author and newspaper columnist Anand Giridharadas, “competing visions of the American dream collide in this account of a post-9/11 hate crime and its unlikely reverberations,” according to the Times.

Dhruva Space gears up for launch within two yearsInspired from Isro's Mars mission Dhruva Space gears up for commercial launch within two years
By Malavika Murali , ET Bureau | 3 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
REPRESENTATIVE IMAGE: Dhruva Space sealed a deal with Amsat India, and the grouping will develop radio payloads for the satellite being built by the Bengaluru company.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: A two-year-old startup is aiming to be the first Indian company to design and manufacture satellites as it gears up for a commercial launch within the next two years. Dhruva Space, co-founded by space technologist Sanjay Nekkanti, is developing two satellites that weigh less than 30 kg each — the first one will be a technology demonstrator and the second, a private satellite for the Indian arm of Amateur Radio Operators , a global non-profit body that promotes launch of radio satellites.
On Sunday, Dhruva Space sealed a deal with Amsat India , and the grouping will develop radio payloads for the satellite being built by the Bengaluru company.
"India is the face of future frugal innovation," said Nekkanti, 25, a holder of two masters degrees in space technology and spacecraft instrumentation from Lulea University of Technology in Sweden. "Isro has proved that. It is now our turn to prove that for the private space industry," he said, adding that the inspiration came from Isro's Mars mission.
Dhruva's satellites are expected to be launched on Isro's workhorse Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle . Nekkanti said his team is working closely with the space organisation for design approvals and testing of the satellites. If the process is successful, it will lead to the launch of Dhruva's first satellite in early 2016, with the second following soon after.
"We are building satellites in the 10-100 kg range, which can do the same thing as an 800-kg satellite. This is pure commercial grade," said Abhishek Raju, 30, the chief strategy officer of Dhruva.
"They have made a presentation to us some time back and have been asked to give a formal proposal to Isro," said Mylswamy Annadurai, project director at Isro Satellite Center, Bangalore While there are about 400 private companies that supply components to Isro, Dhruva Space will be the first to develop an entire satellite, according to the company's co-founders.
Dhruva was set up in 2012 by Nekkanti, the CEO, Narayan Prasad, his collegemate, and Raju. The three have firmed up collaborations with several industry organisations, including satellite company Berlin Space Technologies , Saber Astronautics in Australia and launch facilitation firm Earth2Orbit India . They have also roped in several former scientists at Isro as advisors.
Experts are of the view that small satellites are the key to the growth of the private space industry. SpaceWorks Enterprises, a space consultancy in Atlanta, estimates that about 2,750 nano or microsatellites will be launched in the next six years with a 15% increase in the commercial launch market.
"What was space-grade around 30 years ago is now commercial grade, and that's what Dhruva is following.
There, however, needs to be a solid infrastructure for private satellite launches," said KR Sridhara Murthi, a former MD of Isro's commercial arm, Antrix Corporation , and advisor to Dhruva Space.
The company says it uses 3D printing technology, advanced CNC machines and opensource architectures for the final integration of the spacecraft.
Raju said the average budget for a satellite developed by Isro —known for its frugal Mars mission that cost less than a Hollywood blockbuster —is about Rs 200-300 crore. "Unconventional techniques and higher risk do not mean quality compromises," said Raju.
Automatic Identification of Ships, disaster management, pollution monitoring and national security are the priority applications for the company.
Small satellites that weigh less than 100 kg are at present used as experimental functional substitutes for large satellites.
In India, students have built and launched small satellites, including Jugnu, which weighed 3 kg and was built at the IIT-Kanpur. Nekkanti was also part of a team at the SRM University in Chennai which built a 10-kg satellite with guidance from Isro in 2011.

India joins project to build world s largest telescope in USIndia joins project to build world's largest telescope in US
By PTI | 3 Dec, 2014, 02.29AM IST
India today joined the elite group of countries including USA, China and Japan to build the largest telescope in the world.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: India today joined the elite group of countries including USA, China and Japan to build the largest telescope in the world.
The next-generation 30-meter telescope, which is being built at Mount Mauna Kea on an island in Hawaii at a height of 4,050 meter (half the size of Himalayas), is expected to give a major boost to the field of astrophysics and understanding different facets of the Universe.
The agreement was signed at a function held here late this evening in the presence of Union Science and Technology Minister and senior officials of the Department of Science and Technology and Atomic Energy and representatives of the Embassies of China, USA and Japan.
Canada is the fifth country which is expected to sign the agreement soon.
On its part, India will contribute 30 per cent of the amount to the total pool of constructing infrastructure facilities like the access road and buildings while 70 percent will be used in providing high quality sensors and actuators.
Of the Rs 1,300 crore, which India intends to contribute for the project, the S&T will contribute 52 per cent while the DAE will shell out the remaining 48 per cent.

Japan launches H-IIA rocket carrying asteroid probeJapanese asteroid probe sets off on six-year journey
By Reuters | 3 Dec, 2014, 10.46AM IST
0
Share More
The H-IIA rocket will blast a crater in asteroid to collect materials unexposed to millennia of wind & radiation. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: A Japanese space probe named after a falcon blasted off on Wednesday, setting off on a six-year round trip to an asteroid for samples that scientists hope will help reveal the origins of life.
The launch of the Hayabusa 2, postponed twice because of bad weather, comes less than a month after a European Space Agency probe landed on a comet in a pioneering mission.
Hayabusa means peregrine falcon in Japanese.
The probe will map the surface of the asteroid before touching down, deploying small explosives to blast a crater and then collect resulting debris.
Asteroids are believed to have formed at the dawn of the solar system and the probe's target is one called 1999 JU3, which scientists believe contains organic matter that may have contributed to life on Earth.
The probe is expected to arrive at the asteroid in mid-2018 and return with samples in 2020, the year that Tokyo hosts the Summer Olympic Games.
The mission should help Japan's space programme put a troubled past well behind it.
The first Hayabusa probe was unable to collect as much material as hoped but still made history by being the first vessel to bring back samples from an asteroid. Its seven-year mission ended in 2010 when it blazed a trail over Australian before slamming into the desert.
Both probes were developed by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency.
The first Hayabusa probe was launched on the domestically developed H-2A rocket, as was Hayabusa 2. In 2003, an H-2A rocket carrying two spy satellites veered off course and had to be destroyed.
The Hayabusa 2 launch was first scheduled for Nov. 30 but delayed twice by bad weather. The last chance for a successful launch before 2016 would have been Dec 7.
The European Space Agency's Philae probe finished a 57-hour mission on the surface of a comet on Nov. 15, but lost battery power due to landing in a spot shielded from the sun it needed to charge the battery for an extended mission.

Over 10% IIT graduates likely to join startups this yearCodeNation
("Students rate these companies…)
MUMBAI: At least one in every 9 students graduating from the 2015 batch across IITs is likely to join an ecomm firm/startup.
Data collated on Tuesday (day 2 of placement season) from prominent recruiters as well as campus placement cells at many IITs suggests that ecommerce firms/startups will roll out a minimum of 1,000-1,200 offers during the next 3-4 months of placements.
About 9,000 students will graduate out of 16 IITs this year.
Four big players — Flipkart (200-220), Ola-Cabs (200), Snapdeal (100-plus) and Housing.com (100-150) — alone will make around 670 offers at IIT campuses. These four companies hired only 213 grads last year — a 215% increase this year.Acombination of the hectic startup activity — an estimated 800 ventures launched every year — and billions of dollars pumped into consumer Internet ventures from big names like Tiger Global and SoftBank have contributed to this huge surge in hiring.
"Our growth plans are so aggressive that we need top talent to drive growth. Our hiring plans are a function of the pace at which we are growing," said Saurabh Nigam, VP-HR, Snapdeal.
Snapdeal has quadrupled its hiring targets from the IITs this year.
Ola is visiting the IITs at Delhi , Kanpur, Madras and Bombay and plans a 10-fold hiring increase from year last. "We are expanding aggressively into newer cities and going deeper in cities we are already present.
Continuous influx of great talent can help us grow faster and smarter," Anand Subramanian, director - marketing communication, said.
Several other startups, including CodeNation , TaxiForSure , Indus Insights, LimeRoad, Knowlarity Communications, Fuzzy Logix, Vizury and BrowserStack among others, are planning to hire anywhere between 10 and 50 students each across IITs. "Students are excited by these companies, for their work culture, the independence and even the compensation structure," says Parth Vaswani, overall placement coordinator, IITKanpur.
"For many, they probably rank right behind the software sector in terms of the pecking order," he says.
Several of these companies also recruit for IT-software roles.
Vaswani expects at least 150 such offers this year compared to 60-odd last year.
At IIT-Bombay, around 60-70 companies -- almost 20% of the total that have signed up so far --fall in the ecommerce/startup bracket.
Students rate these companies highly, which is why several of them get slotted in the first few days of campus placement, Mohak Mehta, BTech student representative for IIT-Bombay said.
Across IITs, these ecommerce/startup companies are hiring across a variety of roles for salaries that range between Rs 10-18 lakh, going up to a maximum of Rs 24 lakh from the likes of Code-Nation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Global demand for Indian Chartered Accountants: ICAI chiefChartered Accountants
("We want more youngsters…)
KOCHI: With India set to usher in a new era of accounting reforms with the adoption of new Indian Accounting Standards converged with International Financial Reporting Standards, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India forsees a global demand for Indian CAs.
The new standards are to be converged with IFRS from 2015-16 on a voluntary basis and from 2016-17 mandatorily, and the ICAI was fully geared to facilitate the process in the country, its President K Raghu told reporters here.
The institute has already started a nation-wide exhaustive exercise to train members in the new standards, he said. There was huge demand for CAs in the country, he said adding there was lot of demand for chartered accountants in IT, Retail and Telecom sectors.
With Globalisation unfolding new vistas of opportunities, the ICAI has prepared Career E-kits for various countries. "We want more youngsters to choose global careers. There are lot of opportunities in countries like Singapore ," he said.
There were plans to come with a new curriculum for CAs as per industry expectations and global demands. The draft of the curriculum had been approved, he said adding it was expected to be introduced by 2016. The curriculum is renewed every 10 years.
Four new certificate courses to promote specialisation has been introduced recently to help members build new skill sets.
These include courses on 'Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), 'Financial Markets and Securities Laws, Wealth Management and Financial Planning and 'Information Systems security'.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Radio taxis seek simpler digital payment norms from RBIRadio taxis seek simpler digital payment norms from RBI
Harsimran Julka & Madhav Chanchani, ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Digital Payment
(Companies want end to two-step…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Top radio taxi operators such as Meru, Mega Cabs and Easy Cabs have approached the Reserve Bank of India, seeking easier digital payment norms for taxi commuters who typically pay small amounts, backing a demand from rivals such as Uber and Ola Cabs.
Under the umbrella of Radio Taxi Association of India , they have urged the central bank to do away with two-factor authentication for small taxi fares of Rs 500-1,000.
"A lot of countries don't require two-factor authentication for small amounts," said Kunal Lalani, president of the association and CEO of Mega Cabs that operates over 2,500 cars in the country.
Interestingly, earlier this year the same association had approached RBI for clarification on how San Francisco-based Uber was operating in India without a two-step authentication.
But now all top radio taxi operators have mobile apps with which customers can book and pay for rides. They want RBI to let taxi service providers operate digital wallets without the need for payment gateways in between.
"We have suggested to RBI to let us start and operate semi-closed wallets which can then be used to buy other things as well," said Siddharth Pahwa, CEO and founder of Meru Cabs, which earned gross revenues of over Rs 420 crore, last year, mostly in cash payments.
The taxi association, which has 10 members including TabCab and QuickCabs, also appealed to RBI to allow them to offer overdraft facility up to a certain amount to passengers who overshoot wallet limits during a ride. "Customers won't wish to haggle with taxi drivers for small amounts if their wallet balance is low. It's a small risk and we can take that," said Rajiv K Vij, MD and CEO of Carzonrent that operates Easy Cabs and has a turnover of over Rs 300 crore.
Uber offers Indian customers a facility to overshoot taxi bills, though one can book a new ride only after settling previous bills.
India's unorganised taxi market is estimated at $6-8 billion (approximately Rs 37,200-49,600 crore) with about 600,000 commercial vehicles.
Uber, which now asks all consumers to pay through a mobile wallet in keeping with norms laid down by the central bank, too had said the two-factor authentication is an antiquated solution cumbersome for consumers and stifling for businesses. "We believe this is unnecessary and burdensome and have engaged in constructive discussions with the RBI," it said in a post on its India blog.
Taxi service aggregators like Uber, Ola Cabs and TaxiForSure are not part of the radio taxi association. They claim to be an application and not a radio taxi operator, which has to take licences from each state to operate.
Meanwhile, payment solution providers are working around a solution that can auto-read one-time passwords SMSed to users when they pay taxi fare through the app.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI denies more time  Uber says it will complyRBI denies more time, Uber says it will comply
ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Mobile wallet
(The Reserve Bank of India…)
MUMBAI: Taxi aggregator Uber said it would comply with payment norms after the Reserve Bank of India refused to extend the time it had given the company to do so. Uber had asked for another 45 days after having been given an extra month by Reserve Bank of India , which ended November 30. A person familiar with the discussions said the company might have faced regulatory action if it had failed to comply with the payment norms of Reserve Bank of India.
A day after the deadline ended, Uber said it would follow the regulator's order, which calls for the implementation of socalled two-factor verification, which is aimed at preventing card fraud.
"Today, Uber has complied with the RBI August 22, 2014 circular requiring every credit card transaction made with an Indian credit card to include two-factor authentication,'' the company said on its website.
"While we believe this requirement is unnecessary and burdensome, we have engaged in constructive discussions with the Reserve Bank of India and are committed to working with the Indian government to advance regulations that support innovation and job creation.''
Ubers users had been able to avoid the system as the payment gateway was located overseas. This meant that customers only needed to enter their credit card details once. Charges would deducted automatically at the end of rides.
The Reserve Bank of India insisted that Uber would have to abide by local regulations, which prompted it to tie up mobile wallet company Paytm .
Governor Raghuram Rajan said that even if an innovation is consumer friendly, it wouldn't be allowed to continue if it violated the rules. "Rule of law means we should enforce the rules on the books, not allow them to be violated just because the innovation is cool," Rajan had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber signs Latin America tie-up with Slim s America MovilAmerica Movil
(Uber Inc has signed a deal…)
MEXICO CITY: Uber Inc has signed a deal with billionaire Carlos Slim's America Movil to bring its app, which allows users to summon a car on their smartphones, to new customers in Latin America in a move it says could be a model for other regions.
Starting on Tuesday, the Uber app will be promoted on millions of Android phones that use telecoms company America Movil as their carrier, including 10 million in Mexico, Uber said.
Customers will get a 150 peso ($10.64) discount on their first ride, and Uber drivers in Mexico will get discounts on packages with Telcel, America Movil's wireless firm in the country.
Uber signed a similar deal earlier this year with US carrier AT&T. Uber said on Tuesday that it is working to expand the deal with America Movil to other sectors, and that the partnership could serve as a model in other regions.
America Movil, controlled by the family of Carlos Slim, the world's second richest man according to Forbes, has around 241 million wireless subscribers in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The company does not break down which subscribers use smartphones.
Around 42.9 per cent of mobiles in Mexico, where Uber started its Latin America operation last year, were smartphones in mid-2014, the Competitive Intelligence Unit said in October.
Uber Latin America spokeswoman Ana Paula Blanco said the company did not pay America Movil for the deal, but that it was the beginning of a "relationship" between the two companies.
America Movil did not immediately return a request for comment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Quikr to shift from Mumbai to start-up hub BengaluruBengaluru
(The six-year-old company,…)
MUMBAI: Classifieds portal Quikr is moving its headquarters to Bengaluru from Mumbai to hasten the expansion of its technology team, becoming the latest in a line of companies that have migrated from the country's financial capital to the tech and start-up hub. "We want to double our tech and product team. It would have probably taken us 18-24 months in Mumbai, but in Bangalore we should be able to grow quicker," said Pranay Chulet , founder and CEO of Quikr.
The six-year-old company, which competes with South African media conglomerate Naspers' OLX in India, will make the transition over the next six months. It will, however, continue to keep 600 of its 800 Mumbai employees in the city. At its office in Bengaluru, Quikr plans to ramp up staff strength to 600 from 150 at present, with a bulk of fresh hires in the technology team.
"We are hungry for growth and its hard find technology professionals in Mumbai," said Chulet, an IIT and IIM alumnus.
Some of the other companies that have moved base to Bengaluru include online taxi booking firm Ola and online mobile recharge player FreeCharge. Joining them in by January will be two-year-old payment startup Instamojo.com. "We had an option of Bangalore or Pune, which is more of a satellite city to Mumbai. Bangalore houses most engineers from older generation platform companies like Akamai, Yahoo! and it makes a logical sense for us," said Instamojo cofounder and CEO Sampad Swain, whose company recently raised funding from Kalaari Capital .
FreeCharge decided to move base to Bengaluru last year for easy access to the city's tech and product talent pool. "Talent from other cities are averse to move to Mumbai due to cost of living and quality of life," said Kunal Shah , co-founder of FreeCharge. Online taxi booking firm Ola moved to the tech capital in mid-2012 as it was home to tech talent and also became the company's biggest market.
According to experts, while it does not bode well that startups like Quikr should leave Mumbai, it has been happening for tech companies for decades.
"Unfortunately, it is the reality of times, but Mumbai needs to buck up and keep businesses like Quikr in their fold. Around 20 years ago, Mumbai lost Wipro because best companies don't wait for things to improve," said Sasha Mirchandani, MD of Kae Capital, an angel investor in startups.
According to Quikr's Chulet, the shift is not a cost-cutting move to get cheaper talent, but a growthoriented one. The portal has raised over Rs 900 crore in funding this year from a list of investors that includes Tiger Global, Kinnevik, Matrix Partners India, Omidyar Network, Nokia Growth Partners, Norwest Venture Partners, Warburg Pincus and eBay Inc.
Other also agree, saying salaries in Bangalore are actually higher by 20-40% for top engineering talent.
"We have to compete with top global internet companies as well for talent," said Instamojo's Swain, who is ramping up his engineering team from 10 to 50 in the next six to 12 months.
According to experts, Mumbai can retain fast-growing startups by providing infrastructure as campuses need space. "Equally important is the fact that they need talent and enabling environment for students to stay back in Mumbai with affordable housing," said Mirchandani.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ten startup projects that were ahead of time10 startup projects that were ahead of time
ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 11.05AM IST
Tags:
Aeolipile
(There were many ancient…)
In 1901, in the wreckage of a Greek ship, explorers found the world's oldest computer. According to latest findings, released last week, Antikythera Mechanism is dated back to 205 BC.
The mechanism that could predict lunar and solar eclipses ran on 30 bronze gears placed in a wooden box. But this wasn't the only ancient mechanical marvels that were way ahead of their time.
Asha Menon lists some of them:
Robot Servant
(3RD CENTURY BC)
Budgee, the helper robot, melted a few hearts at a robotics event this year in Boston. But his goofy look is a striking contrast to his earliest ancestor, Philon's stately Greek robot, which could refill and mix water in a wine glass. Place an empty wine glass in the Greek's left hand and it would refill it from the wine holder in the right. It worked air pipes, tubes, containers and springs to perform this task.
Archimedes Claw or the Iron Hand
(AROUND 220 BC)
In 214 BC, when the Roman naval fleet approached Syracuse with 60 of its famed quinqueremes, which were the heaviest warships of the time that required 90 oars on each side, a massive claw lifted from under the sea and tossed them away and about.
Burning Mirrors
(214-212 BC)
Remember burning little bits of paper by focussing sun's rays on them?
Syracuse did that to warships. They focussed heat rays on invading ships with copper and bronze mirrors. In 1973, when an experiment recreated the effect, pointing 70 mirrors at a model of a warship that was 50 metres away, the ship burst into flames -in a few seconds.
King Tut's chariot
(1323 BC)
It has been often been compared to a modern day Ferrari for its design and performance, combining kinematics and lubrication. It had a design that could absorb shock during racing (including the flexible wood rim), wheels that could be changed within a minute and spokes made from elastic wood to absorb soil irregularities (much like modern day suspension).
Archimedes Screw
(287 BC-212 BC)
In 2001, John Burland used a large, screw-like contraption to correct the lean of the Leaning Tower of Pisa. This was designed centuries ago by Archimedes to remove excess water from the hull of a ship, which was designed for luxury travel of about 600 people. A revolving screw inside a cylinder helps move water from a lower plane to a higher plane. Today it is even used used for irrigation.
Prefabricated Forts
(220 BC)
Prefab homes now come with futuristic designs, but they were earlier designed by Akbar in the 16th C. But Romans predated this too, they erected prefabricated forts! They standardised the size of their forts, made manuals and carried timber, of specified dimensions, with grooves cut into them. Speed won wars.
Vending Machine
(IN FIRST CENTURY AD)
Slot machines today dispense carbonated drinks, mostly.However, the concept of these machines started with dispensing holy water.Heron of Alexandria designed such a machine. Drop a coin and the weight of it would keep the lever (which opened a valve) down. So the weight of the coin determined how much water (holy water, then) would be given.
  Automatic Theatre
(10-70 AD)
Today stage automation involves specialised software or radio-controlled machinery and millions of dollars. In the first century, Greek (again) mathematician and engineer Heron pioneered the concept with mechanics. He carefully timed and weighted the movement of threads with axles and reels. With this miniature theatre, he told the tragic tale of Ajax who leads a Greek fleet after the Trojan War.
Water clocks
Different people have different dates of their origin, some even trace it back to 4,000 BC in China. India too had one in Nalanda (Fifth Century), which measured four hours of daylight and four hours of night time. It consisted of a copper bowl, placed into a larger bowl. Water was fed into the inside one through a hole at the bottom, as time passes its water level would rise.
Aeolipile
(IST AD)
It is Heron's most notable invention. It is the first steam engine turbine.Sphere attached to two hollow tubes rotates as steam passes through the tubes. Steam is produced from a cauldron of boiling water below the sphere.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How startups are making software more appealing for end usersConsumerisation of IT spells good fortune for startups
Krithika Krishnamurthy, ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 11.15AM IST
Tags:
end users
(Enterprise software is…)
BENGALURU: Chennai-based software maker Zoho is focused on making its products more intuitive and appealing to end users amid a growing trend of no longer treating business software as a utilitarian product but one that can work across personal devices that employees bring to the office.
"There have been so many instances that people sign up independent of their corporate policy," said Sridhar Vembu, chief executive of Zoho, which competes with some of the largest enterprise software makers such as Microsoft and Google.
Over the past four years, the company has learned to consciously think about design so that its suite of enterprise software comes with a friendly, easy-to-use interface.
This phenomenon of consumerisation of IT - where enterprises are coping with changes brought on by end consumers and tech-savvy employees - is in turn benefiting start-ups that are primed for this transformation.
"Every CIO's top agenda today is to do something with start-ups," said Lalit Ahuja, co-founder of Kyron accelerator and former managing director of the Indian arm of US-based Target Corp.
Thanks to mobility and cloud, large enterprises are trying to appeal to and make themselves visible to their end consumer.
"Enterprise software is beginning to become cool. That's the new mantra," said Virender Aggarwal, CEO of Ramco Systems. "Phones can support so many apps, employees demand cool software for internal IT teams," said Aggarwal, whose company is working with several start-ups to augment its everyday IT needs.
Gone are the days when enterprises would buy licences for software, install them on each system and spend a few days training employees to work on it. The intuitive interface and the subscription-based services of cloud-based products and services have eliminated it all.
"Start-ups have now started enterprise grade software, robust in quality and security," said Jayant Kolla, analyst at Convergence Catalyst.
Being mobile-first economies that skipped the desktop era, the leaders in the consumerisation trend are China and India, followed by Brazil and Mexico, according to the US-based Burrus Research.
Consumerisation of IT can help not just start-ups but is imperative to enterprises as well, according to experts.
"Additionally, your Gen-Y and Gen-X employees are very techno-savvy and need to use what they consider to be the newest devices so they can feel empowered," said Daniel Burrus, CEO of Burrus research, adding that better communication, collaboration and greater satisfaction of the workforce can be achieved through consumerisation of IT.
Earlier this year, VMWare acquired AirWatch for $1.54 billion (about Rs 9,537 crore), to help professionals seamlessly access their private cloud from a multitude of devices.
But with mobility comes the threat of security of data. Two-year-old i7 Networks, which sells security solutions for the BYOD age, has bagged Aditya Birla group, online bus ticketing service Redbus and IT firm Happiest Minds as his customers. "The IT teams have no control over what devices employees bring," said CEO Manjunath Gowda, whose company is growing at 50% every year and expects revenue of $1 million (about Rs 6 crore) in the next two years.
Previously, IT companies in India moved slow on technology, laying a greater emphasis on robustness than efficiency. "Now, we're past that stage. Companies want efficiency; products that will give them an edge over their competitors," said Akilesh Tuteja , an analyst at professional services firm KPMG. "And start-ups are best positioned to do that."
"There have been so many instances that people sign up independent of their corporate policy," said Sridhar Vembu, chief executive of Zoho, which competes with some of the largest enterprise software makers such as Microsoft and Google.
Over the past four years, the company has learned to consciously think about design so that its suite of enterprise software comes with a friendly, easy-to-use interface.
This phenomenon of consumerisation of IT - where enterprises are coping with changes brought on by end consumers and tech-savvy employees - is in turn benefiting startups that are primed for this transformation.
"Every CIO's top agenda today is to do something with startups," said Lalit Ahuja, co-founder of Kyron accelerator and former managing director of the Indian arm of US-based Target Corp.
Thanks to mobility and cloud, large enterprises are trying to appeal to and make themselves visible to their end consumer.
"Enterprise software is beginning to become cool. That's the new mantra," said Virender Aggarwal, CEO of Ramco Systems. "Phones can support so many apps, employees demand cool software for internal IT teams," said Aggarwal, whose company is working with several startups to augment its everyday IT needs.

Don t ignore cancer symptomsBy: Indo-Asian News Service | London |
Posted: December 3, 2014 12:26 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 5:14 pm
Perhaps driven by fear, people often prefer to dismissing potential warning signs of cancer, thereby putting their lives at risk, says a study.
In the study involving 1,700 people, more than half (53 percent) said they had experienced at least one red-flag cancer ‘alarm’ symptom during the previous three months, but only two percent of them thought that cancer was a possible cause, the findings showed.
The results showed that people rarely attributed potential signs of cancer to the disease, putting them down to other reasons instead, such as age, infection, arthritis, piles and cysts.
“Most people with potential warning symptoms don’t have cancer, but some will and others may have other diseases that would benefit from early attention,” said lead study author Katriina Whitaker, senior research fellow at University College London.
“That is why it is important that these symptoms are checked out, especially if they do not go away. But people could delay seeing a doctor if they do not acknowledge cancer as a possible cause,” Whitaker added.
The researchers found that even the more obvious warning symptoms, such as unexplained lumps or changes to the appearance of a mole, were rarely attributed to cancer, although they are often well recognised in surveys that assess the public’s knowledge of the disease.
“Most cancers are picked up through people going to their doctors about symptoms. This study indicates that opportunities for early diagnosis are being missed,” said Sara Hiom, director of early diagnosis at Cancer Research UK.
The findings appeared in the journal PLOS ONE.

Future iPhones to mimic cats  could rotate mid-flight to prevent damage when dropped31
2
New York: The next time your iPhone is about to fall onto the ground, it might just rotate in mid-air and save itself from damage.
Apple has been granted a patent for a futuristic iPhone protection system that recognises when an iPhone is dropped. The device then calculates the point of impact and shifts the phone's centre of gravity to save sensitive components, Appleinsider reported.
Developed by Nicholas V King and Fletcher Rothkopf, the system will rely on sensors to monitor physical device activity and positioning.
Apple has been granted a patent for a futuristic iPhone protection system that recognises when an iPhone is dropped.
#apple #iphone #apple patent
The latest iPhone and iPad models already come fitted with accelerometers, gyroscopes and GPS which will also be used to full effect.
The data from these sensors will go to a central processing unit while the phone is in free fall.
A motor will then apply a force inside the phone and cause it to land on a preferred site, such as its side or back.
Other components in the device are miniature gas canisters and sliding weights that move internally to save the phone from damage, the report added.
103

Twitter introduces Instagram-style photo filters16
0
New York: Micro-blogging site Twitter has now given its users more control of their photos. The Twitter app for iOS and Android devices has replaced its photo filter grid with an easier to use Instagram-style row of adjustable filters.
Double tapping the filters shows an intensity slider that shows thumbnails of how photos will look like, Techcrunch reported. The new filter system will roll out to all iOS and Android users.
The option is exactly like Instagram's filter selector. The intensity of the filters can be adjusted with a slider that is revealed by a double tap.
Double tapping the filters shows an intensity slider that shows thumbnails of how photos will look like. ( Twitter , via Shutterstock)
The option is the latest similarity between between Facebook and Twitter.
Facebook recently launched hashtags and trending topics and Twitter has launched a News Feed-like option.
2

Sensex ends flat; CNX Midcap Index at record closing highDec 03, 2014, 03.42 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex ends flat; CNX Midcap Index at record closing high
Bajaj Electricals, Havells and Surya Roshni surged between 5-17 percent on a CNBC Awaaz exclusive news that all government offices and municipal corporations will have LED lights.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex ends flat; CNX Midcap Index at record closing high
Bajaj Electricals, Havells and Surya Roshni surged between 5-17 percent on a CNBC Awaaz exclusive news that all government offices and municipal corporations will have LED lights.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30pm Market Closing
Equity benchmarks closed flat amid consolidation on Wednesday but the broader markets outperformed frontline indices. In fact, the CNX Midcap index ended at record closing high, up 1.5 percent.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell 1.30 points to 28442.71 while the 50-share NSE Nifty rose 12.95 points to 8537.65. About 1926 shares have advanced, 1088 shares declined, and 117 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
 
Shares of ONGC, Cipla, BHEL, HUL, NTPC, Jindal Steel and Asian Paints topped the buying list, up 2-8 percent while Dr Reddy's Labs, HDFC, Bharti Airtel, Hindalco Industries, HDFC Bank and Zee Entertainment fell 1-2.5 percent.
Eicher and Bajaj FinServ were top contributors to midcap gain while major gainers on midcap index were Financial Technologies, Suzlon and Sun TV Network.
03:15pm Construction stocks in News
The government eased FDI rules for construction sector and DIPP releases press note on FDI in construction development. IVRCL, HCC, NBCC and NCC gained 5-10 percent.
02:55pm SAIL OFS on Friday?
The government will conduct SAIL's offer for sale (OFS) on Friday, reports CNBC-TV18 quoting unnamed sources.
Ministers' panel will meet tomorrow to fix floor price, say sources, adding there are no plans of the government to offer heavy discount to institutional investors.
CNBC-TV18 learnt that the government may provide limited discounts to retail investors and will communicate to stock exchanges today on OFS timeline.
02:30pm BHEL, ONGC in focus
BHEL has successfully developed, manufactured and commissioned India's first phase shifting transformer Kothagudem Thermal Power Station in Telegana. The stock gained 2.5 percent.
State-run oil & gas explorer ONGC climbed over 3 percent after agencies report indicated that the government is considering reworking company's subsidy formula. According to the report, reworking subsidy formula could improve ONGC profitability.
Another state-run company Oil India also saw buying interest, up 1 percent.
02:25pm RBI comfortable with current account deficit
The Reserve Bank of India is "reasonably comfortable" with the current account deficit because of lower oil prices, deputy governor HR Khan said, after the country last week unexpectedly eased some rules on gold imports.
"We are reasonably comfortable from the current account point of view because of oil," Khan told reporters in the sidelines of an event in Mumbai.
"So taking all that into account, a view has been taken that we'll give up this 80:20 (rule on gold imports)," Khan told reporters.
India on Friday scrapped a rule mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country - in what had been known as the 80:20 rule. India will soon announce the current account deficit for the July-September quarter, reports Reuters.
02:00pm Market Check
The market remained lacklustre in afternoon trade with the Nifty trading in a 20 points range. The index advanced 13 points to 8537.70 and the Sensex rose 11.27 points to 28455.28.
The broader markets maintained strong momentum with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gaining 1.6 percent each. About 1864 shares have advanced, 974 shares declined, and 107 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Midcap auto stocks like Eicher Motors and TVS Motor saw heavy buying interest today after Goldman Sachs resumed coverage on both stocks with a buy. On TVS Goldman has a 12-month target of Rs 345 and on Eicher, a 12-month target of Rs 19,235.
Insurance companies such as Reliance Capital and Max India rallied 4-7 percent on news of FDI in insurance making headway. Reports indicate the Congress has back key reforms measures and the draft report is expected in first 10 days of December after which the panel will approve it and will tabled in the house thereafter.
Bajaj Electricals, Havells and Surya Roshni surged between 5-17 percent on a CNBC Awaaz exclusive news that all government offices and municipal corporations will have LED lights.
However, Pratibha Industries declined 5 percent after Crisil downgraded the company's ratings to negative to reflect the expectation of continuing pressure on the group's financial risk profile. The company told CNBC-TV18 that its net debt is at Rs 1,700 crore and it expects debt to be down by Rs 200-300 crore by end of 2015 via monetisation of non-core assets.
13:00

PDP patron Mufti Sayeed exhorts voters to participate in Assembly pollsBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 3, 2014 7:08 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 7:45 pm
Exhorting electors to participate in voting in the ensuing assembly elections in Srinagar, Opposition PDP patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed on Wednesday said larger participation of the city’s “emancipated” residents would add “credibility and prestige” to the democratic process.
“Srinagar being the intellectual and political nerve centre of the state cannot remain aloof from the urge for
change that is sweeping Jammu and Kashmir and the active participation of Srinagar in the political process for change will add credibility and prestige to it,” Sayeed said.
He was addressing a public meeting in Hazratbal assembly segment in Srinagar to garner support for party candidate Asiya Naqash.
The Peoples Democratic Party patron said the aloofness of Srinagar from the democratic process has resulted in political disempowerment of its people which has led its beneficiaries to take them for granted.
“Elect your representatives through vote and then make them accountable and see how things will start improving. The people of Srinagar owe it to themselves and fellow countrymen, not to let their power determine the state’s destiny be used by default by any party for indulging in exploitative politics,” he said.
He urged the youths of the summer capital of the state to get actively involved in political decision-making to ensure empowerment of the enterprising young population of the city.
“I am sure the realisation has dawned on the citizens of Srinagar that by remaining aloof from the political and
democratic processes, they are causing more harm to themselves than anybody else. Let that not happen this time,” he said.
“Unfortunately Srinagar city has always remained victim of the NC’s systematic neglect and misrule and the party has been only exploiting the historical city for its political gains. The urban chaos and underdevelopment which the city is facing is all because of the rulers who have been calling it their safety structure and safe house,” he said.

Britain has no rights over Hong Kong: ChinaBy: Press Trust of India | Beijing |
Posted: December 3, 2014 4:49 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 4:51 pm
China on Wednesday bluntly told Britain to stay out of Hong Kong pro-democracy protests, asserting that the UK no longer has any right to supervision nor any moral obligation after it handed over the former British colony in 1997.
“Following the return of Hong Kong, the British side has no sovereignty, no administrative power and no right of supervision towards Hong Kong and there is no such thing as moral obligation,” Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying told media.
She was replying to allegations from British lawmakers that China’s denial of visas to UK parliamentarians to visit Hong Kong violated the 1984 agreement with Britain for the handover of its former colony.
“Some people from British side attempt to use the so called moral obligation to mislead the public and interfere in China’s domestic affairs,” Hua said adding that “this kind of unacceptable act is doomed to failure.”
“Hong Kong has already returned to China in 1997. It is Special Administrative Region of China. The 1984 joint statement has clearly specified the obligations and rights of China and (the) UK in terms of the resumption of sovereignty towards Hong Kong and the relevant arrangements in the transitional period,” she said.
China has rebuffed Britain by denying visas to a UK lawmakers’ delegation to visit Hong Kong, which is reeling under an almost two-month-long street protests.
The refusal complicates efforts to reset British-China ties that were plunged into difficulties after Cameron met the Dalai Lama at Downing Street in 2012.
The students-led protests erupted initially as street occupations in September against a new rule brought out by China to screen candidates to contest the 2017 elections for the post of Chief Executive in Hong Kong.
Thousands of students blocked key streets demanding the repeal of the rule and implement the promise to hold the universal suffrage without any conditions by Beijing.
Hua’s comments came as three key leaders of the pro-democracy movement surrendered to police on Wednesday.
Benny Tai, Chan Kin-man and Chu Yiu-ming regarded as the founders of Hong Kong’s Occupy Central movement said they turned themselves to the police as they wanted to take responsibility for protests deemed illegal by authorities.
But after a brief meeting they left without being arrested or charged.
The protests reached a dead-end as China refused any talks on the rollback of the rule to vet the candidates and backed the present Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying.
China, which is wary about the protests spreading to other parts, also denied permission to the leaders of the protesting groups to visit Beijing to meet top Chinese leadership.

Hit and run case: Salman Khan s blood alcohol content found highBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 3, 2014 6:31 pm
The alcohol content in Bollywood actor Salman Khan’s blood was found to be higher than normal when he was made to undergo a test in the infamous 2002 hit and run case, a chemical analysis expert testified in a sessions court here Wednesday.
The permissible level of alcohol content in blood is 30 mg, whereas Salman’s blood contained 62 mg, the expert told the court based on the reports.
Petitioner and advocate Abha Singh told IANS: “Today, Salman’s blood sample reports were presented in the court and as per his reports, his alcohol level in 100 ml blood was found to be 62 mg. Any amount of alcohol found in blood is enough for an offence if you are found driving.”
Salman’s defense lawyer said the blood reports must be cross-examined by a doctor from J J Hospital, revealed Singh, and added: “I think the judge will soon pass an order on that.
“Besides, the RTO of Andheri office area had come (to the court) and the public prosecutor asked him whether the vehicle and its brake were in good condition.”
Efforts are being made to wrap up the case by December end as it has already been delayed a lot, Singh said.
Salman was present for the hearing.
His car had allegedly mowed down five pavement dwellers, killing one and injuring four others in suburban Bandra on Sep 28, 2002.
The actor was exempted by the sessions court from appearing Nov 24, 2014. However, the court examined two prosecution witnesses on the same date. One of them was the manager of a laundry situated at the place where the incident took place.

Sensex closes flat; auto stocks riseDec 03, 2014 at  04:22pm IST
Sensex closes flat; auto stocks rise
4
0
Mumbai: A day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept key interest rates unchanged, a benchmark index of Indian equities markets provisionally closed on Wednesday's trade flat.
The markets which were sluggish during the day's trade, ended on a marginal negative note a day after the RBI kept the key interest rates unchanged in its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review held here.
The 30-scrip Sensitive Index (Sensex) of the S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), which opened at 28,472.32 points, closed at 28,442.71 points (provisionally), down 1.30 points from the previous day's close at 28,444.01 points.
The Sensex touched a high of 28,504.65 points and a low of 28,370.73 points in the day's trade.
#sensex #nifty #mumbai #stock exchange
The Sensex touched a high of 28,504.65 points and a low of 28,370.73 points in the day's trade.
The S&P auto index gained by 255.69 points, capital goods index went up by 156.69 points, and oil and gas index rose by 104.41 points.
However, information technology (IT) index was lower by 21.18 points and TECK index dipped by 9.60 points.
The wider 50-scrip Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also was flat. It was up 12.95 points or 0.15 per cent at 8,537.65 points.
1

CEO Jeff Bezos defends Amazon s flop projects  lack of profitsDec 03, 2014 at 04:27pm IST
CEO Jeff Bezos defends Amazon's flop projects, lack of profits
43
2
New York: Jeff Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon.com Inc, was unapologetic about his twenty-year-old company's lack of profit during a rare public appearance on Tuesday, noting he spends just six hours a year on investor relations.
Bezos also discussed Amazon's acrimonious dispute with publisher Hachette Book Group and his purchase of the Washington Post. He acknowledged that Amazon had a succession plan in place, but remained tight-lipped about the details.
His comments come a day after Moody's Investors Service downgraded its outlook on Amazon to "negative," citing the company's upcoming debt offering and the "lack of visibility" about how the funds would be deployed.
Publishers are in better shape because of e-books, which became popular after Amazon launched the Kindle e-reader in 2007, says Bezos.
#amazon #amazon ceo #jeff bezos #kindle
Investors have grown increasingly unhappy about Amazon's spending and lack of disclosure about future plans. Its shares have fallen more than 18 percent this year, despite a 14 percent rise in the Nasdaq.
Bezos, relaxed in jeans and a gray jacket, defended Amazon's culture as one willing to spend on new projects, even if they flop like its poor-selling Fire phone.
"We are a large company, but we are also still a start-up. There is a lot of volatility in start-ups," Bezos said at a conference organized by the Business Insider blog in New York.
Bezos, an investor in Business Insider, defended Amazon's approach during its drawn-out contract dispute with Hachette, which came to light after Amazon delayed deliveries and removed pre-order options for several Hachette titles. The dispute was settled in November.
Publishers are in better shape because of e-books, which became popular after Amazon launched the Kindle e-reader in 2007, he said, adding that books are still too expensive.
"It's difficult for incumbents who have a sweet thing to embrace change," Bezos said. "Making reading more affordable is not going to make authors less money. ... It's going to make authors more money."
Bezos entered another embattled industry last year when he bought the Washington Post from the Graham family. He was initially surprised when approached about the sale, but said Don Graham convinced him. He plans to turn the Post into a national and international newspaper.
Bezos, 50, also acknowledged that there is a succession plan in place for him and his executives. When asked to reveal the next generation of leadership, he said: "It's a secret.
5

India to beat China  become fastest-growing economy: AmbaniDec 13, 2014, 11.48 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Crude price at $60-70/bbl best for India's billion: Ambani
Talking about the sharp fall in crude prices to USD 73 a barrel, Ambani said it is a combination of political demand and supply. For a country like India that imports 85 percent of its energy requirements, the ideal price should be around USD 60-70/ barrel, the RIL Chairman added.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Crude price at $60-70/bbl best for India's billion: Ambani
Talking about the sharp fall in crude prices to USD 73 a barrel, Ambani said it is a combination of political demand and supply. For a country like India that imports 85 percent of its energy requirements, the ideal price should be around USD 60-70/ barrel, the RIL Chairman added.
Post your opinion here
Special Show
India is all set to beat China and become the fastest-growing economy in a couple of years, says Mukesh Ambani, Chairman of Reliance Industries . Speaking to CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan at an event organised by Brown University in the Capital, Ambani and Brian Moy-Nee-Han, Chairman of Bank of America painted a glorious picture for India.
While, Ambani was gung-ho on India’s prospects, Brian who met PM Narendra Modi sounded upbeat about India’s growth potential under the new government.
Talking about the sharp fall in crude prices to USD 73 a barrel, Ambani said it is a combination of political demand and supply. For a country like India that imports 85 percent of its energy requirements, the ideal price should be around USD 60-70/ barrel, the RIL Chairman added.
Below is the edited transcript of the interview:
Q: What is the one big change that you have seen this government do in the last six months that it has been in office? What would you say, what has been that one big thing, the one standout you believe that changed sentiment so significantly?
A: I believe for all economies, it is confidence. Confidence is the most important element and we have got that back at the individual level and at the institutional level. The overall message from the government too is that the confidence, the spirit of saying yes has come back while the spirit of helplessness and ‘we know what to do but we cannot do it’ – has gone away across all platforms. Confidence is the most important thing and both internal and external confidence has come back to India.
Q: I haven’t heard an entirely convincing argument on what led to the kind of upswing that we saw in crude prices and the collapse that we have seen. As far as crude prices are concerned, shale supremacy, the OPEC wanting to maintain its dominance and supply/demand mismatch in the US; what exactly is going on as far as crude is concerned and where do you see prices headed?
A: On a demand/supply parity, I think that would be marginally oversupplied and the very fact that Saudi Arabia refused to cut in the OPEC - a lot of us in the oil industry watched that John Kerry visited Saudi Arabia many times and there are all kinds of theories doing the round that right now, the economic supremacy is the biggest supremacy. So if you want to teach Iran and Russia and Venezuela, the three countries that rely on oil revenues the most, oil price of USD 65-70 per barrel does it. The Saudis have decided not to cut, which is unusual. Therefore, it is a combination of political demand and supply.
Q: What is the theory you are buying?
A: It is a combination. The theory that I buy is that this is the right price for India and for a billion people, USD 60-70 per barrel is a good price and that is where it should have been. I have always wondered as to why it went to USD 120-130 per barrel. We should also remember that among nations, we are the only part of the world where a billion people live, where we are reliant on 85 percent of our energy on imports.
Q: Do you see prices falling significantly from these levels or do you believe that some stability is going to return to the market? We have seen a slight pullback today but is it here to stay or do you believe we are going to see prices move?
A: I am a big believer in technology and productivity. By and large, if we unleash human talent on a problem, we can solve it. So there will be more shale, we will be able to reduce cost and we will be able to push things. In the long run, we will still find oil and with a robust demand and it should grow. My version of the right price of oil is between USD 65 per barrel and USD 75 per barrel.
Q: The Central Bank moved towards making it easier for companies in the infrastructure space, deal with the problems that the sector has been faced with; where do you see money coming in and which are the sectors that you are most confident about?
A: I always believe that there is a difference between business and charity. You do charity for a purpose but business is always chasing returns so all investments chase returns. Fundamentally, Indian agriculture grew last quarter. Agriculture is a great opportunity, we again have the potential to double our yields. There is enough happening on technology, just like we talked about in the oil business to do the same in agriculture.
Within industry, I take the general industry framework - they are 17 percent of the world’s population where 2 percent in terms of contribution to manufacturing output and now in real terms even in labour cost, we are one-third of China. Across all industry segments, it provides a great opportunity.
I segregate infrastructure as a separate piece; we are perpetually infrastructure short – be it power, telecommunications, energy, those opportunities exist. The challenge there is exactly what Brian Moynihan, Chairman, Bank of America said - how do we create financing and governance structures so that infrastructure is fair to users of infrastructure as well as fair to investors and then finally there is services.
Q: You pre-empted my question and I will come back to services in just a bit. But on the issue of the regulatory overhang faced by the infrastructure sector, the issue of politicising tariffs in this country has been a significant issue as far as infrastructure is concerned. Do you believe that we are moving towards a path where these are going to be less of an issue and we are going to see private sector participation move back into these areas?
A: We need to have mature governance and the recognition that any investment will need fair and transparent returns.
Q: Could it work in the telecom sector?
On telecom, business is primarily driven by technology, and this is becoming faster digital services business. The best way I can say it is - when I had dinner with the CEO of Verizon I told him about opportunities in India and he said, “Okay, in your country you still charge for voice and SMS. We have stopped that long time ago”. If you think about these businesses fundamentally, they are changing so fast and as Brian Moynihan, Chairman, Bank of America said on the impact from 0 to 11 percent - if I ask him three years from now, that 11 percent will become more than 50 percent. So this technology is moving virally, growth is exponential, it is a very fast moving space, power lies in ideas more than entrenched interest.
And on spectrum, human innovation will be so great that within the same spectrum, we will generate 20 times more capacity. Just like I believe that in oil, if we put our head together, we can cut cost. At the end of the day, it is going to be a completely new business model. It is not going to be more of the same that we have been used to. I think that whoever innovates, whoever generates, will win more consumer value in that market place and generating that only once is not good enough, you would have to generate that on a perpetual basis to win the customer. The customer today across the world has and will continue to have unlimited power. So everything is moved to the customer and if you don’t generate value for that, there is no guarantee that you would make returns until you satisfy the customer.
40 years ago, when I joined it, we were about Rs 15-20 crore in revenue and we were a textile business. Over these 40 years, we produced a year-on-year compounded annual return of 25 percent both topline and bottomline, which in the history of the world is unique. When I talk about how we would be different - all through these 40 years, our average age has remained 30. The big difference is that we have achieved what seemed most difficult to do i.e. to have a Reliance management system that is then an independent group of individuals or specific individuals and the process of institution and innovation and creating new growth platforms go on. So that is the transformation that we have just completed and at the end of 40 years and the sectors of the next many decades are going to be different. Some of which we don’t know.
With respect to communications, media and broadband, I feel broadband will take over broadcast and it will be a completely different business. We are making the transition, these are the first 30 years where we have focused, and we had a vision to compete with the rest of the world in core industrial areas. In the 1980s, I felt - why cannot we be better than the Taiwanese and the Koreans in making polyester and selling polyester to the world, why cannot we take on the Shells and Exxons of the world in terms of running the most efficient refineries and take global world share. So I think as Reliance we have done that. Now is the challenge for India and young Indians to build value on the power of ideas.
Q: In terms of future diversification, you are already diversified into retail and now as far as the broadband dream and digital India dream is concerned, are there any other areas of opportunity that you are looking at or exploring at this point in time? Also, inorganic growth is a no-no for Brian, is inorganic growth going to be an opportunity that you are going to explore, as you look at expanding into newer markets or newer areas?
A: As far as Reliance is concerned, we are contrarian so even we will be completing Rs 200,000 crore worth of investment in Q4 of the current fiscal, we will all bring that investment into production in the second half of 2015 and Q1 of 2016. Until then, we are single-mindedly focused and there is no question of any acquisitions. This itself doubles Reliance and to double a company of our size in two-three years requires focus. So, we are not going to allow anybody to defocus.
I think that all consumers are going to consume physically and digitally. One of the newspapers this morning said that the e-commerce business is basically guys from Wall Street subsidising the Indian consumer. It is a good thing, Wall Street should do that for Indian consumers but that also will move to a viable model. Each one of us will consume and we will take that consumer space and you will see an online and offline world. Whoever is able to integrate that in the interest of the customer, whoever will generate customer value, I believe will win in the market place.
Disclosure: Network 18, which publishes moneycontrol.com, is now part of the Reliance Group.
RELATED NEWS

SC asks Centre to ensure completion of Income Tax probe into black money case by March 31Dec 04, 2014 at  12:33am IST
SC asks Centre to ensure completion of Income Tax probe into black money case by March 31
9
0
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Wednesday asked the Centre to ensure that the ongoing Income Tax probe for suspected black money concerning 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC bank, Geneva, be completed by March next year.
The apex court directed the Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the black money case to consider providing the copies of the reports of its probe to eminent jurist Ram Jethmalani, who is one of the petitioners in the matter.
The court asked the Centre to ensure that the probe for suspected black money does not get time-barred and be completed by March next year. The court also said that if for any reasons the probe remains inconclusive, the Centre will take appropriate decision to extend the deadline of March 31, 2015. The next hearing of the case will be on the January 20.
The court asked the Centre to ensure that the ongoing I-T probe for suspected black money concerning 627 Indians be completed by March next year.
#black money #sit #ram jethmalani #supreme court
The Bench headed by chief justice H L Dattu also asked the apex court-appointed SIT to probe the cases of black money to consider the plea for furnishing certain information and correspondences received by it to the petitioners without "blackening" the contents.
Jethmalani submitted that the then Solicitor General in the previous UPA government Mohan Parasaran, had supplied some letters and documents after masking certain portions. The Bench, also comprising Justices MB Lokur and AK Sikri, accepted another plea of Jethmalani's counsel Anil Divan that the SIT headed by Justice MB Shah, should consider providing the copies of the reports of its probe to the eminent lawyer. "We are aware of it and there would not be any problem as now the prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years of commission of the offence," he said.
The Bench, in its order, said, "We are confident that the proceedings before the Income Tax department will be completed by March 31, 2015 and if for any reasons it is not completed, we are confident that appropriate decision will be taken." Rohatgi said he was not aware as to why certain portions of documents supplied to previous UPA regime were "blackened".
While the issue of masking certain portions of documents was being deliberated, the Bench said, "the dates and designation of officers are there and if you will try you can make out everything". The Bench, which posted the next hearing for January 20, said for all his grievances, Jethmalani can make representation before the SIT which will consider the plea.
At the end of the hearing, activist advocate Prashant Bhushan raised the issue of disclosing names of 250 people who admitted to holding accounts in foreign banks but let off after tax proceedings. However, after the Attorney General said his intervention application has not been allowed as yet, the Bench said his plea cannot be addressed by it.
Jethmalani said, "see the tragedy of a person trying to recover the black money for the country. I am sitting in opposition. This is the tragedy of the country". Rohatgi said the court was not the proper forum for raising such issue.
The Centre on October 29 had given to the apex court a list of 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC bank, Geneva, in which tax probe for suspected black money has to be completed by March next year. The documents containing correspondence with French authorities, names of the account holders and the status report of the probe conducted so far in black money cases were submitted in separate sealed covers by the Attorney General which the apex court had not opened.
Instead, the court had said the envelopes would be opened by Chairman M B Shah and Vice Chairman Arijit Pasayat, both former judges of the Supreme Court, who are part of the court-appointed SIT, and decide on future course of action. It had asked the SIT to conduct a probe against the account holders and submit its status report of its probe as expeditiously as possible.
The Centre had submitted that almost half of the account holders are resident Indians who could be prosecuted under the Income Tax laws and rest of them are NRIs. Rohatgi had said some of the account holders have already admitted to having accounts and having paid taxes.
Rohatgi had said details of account holders are of 2006 which were supplied by the French government to the Centre in 2011. Most transactions in those accounts took place during 1999 and 2000 and the last date for completion and assessment in all these cases is March 31, 2015.
He had said the IT Act has been amended. Instead of six years, now the prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years of commission of the offence, he had said.
9

Why ESPNs Sport Science host John Brenkus released a Christmas music videoBy Scott Allen December 3 Follow @ScottSAllen
(YouTube)
“Sport Science” host and co-creator John Brenkus has helped produce more than 1,000 video segments examining the physics and biomechanics behind various athletic feats over the last seven years. It’s not difficult for the Vienna, native and 1993 U-Va. graduate to name his favorite one.
“This is not a cop-out answer, but every segment that we do is so unique, we try to push the limits on educating and entertaining,” Brenkus said to preface his cop-out answer. “My favorite segment is always the last one that we did.”
Unique is one way to describe one of Brenkus’s most recent videos, “Christmas is My Favorite Time of Year,” which was posted to YouTube last Tuesday and will be featured on ESPN’s “Sport Science Plays of the Year” special on Dec. 22.
Brenkus and his wife, Lizzie, wrote the song featured in the video a year ago, “just for fun.” When their friends, including some of Brenkus’s co-workers, told the couple how catchy the song was, they decided to work with the “Sport Science” creative team to produce a sports-focused Christmas video.
“The thing that I love about working at ‘Sport Science’ is that we’re always perpetuating positive energy, and celebrating the best that humanity has to offer,” Brenkus said. “The motivation behind this is spreading positive energy and there’s nothing better than making somebody smile.”
(Try not to smile when you see Santa taking an aerobic fitness test on the treadmill.)
Brenkus said the response to the video, which has more than 1.2 million views and is currently being featured on Sirius XM’s holiday station, has been overwhelming. The first thing that people want to know is if Brenkus is really playing the guitar (he is, and has since college) and if his wife is really singing (yep, that’s her).
“It was a really fun break from a normal shoot, doing something outside of the box,” Brenkus said. “When we found out that Santa was available to come into the lab, that was a huge, huge get.”
The bulk of the video was shot in one day in October at the “Sport Science” studio in Burbank, Calif. It features clips from past “Sport Science” segments, including JaVale McGee dunking a cookie in an 11-foot-high bowl of milk, and cameos from other athletes, including Vernon Davis, Larry Fitzgerald and Robert Griffin III.
Griffin’s line was filmed before Colt McCoy’s first start against Dallas on “Monday Night Football.” Brenkus, a lifelong D.C. sports fan who said he feels blessed that he got to see the Redskins win three Super Bowls while growing up, described Griffin as an “open, honest, genuine, caring guy.” He also thinks it’s too soon to declare Griffin a bust.
“I think it’s unfair to pin all of the team’s problems on the quarterback because they’re so vulnerable and there are so many things that are beyond their control,” Brenkus said. “The game of football has changed so much. Troy Aikman won one game in his rookie year.  [Editor's note: Aikman actually went 0-11 as a starter in 1989.] I feel like today’s NFL is so demanding and you need immediate results. A lot of players could be left by the wayside. I think there’s a big upside to RGIII, whether or not it’s with the Redskins. He’s a very, very capable NFL quarterback, and he’s an amazing athlete.”
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Asian Paints key beneficiary of high oil prices:JPMorganRice cultivation in east India is ‘net carbon sink’
Asian Paints will be a key beneficiary of falling crude oil prices in our view. Crude oil prices are trending 30% below the past 12-month average. We build in gains from lower oil prices and revise our FY16/17E earnings estimates upwards by 17/10% and set a new Sept 2015 target price of R710.
Asian Paints will be a direct beneficiary of lower crude oil prices. Another key raw material, Titanium Dioxide has also been benign. Lower raw material costs pose upside risk to gross margin assumptions as benefits would flow in with a lag of 1-2 quarters. We build in 350 bps y-o-y expansion in gross margins for domestic decorative business in FY16e as a result.
Some gains to be offset by higher promotions/marketing investments. We also note the possibility of some of the benefits being passed on to consumers in the form of price cuts and higher brand investments. We assume marginally negative pricing growth in FY16e expecting no price increases and some gains to be passed on to consumers.  We also forecast higher brand investments to push for volume growth. As a result we estimate EBITDA margin expansion of 300 bps in FY16e.
Key upside risk to our EPS estimates is a more prolonged/severe reduction in crude oil/titanium dioxide prices and higher volume growth rate Key downside risk is increase in raw metarial costs, competitive spends and lower demand growth.
JPMorgan
TAGS: Asian Paints Crude Oil
More from markets
Falling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets Apprehensions of a possible repeat of the 1998 Russian financial crisis following a 20% fall in the rouble.

More celeb chefs in town this week to lobby the HillD.C. is awash in celebrity chefs this week.
On Wednesday, four of them — Andrew Zimmern, Hugh Acheson, Pati Jinich and Nina Compton blanketed Capitol Hill in an effort organized by the ONE Campaign to rally support for Electrify Africa, legislation that aims to give 50 million Africans access to modern energy and add 20,000 megawatts of capacity to the continent. The bipartisan bill stands a chance of getting added to a broader spending package Congress will have to pass before leaving town for the year.
In a lunch with reporters at Bistro Bis, the four chefs spoke of their commitment to expanding access to the developing world. Compton, whose father served as St. Lucia’s prime minister, recalled growing up “watching people have no power. I grew up watching students study for school under street lamps.”
Zimmern, who has traveled extensively in Africa for his Travel Channel series “Bizarre Foods,” said he once ate horse mackerel with fishermen on Namibia’s Skeleton Coast and when he asked why they used the coveted fish for bait rather than selling it, they replied, “We have no electricity.”
Acheson said he was optimistic the bill could pass because is doesn’t cost taxpayers money, but rather allows the Overseas Private Investment Corporation to extend a more generous line of credit to energy projects in Africa. “The money’s already in process. We’re just figuring out a way to use it better.”
Read more Reliable Source: 

By 2030  Nifty will hit 1 25 000: JhunjhunwalaBy 2030, Nifty will hit 1,25,000, says ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala
ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 07.01AM IST
Tags:
Inflation
(Jhunjhunwala says a year…)
MUMBAI: Benchmark Nifty can hit 1,25,000 by 2030 as company earnings are expected to grow 16% annually, according to investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala .
This target is almost 13 times the index's close of 8,537.65 on Tuesday.
Jhunjhunwala told a news channel that the Nifty has grown 10 times in the last 15 years and can jump 10-12 times in the next decade. "With the outlook for India, which is much better for the next 10 years than the growth in the past 10 years, and with increasing investor participation, don't you think the next 10 years should not be 10 but 15 times Nifty?" the investor told the channel, declining to give a target for 2015.
He said the market will be surprised by the country's growth in the coming years with Narendra Modi at its helm.
"Modi is an instrument. He is an instrument of change; he is not the change. The most remarkable thing of his first 180 days is that he has decided to do things at a measure and pace which is possible," said Jhunjhunwala. "The pace of change which he is bringing about is the one which the country and the situation and circumstances can absorb," he said.
He said the government's Swachh Bharat programme is the best investment this country can make. "It is five times more dividend than spending on health. So, you have to look at the completeness of the picture," he said.
Jhunjhunwala said a year later, Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan will regret not having cut rates in the policy review meeting on December 2. "This is because inflation will be 4% in India next year. We have had an unprecedented fall in oil prices," he said. "The worst is behind us and now we are importing 7% of gross domestic product as commodities. That benefit is yet to percolate down," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sanghvi Forging bags orders worth Rs 11 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sanghvi Forging bags orders worth Rs 11 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
Sanghvi Forging & Engineering in a communication to the stock exchanges said it has secured orders worth Rs 11 crore.
The company said the orders are from the oil & gas and power sectors and that the majority of the orders would be taken up at its new heavy forging plant.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Rupee down 4 paise against dollarRupee trading a tad weak at 61.90
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
The rupee was trading a tad weak at 61.90 against the dollar at 3.30 pm local time on mild dollar demand from banks and importers.
After opening lower at 61.93 against yesterday’s closing level of 61.91 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee moved down further to 61.95 on initial dollar demand from banks on the back of strengthening of the US currency in overseas market.
However, it recovered from initial losses and and moved in a range of 61.86 and 61.95 in the afternoon trade.
In New York, the ICE US dollar index rose yesterday to its highest level since March 2006 as the dollar rally gained momentum, spurred in part by a strong gauge of services sector growth in the US economy, ahead of a policy statement from the European Central Bank.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

European drug regulator says Novartis flu vaccine is okayEuropean drug regulator says Novartis flu vaccine is okay
PTI
Tweet
London, Dec 4:  
Europe’s drug regulator says there is no proof that a flu vaccine for the elderly was linked to side effects, including deaths in Italy.
Last week, Italy pulled two batches of Fluad, made by Switzerland’s Novartis AG, after reports that people died after getting immunised.
Fluad is typically given to people 65 and older who often have other health problems like heart disease and are at higher risk of complications.
After reviewing available evidence, the European Medicines Agency said in a statement Wednesday that “there was no evidence for a causal relation between the reported fatal events and the administration of Fluad.”
Novartis said on its website this week the vaccine was linked to 13 deaths in Italy. It said all its batches of Fluad had passed safety and other testing.
About 4 million doses of Fluad have been distributed this year in Italy and have been used in flu vaccination campaigns in Austria, Germany and Spain.
It is also licensed in Belgium, Denmark, Greece, France, Ireland, Luxembourg, Portugal and Sweden. Fluad is not authorised for use in the US.
Shots for the seasonal flu are adjusted each year to include what scientists think will be the three to four most prevalent strains of the virus that year.
According to the World Health Organisation, flu shots may be less effective in preventing sickness in the elderly but they can still reduce the severity of disease and the likelihood of complications including death.
WHO estimates flu infects 3 to 5 million people every year and kills up to 500,000 worldwide.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Prof John Etchemendy on Infosys boardProf John Etchemendy on Infosys board
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
Infosys Ltd has informed the stock exchanges that the board of directors has inducted Professor John Etchemendy, Provost of Stanford University, as independent member of the board.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Dow  S&P 500 end at record highsDow, S&P 500 end at record highs
Reuters
Tweet
New York, Dec 4:  
The Dow and S&P 500 ended at record highs on Wednesday as data pointed to improving conditions in the US services sector, boosting cyclical stocks.
Based on the latest available data, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 32.81 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 17,912.36, the S&P 500 gained 7.69 points, or 0.37 per cent, to 2,074.24 and the Nasdaq Composite added 18.66 points, or 0.39 per cent, to 4,774.47.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Save Yamuna  appeals HemaMaliniBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mathura |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:21 am
Bollywood actress and Lok Sabha member from Mathura Hema Malini Wednesday demanded immediate release of water into the Yamuna river from the Hathini Kund barrage to ensure that pilgrims who visit the land of Lord Krishna are not put to inconvenience.
Hema Malini also raised the issue in the Lok Sabha and urged Prime Minister Narendra Modi to take appropriate action.
“I placed all the facts before the house and voiced the frustration and concern of the people who have long been demanding action to save the Yamuna from pollution,” Hema Malini told IANS Wednesday.
“Industries in Haryana and Delhi are polluting the river which has been reduced to a vast sewage canal. The pollutants are adversely affecting children, as lead and other elements have been found to flow freely in the river.”
She said the only solution was to release water on a continuous basis for the downstream cities and divert the waste and sewage through a parallel drain to the Agra Canal.
“The problem cannot be resolved unless the governments at the centre and state take prompt steps. I am happy the prime minister heard me patiently during my recent meeting with him,” she said.

BSE Sensex gains 278 points in early trade; NSE Nifty hits newpeakBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:15 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 4:38 pm
The benchmark Sensex today bounced back to end with a gain of 120 points and Nifty jumped 26.75 points after rising to new lifetime high on the back of heavy buying in ITC shares on buzz that the government will not ban sales of loose cigarettes.
Global cues were also supportive. Asian and European stocks surged on talk of global monetary stimulus ahead of a European Central Bank policy meeting that could move closer to expanded monetary easing.
ITC, the most influential stock in 30-share BSE Sensex, jumped 5.44 per cent to over six-month high on speculation that government will put on hold its proposal to ban sales of loose cigarettes. Shares of other cigarette makers like Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries also rose in 2-6 per cent range.
The Sensex, which had retreated from record highs by falling over 251 points in the previous three sessions, opened today on a strong footing. It quickly soared to day’s high of 28,808.78. However, profit-booking at higher levels forced it to pare gains and closed at 28,562.82, up 120.11 points, or 0.42 per cent.
On similar lines the 50-share National Stock Exchange index Nifty, after scaling a new peak of 8,626.95 in early trade, closed at 8,564.40, up 26.75, or 0.31 per cent. Intra-day, the gauge breached its earlier record of 8,623 reached on December 1.
Persistent foreign capital inflows into equity market also boosted the market sentiment. Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 391.07 crore yesterday.
Besides ITC, Sensex constituents Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, ICICI Bank, Hindustan Unilever, HDFC Bank, SBI, Axis Bank, HDFC and Bajaj Auto notched up moderate gains.
Sectorally, the BSE FMCG index gained the most by rising 3 per cent, followed by Banking index 0.76 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.40 per cent, Metal index 0.29 per cent, Auto index 0.13 per cent and Power index 0.06 per cent.
Buying activity also witnessed in smallcap and midcap stocks. The BSE Small Cap index rose 0.31 per cent and the BSE Midcap index gained 0.25 per cent.
Most Asian indices rose. “Chinese shares soared to multi year highs amidst steep rise in financial and oil shares and on the back of expectations of further economic stimulus measures,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.

Top diplomats meet to speed up global coalition against IslamiststatePrint
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, right, hits the gavel as he presides a meeting as Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, center, and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg attend the round table meeting of the global coalition to counter the Islamic State militant group at NATO headquarters in Brussels on Wednesday, Dec. 3, 2014
By: Associated Press | Brussels |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:11 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 12:14 pm
Islamic State militants invaded Iraq’s west almost a year ago and overran the nation’s second-largest city in June, threatening death and torture to opponents in their way. But the world has been slow to respond, coming together on December 3 for the first high-level meeting of scores of nations now devoted to destroying the rampant insurgency.
The delay resulted from a succession of diplomatic disagreements and political snags, beginning with the very presence in power of the former Iraqi prime minister. Nouri al-Maliki remained in office, fueling widespread anger that, in turn, fed the Islamic State group. Not until right before al-Maliki stepped down in August did the United States and its allies strike back at the Islamic State group with a bombing campaign that has so far numbered more than 1,000 attacks. By that time, al-Maliki was seen as a lame-duck leader whose days in power were numbered.
But confusion and feuding among the allies — ranging from what support each nation was willing to give and how, to the overarching goal and result of the effort — also hobbled the international response.
Top diplomats attending a meeting of at least 60 countries on December 3 and international organizations acknowledged the slow start but said the coalition against the Islamic State is quickly getting up to speed.
One U.S. official described it as “the end of the beginning” of the war against the militants and noted near-unity on a number of fronts, including support for the new government in Baghdad, stopping foreign fighters from reaching battlegrounds in Iraq and Syria and the need for a political transition in Damascus that, potentially, could include the ouster of Syrian President Bashar Assad.
“We recognize that hard work remains to be done,” U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told the diplomats gathered at the start of the meeting, held at NATO headquarters in Brussels.
He said,  “the rise of Daesh was rapid” — using an Arabic acronym for the Islamic State — and that the coalition’s success so far “has left those terrorists very exposed.”
“What was relatively easy for them last summer has become more difficult,” Kerry said.
Since then, Kerry said, the militants have been unable to easily travel and have seen their lucrative oil resources and command centers attacked. It also has been unable to wrest control of the continued…

Nifty pares gains post record highs; top 10 bets in focusYou are here: Home > Collections
Markets in green; top 10 stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 12.16PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share…)
NEW DELHI: The markets made fresh highs in today's trade, then briefly slipped into the red before getting back in the positive territory.
At 12:14 pm, the Sensex was at 28,487.56; up 44.85 points.
The Nifty was at 8,538.35; up 0.70 points.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
DLF Ltd: Real estate major, DLF has initiated a process to sell 50% of its subsidiary, DLF Cyber City Developers (DCCD) to raise over Rs 3,500 crores, sources with direct knowledge share.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 154.60.
Reliance Industries Ltd: The government is considering ways to recover $195.3 million from the contractor of the KG-D6 Block because it has disallowed development costs of $2.376 billion, oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan told the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent higher at Rs 968.85.
SAIL: Government will sell a 5 percent stake in state-run Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) on Friday, kicking off a disinvestment program that is crucial for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government to help cut the budget deficit.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.9 per cent lower at Rs 83.15.
MTNL: State-owned telecom firms BSNL and MTNL have incurred losses of Rs 3,785 crore and Rs 1,567 crore till September 30 in the current financial year and steps are being taken to revive them, government said today.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.2 per cent lower at Rs 28.30.
ONGC: The government is considering reworking the subsidy sharing formula for Oil and Natural Gas Corp , Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said on Wednesday, in a bid to lower its discount burden and boost the state-run oil company's profits.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 374.20.
Central Bank of India: State-owned Central Bank of India said it would raise about Rs 626 crore through preferential allotment of shares to country's largest insurer LIC to fund business growth.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent higher at Rs 80.25.
NTPC Ltd: NTPC has approached the Ministry of Environment and Forest seeking amendments to Terms of Reference (TOR) for its proposed expansion of Telangana's Ramagundam power plant to 2x800 mw.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent lower at Rs 142.10.
NMDC Ltd: India's largest iron ore miner, is putting final touches to a corporate plan that aims to raise production more than threefold to 100 million tonne (mt) by 2025. While 90% of it will be produced in India, 10% will come from NMDC's Legacy Iron Ore mines in Australia.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.14 per cent lower at Rs 138.10.
Suven Life Sciences Ltd: Pharmaceuticals firm Suven Life Sciences Ltd today said it has raised Rs 200 crore through Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) route to fund its clinical development programme and capital expenditure.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent higher at Rs 222.40.
Sadbhav Engineering Ltd: Sadbhav Infrastructure Projects has filed draft papers with the regulator Sebi for raising up to Rs 600 crore through an initial public offering.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4.7 per cent higher at Rs 277.40.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SAIL slips for 2nd day in row as govt to sell stakeSAIL back in green after slipping 3%; stake sale tomorrow
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 02.56PM IST
Tags:
SAIL
(At 09:40 a.m.; SAIL was trading…)
NEW DELHI: Steel Authority of India (SAIL) slipped as much as 3.09 per cent in trade on Thursday, but bounced back into green in late trade. This, after the government said it plans to divest 5 per cent stake sale in the steel-maker to raise around Rs 1,700 crore through the sale.
The company informed stock exchanges about the proposed stake sale to be held through the offer for sale (OFS) route on December 5 and said the government will decide on the floor price for the issue on Thursday.
The government currently holds an 80% stake in the steel giant.
The stake sale will help the company meet the listing norms of Securities & Exchange Board of India ( Sebi ), which require the government's stake to be lowered to 75 per cent, ET reported.
The sale of a 5% stake, or about 20.65 crore shares, of SAIL at current market price may fetch the government around Rs 1,700 crore, added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ITC rallies nearly 6% on reports that ban on loose cigarettes to be put on holdYou are here: Home > Collections
ITC rallies nearly 6% on reports that ban on loose cigarettes likely to be put on hold
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 10.04AM IST
Tags:
Health Minister
(At 09:30 a.m.; ITC was trading…)
NEW DELHI: ITC Ltd surged as much as 5.6 per cent in intraday trade on Thursday, after media reports said that ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs.
A health ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations against taking drastic regulatory steps, said a PTI report.
At a meeting called by Union minister Venkaiah Naidu , health minister J.P. Nadda assured the MPs that he will look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and industry before taking any policy decision, added the report.
The regulatory policy on cigarettes is a critical development to watch out and any adverse outcome may well remain an overhang in near-term, but analysts at top brokerage firms feel that the broader story remains intact and investors should try and accumulate the stock on dips.
"While we believe that the implementation of a restriction on sale of loose cigarettes will be difficult, this is a clear sentiment negative for ITC," global investment bank, Morgan Stanley said in a report last week which has an 'overweight' rating on the stock.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suven Life up 2% as it raises Rs 200 cr via QIPSuven Life Sciences rallies over 2% as it raises Rs 200 crore via QIP
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 09.55AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(At 09:50 a.m.; Suven Life…)
NEW DELHI: Suven Life Sciences Ltd rallied as much as 2.5 per cent in trade on Thursday, after the pharmaceuticals firm said that it has raised Rs 200 crore through Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) route to fund its clinical development programme and capital expenditure.
At 09:50 a.m.; Suven Life Sciences was trading 1.8 per cent higher at Rs 223.95. It hit a low of Rs 221.75 and a high of Rs 225.50 in trade today.
The offering was for 1,04,53,690 equity shares of face value of Rs 1 per equity share at a price of Rs 191.32 per share, said a PTI report.
Post issue the promoters holding will be over 59 per cent as against 64.76 per cent on September 30, 2014.
In a BSE filing, Suven Life Sciences said, "It has concluded its Rs 200 crore fund raising exercise through the Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) process."
The funds raised will be effectively deployed to fund the clinical development programme, capital expenditure and for general corporate purposes, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ITC surges 6%  ban on sale of loose cigarettes unlikelyDec 04, 2014, 09.39 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ITC surges 6%, ban on sale of loose cigarettes unlikely
A Health Ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations against taking drastic regulatory steps.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ITC surges 6%, ban on sale of loose cigarettes unlikely
A Health Ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations against taking drastic regulatory steps.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  ITC soared 6 percent intraday on Thursday as the government is unlikely to ban sale of loose cigarettes in near-term. Other cigarette-related stocks like  Godfrey Phillips India and  VST Industries  were up 10 and 6 percent respectively.
A Health Ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations against taking drastic regulatory steps.
At a meeting called by Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu, Health Minister J P Nadda assured the MPs that he will look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and industry before taking any policy decision. Union Ministers besides MPs from two major tobacco-producing states Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, including Ananth Kumar and Nirmala Sitharaman and Mohanbhai Kundaria, were present at the meeting where Nadda was told to address all concerns and not to take any hasty step.
Naidu, who also discussed the issue with Agriculture Minister Radhamohan Singh, said tobacco and arecanut are two important cash crops in the country and in many parts, the livelihood of farmers depend on them.
The parliamentarians were of the view that without providing suitable alternatives to cash crops in tobacco and arecanut-growing areas, farmers should not be penalised by introducing drastic regulatory measures, sources said.
Government sources said an inter-ministerial consensus over the issue is also unlikely to evolve soon.
Naidu, who hails from Andhra Pradesh, said the proposed regulatory amendments will only result in shift in consumption from cigarettes to other cheaper tobacco products like bidis, chewing tobaccos without curtailing overall tobacco consumption. He convened the meeting after getting representations from tobacco-growing farmers associations in the two states on the likely adverse impact on their livelihood due to the proposed amendment to the Cigarettes and other Tobacco Products Act.
Naidu told reporters later that Nadda was told not to take any "hasty" step till inter-ministerial consultations are over and until alternative crops are decided. A proposal to bring restrictions should not be brought now till the issues are resolved.
India is the second largest tobacco producer in the world and its export earns foreign exchange over Rs 6,000 crore annually. As regards arecanut along with betel, it was emphasised that they were integral part of Indian tradition and being used widely since ancient times in religious activities, weddings and other functions.
Naidu said Nadda assured the meeting that he will look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and industry before taking any policy decision.
Nadda had told Rajya Sabha last week that his ministry has accepted recommendations of an expert panel, which was constituted to give suggestions for reducing tobacco consumption, that sale of loose cigarettes be banned and circulated a Cabinet note for inter-ministerial consultations.
At 09:34 hrs ITC was quoting at Rs 377.20, up Rs 14.20, or 3.91 percent, Godfrey Phillips India was quoting at Rs 629.00, up Rs 40.15, or 6.82 percent while VST Industries was quoting at Rs 1,941.00, up Rs 71.40, or 3.82 percent on the BSE.
(With inputs from PTI)

Barack Obama praises PM Modi for shaking India s  bureaucratic inertiaDec 04, 2014 at 09:15am IST
Barack Obama praises PM Modi for shaking India's 'bureaucratic inertia'
84
0
Washington: US President Barack Obama on Thursday praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi's efforts to shake up the "bureaucratic inertia" in India, less than a month after he described the Indian leader as a "man of action".
However, Obama said that this was a long-term project and one would have to see how successful Prime Minister Modi is in his efforts.
"Modi has impressed me so far with his willingness to shake up the bureaucratic inertia inside of India. But that is a long-term project and we'll have to see how successful he is," Obama told a business roundtable, which was attended by top corporate leaders of the country.
The roundtable was organised to discuss the current economic condition of the US and across the globe.
#india #narendra modi #barack obama #us
The roundtable was organised to discuss the current economic condition of the US and across the globe.
In Myanmar on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit, Obama in his brief interaction with Modi had told him that he is a "man of action".
On his return from the 10-day trip to the Asia Pacific region that took him to Beijing, Myanmar and Australia, Obama announced that he has accepted an invitation to be the chief guest at the annual Republic Day Parade in New Delhi on January 26 next year.
In his interaction at the business round table, Obama said the US, over the last six years, has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and the rest of the advanced world combined.
The growth of emerging markets have been slower than anticipated, he noted.
161

U.K. Targets Tech Firms With  Google TaxU.K. Targets Tech Firms With  Google Tax
Gold eases on dollar strength ahead of ECB  US jobs dataGold eases on dollar strength ahead of ECB, US jobs data
Reuters
Gold has also been hurt by softer oil prices recently as the metal is seen as a hedge against oil-led inflation.
Singapore, Dec 4:  
Gold edged lower in Asian trading on Thursday as the dollar traded close to a 5-1/2-year high against a basket of major currencies, but the metal managed to hold above the key $1,200-an-ounce level.
Investors were awaiting a policy decision by the European Central Bank on stimulus measures and US jobless claims data to see if they held any further boosts for the dollar.
Spot gold fell 0.2 per cent to $1,207.21 an ounce by 0343 GMT, after rising nearly 1 per cent in the previous session.
The US dollar index climbed to its highest in more than 5-1/2 years on Wednesday on optimism over the world's largest economy. Data showed US private companies added workers at a fairly brisk clip in November and the services sector grew strongly.
"It's a wait-and-watch situation right now because there are some key events over the next two days. We have the ECB meet today and (US) non-farm payrolls on Friday, and both could potentially trigger big moves again," said a precious metals trader in Singapore.
"It looks like we will consolidate near $1,200 for now but the risks from the last few months remain," the trader said.
Gold climbed to a one-month high of $1,220.99 an ounce on Monday, after having slumped to $1,142.91 in the same session. Friday's data would help investors gauge the strength of the US economic recovery and how it would impact interest rates.
Gold prices gained in the first two quarters of the year, but have fallen in the second half as expectations of rate hikes lifted the dollar. Demand for dollar-denominated gold tends to weaken on a stronger greenback as it makes the metal more expensive for holders of other currencies and also lowers its hedge-appeal.
Gold has also been hurt by softer oil prices recently as the metal is seen as a hedge against oil-led inflation. Some recent gains in gold are seen as a result of short covering, prompting traders to be wary of the moves higher.
"Much of the buying recently has been done by shorts exiting the market and not fresh longs entering the market or old longs extending positions," HSBC analysts said in a note.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Domestic airline bookings up 73% as discount offers fuel Christmas travelDomestic airline bookings up 73% as discounts fuel Christmas travel
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 12:23 AM IST
Domestic airline bookings for this year’s Christmas-New Year travel season have risen 73 per cent over that of last year, as passengers are looking to cash in on discount offers and advance purchase fares, say executives of leading online travel agencies. Between July and November, there has been a 73 per cent growth in the number of bookings for flights in the holiday period from December 22 to January 4. In November alone, year-on-year growth in flight bookings for the season was almost 40 per cent, said Ranjeet Oak, senior vice-president (flights), MakeMyTrip, a leading Indian online travel agency. The current one-way fares on popular routes like Delhi-Goa and Mumbai-Goa for December 24 are up 25-35 per cent over those last year. But fares for the festive holiday season on tickets booked during the June-November period were seven per cent lower than in 2013.
“Fares in October and November for travel around Christmas were eight-10 per cent lower than last year. These started picking up from the last week of November and are about 10 per cent higher now. A lot of inventory was sold in promotional offers and demand looks strong. We are expecting 30-35 per cent growth in airline bookings,” said Sharat Dhall, president of Yatra.com.
“With all-year-round promotional discounts from airlines on 2014, the overall airfares for this travel window (December 22 to January 4) have been seven per cent cheaper than last year. Specifically, the Hyderabad-Chennai, Kochi-Bengaluru and Delhi-Mumbai sector saw the biggest drop in airfares — of 40 per cent, 30 per cent and 23 per cent, respectively,” said Oak.
He added fares for some routes like Kolkata-Mumbai (13.5 per cent), Pune-Chennai (11.5 per cent) and Guwahati-Kolkata (11.2 per cent) reflected only a marginal increase from last year.

Rupee falls on dollar demand from banks  importersForex update: Rupee ends at 61.92 against US dollar in thin trade
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 18:10 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee on Thursday ended one paisa lower at 61.92 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market in thin trade.
The rupee resumed lower at 61.93 as against Wednesday's closing level of 61.91 per dollar. The domestic unit dropped further to 61.95 per dollar on initial demand for the US currency from banks and importers on the back of a strong dollar in the overseas market.
However, the domestic currency recovered from initial losses to 61.86 on selling of dollars by banks and exporters in view of persistent foreign capital inflows into the domestic equity market . The rupee ended at 61.92 against the Greenback, down one paisa or 0.02 per cent.
Intra-day, the rupee hovered in a range of 61.86 and 61.95 per dollar.
In London, the euro traded around a 2-year-low against the dollar on Thursday on hopes the European Central Bank (ECB) would unveil new stimulus measures later in the day.
In New York, the ICE US dollar index rose on Wednesday to its highest level since March 2006 as the dollar rally gained momentum, spurred in part by a strong gauge of service-sector growth in the US economy.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex rose by 120.11 points or 0.42 per cent.

Shy of SRA  MbPT pushes own slum rehabschemeWritten by Shalini Nair | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:40 am
In what could be a first-of-its-kind policy for rehabilitation of slums on central government land in Mumbai, the Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT) has recommended doing away with the concept of a cut-off date for deciding the eligibility of slum-dwellers for rehousing.
The Land Development Committee of the MbPT has said 30,000-odd residents of shanties dotting Mumbai’s 28-km dockland along the eastern coastline should be rehoused through a specially drafted policy for them, and not through the state government’s existing Slum Rehabilitation Authority schemes.
In the final draft of its report that will be submitted to Union Minister for Shipping Nitin Gadkari, the committee has stated that slum rehabilitation on central government land parcels need not follow existing SRA schemes that allow private developers to rake profits out of constructing apartments for sale on slum land in return for housing shanty-dwellers, free of cost, on a small portion of the land.
Gadkari has been emphatic about the fact that no private builders will be involved in developing port land.
Instead, the proposed special planning authority Mumbai Port Land Development Authority(MPLDA) will be free to design its own policy for housing those living in the slum settlements. The policy will be based on the broad framework laid out by the land development panel. “Since there is currently no policy for slum rehabilitation on central government land, it will be a complex process before we are able to come up with one,” said MbPT chairmen R M Parmar.
The SRA policy counts only those living in slums that have come up prior to 2000 as “eligible” for alternate housing, displacing large numbers of “ineligible” residents.  According to a panel member, the port trust’s rehabilitation policy should be more along the lines of central government’s flagship Rajiv Awas Yojana (RAY) where the construction of low-cost housing for all slum residents are partly financed through central government grants.
The last detailed survey on the slum settlements conducted by the MbPT in 2002 pegged the numbers at 14,369 shanties, occupying swathes of land totalling to 7.46 hectares. “The numbers are estimated to be around 30,000 as on date. The cost of the slum rehabilitation cannot be part of the capital expenditure as that will make it unviable.
There are lots of central government funds available which can be used for this purpose,” said a panel member. Even though RAY provides for 50 per cent of the amount required to reconstruct slums, Mumbai, home to 11 lakh slum households, has not utilized a single paisa for more than three years since the policy came into being. The LDC’s report also mentions the a part of the land can be used for generating affordable housing.
The slum pockets on MbPT land, whose residents are mainly into ship repairs and scrap-dealing,  are largely concentrated in areas such as Wadala estate, Hay bunder and Haji bunder near Cotton Green. Half-a-dozen slum colonies live close to the ship-breaking yard at Darukhana and several others along the port land at southern continued…

No water  no electricity  no sewerage  no roads : Welcome to DDAs new luckylandWritten by Aniruddha Ghosal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:38 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 6:49 pm
Teenu Rani, 22, was one of those lucky applicants who got a flat in the DDA’s Housing Scheme lottery last month. But her hopes of being handed over the new flat by January and starting a new life there were dashed when she visited the block in Rohini Sector 4.
The DDA’s vice-chairman, Balwinder Kumar, admitted that the 384 single-bedroom Janta flats in the area were in a “very bad state”. A total of 5,000 allotted flats, in Rohini and Siraspur, are still under construction and he said he hoped they would be handed over by March.
“The flats in Rohini Sector 4 are Janta category and have a single room. We had problems with the contractor and there were many delays. As a result, these 384 flats are in a very bad state. We have taken steps to improve them and are confident that we will hand over all the flats by March 2015,” Kumar said.
But the question remains for Rani and others: in what condition will their flats be?
While the DDA had said they would give a large majority of those who won the draw their keys by January, around 5,000 flats concentrated in Rohini (Sectors 35 and 36) and Siraspur have yet to be completed.
“In these flats, only the finishing touches are left. Access roads need to be built and shops need to be constructed in order to make these complexes self-sufficient,” Kumar added.
Rani does not share Kumar’s optimism. She said the “home of her dreams” was nothing like she imagined it to be, based on the brochure. “It’s in ruins. There’s no water, no electricity, no roads and no sewerage. There are no shops nearby and the place is inaccessible. I thought I was lucky to have won the lottery. Now, I don’t think so,” she said.
Originally from Ludhiana, she is a third-year BA student and lives with her brothers in Karol Bagh. As per the scheme, she said she needs to pay a registration fee of Rs 1,00,000 to the DDA.
“I have to pay the full sum next week. But I have been allotted a flat which is simply not worth the sum,” she said.
Rani said while the brochure had said that the approximate area of the individual flats would be 28.2 sqm, the declaration in the ‘sample room’ says the rooms are only of 26.09 sqm.
A DDA status report, accessed by Newsline, reads, “Out of 8 blocks of 64 units each, structure and finishing work in 6 blocks are completed…” but “work in 2 blocks (128 units) is yet to start”.
The Master Plan for the housing scheme lists 6-metre and 9-metre wide roads. But they are not there. Four green belts have been mapped out, but construction debris and pools of sewage have taken its place.
Two areas have been listed as being encroached upon. Houses with residents living in them for at least 12 years await the new arrivals.
As per the status report, the Delhi Jal Board has made water available but supply lines are not complete. It adds that while a peripheral sewer line is available, the scheme for the internal sewer line is yet to be sanctioned.

Next on AAPs charm list: DelhisDalitsWritten by Dipankar Ghose | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:36 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 12:37 pm
To the right of the dais was a garlanded photograph of Dr B R Ambedkar. Sitting on a mat in the centre was a group of 20 people wearing Aam Aadmi Party topis. Former chief minister Arvind Kejriwal was among them. Next to him was Cheena Ji Maharaj, the ceremonial head of Valmiki Sadan and “guru” for many.
Each member of the audience, sitting on plush green seats at the FICCI auditorium in Central Delhi and wearing AAP topis, cheered every slogan that went up. A year after the AAP claimed nine of 12 seats reserved for the Scheduled Castes, it was clear that the party was courting Delhi’s Scheduled Castes on a day they inaugurated the party’s SC/ST wing.
Most speeches alluded to the inclusion of two Scheduled Caste ministers in the 49-day Arvind Kejriwal Cabinet and portrayed the AAP as the “only party that treated the community with respect”.
Manoj Kumar, MLA from Kondli and president of the newly formed frontal organisation, said, “The other parties always treat us as a votebank and never speak of our issues. Each one of you can go up to Arvind Kejriwal and speak to him. We couldn’t even get to the private secretaries of the leaders in the past. Only the AAP did what it promised. It had two ministers, Rakhi Birla and Girish Soni, from our community in the Cabinet.”
Kejriwal himself began his speech with a tribute to Cheena Ji Maharaj, even suggesting that his opinion was taken considered while deciding on party’s candidates.
Kejriwal himself began his speech with a tribute to Cheena Ji Maharaj, even suggesting that his opinion was taken considered while deciding on party’s candidates.
“Cheena Ji Maharaj is like our guru. With his ashirwaad, we can take this organisation forward. Last year, there were 12 reserved seats, of which we won nine. This itself was history in the making. It was our duty to give back to the people, and out of seven ministers, two were from the community. When other parties refused or argued against it, we regularised workers. Only the AAP can give you respect,” he said.
Attacking Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Kejriwal said, “They started the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and that is good. Everybody wants the surroundings to be clean. But it doesn’t happen if you pick up a broom for five minutes. If you don’t solve the problem of safai karamcharis, Delhi will never be clean. Why can’t we give them modern equipment to protect themselves? The jhadu has power. We listen to your demands. When Cheena Ji Maharaj suggests a candidate, we listen to him. It is our responsibility to go from house to house and spread continued…

Bill Cosby hit with lawsuit for alleged sexualassaultBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:32 am
The scandal swirling around Bill Cosby has just hit a new low after a woman has hit the embattled comedian with a lawsuit alleging he molested her at the Playboy Mansion when she was just 15.
‘The Cosby Show’ star has been at the centre of controversy after Hannibal Buress poked fun at the funnyman’s alleged bad reputation during a stand-up show in October. Since then, a number of women, including actresses and models, have come forward claiming Cosby, 77, drugged and sexually assaulted them, and now a woman named Judy Huth, 55, is not only adding her name to the list of alleged victims, she has taken legal action by filing a lawsuit in Los Angeles, reported TMZ online.
In the documents, Huth claims she and a friend met the veteran comedian on the set of a movie in Los Angeles in 1974.
A week later, she claims Cosby invited them to his tennis club, where they played billiards and he allegedly required the underage girls to drink a beer every time he won a game. Huth then claims Cosby took her and her friend to the Playboy Mansion, where he told them to say they were 19, if anyone asked.
She claims she followed Cosby into one of the mansion’s rooms, where he allegedly began to “sexually molest her.” Huth reveals it took her 40 years to file the lawsuit because she was so “mentally scared” from the incident, and she only recently connected her own psychological issues with the alleged rape.
Cosby has yet to respond to the lawsuit. The comedian has declined to comment about any of the decades-old claims against him but his lawyer previously dismissed the other sexual assault allegations as false.

Big-show Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti suddenly ano-showWritten by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:28 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 11:05 am
Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti was a no-show at her planned Delhi show on Wednesday.
The Union minister, whose ramzaadon-haramzaadon speech on Monday is still reverberateing from Parliament to public space, was reportedly told to back out from holding a scheduled campaign rally at Sheikh Sarai in South Delhi.
When Newsline visited the venue given out in the official list of the BJP, workers pleaded ignorance about any such event.
When contacted on the telephone number given by the party’s Delhi unit, an assistant to the minister of state for food processing confirmed that she was supposed to hold the jansabha.
“Sadhviji is still in Parliament and then she would attend a function and, if she got free by 8 pm, will attend the sabha at Sheikh Sarai,” the assistant said.
V P Marwah, the party worker who was listed as the programme in-charge, said he had no information about the meeting. “People have called me regarding the event but I have no information about her planned address here,” he said.
Sunita Guliya, the local councillor who lives near the venue and on the official list, also pleaded ignorance. “Party keeps listing events without informing us,” Guliya said.
BJP sources said Niranjan Jyoti has been asked to maintain a low-profile after the massive controversy over her abusive speech.
Sadhvi is scheduled to address another rally on Thursday near Gole Market. The new detailed list issued by the Delhi BJP says a public meeting will be also addressed by Niranjan Jyoti at Raja market.

What s driving mid & small cap stks | Nifty at 1 25 000 by 2030: JhunjhunwalaYou are here: Home > Collections
Retail interest drives Mid and Smallcap indices to new highs
ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 10.32AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The BSE’s Midcap index…)
MUMBAI: Retail investors renewed their interest in mid- and small-cap shares as the indices hit new highs on Wednesday with many frontline shares moving in a tight band amid slowing foreign institutional inflows. Brokers and analysts said investor appetite for smaller shares is intact despite higher valuations than blue-chips because hopes are high that they would continue to outperform.
The BSE's Midcap index jumped 1.4% and the Smallcap index rose 1.6% to fresh highs on Wednesday. The Sensex closed at 28,442.71, almost unchanged over Tuesday's closing. The renewed activity in mid- and smallcap shares has come after almost two months. These shares had lost steam early in October on worries that valuations were stretched after the run-up since January. "No bad news is always good news for the market. The undercurrent is still bullish and after a period of consolidation, quality mid & smallcap stocks moved because HNIs and retail investors are buying them" said Motilal Oswal, chairman & managing director, Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
So far in 2014, the Sensex has gained nearly 34%, while the midcap index has risen 54% and the smallcap index has advanced 74%. The BSE Midcap index has outperformed the Sensex by about 26% and now trades at a premium to the benchmark.
"Midcaps have rerated versus large-caps in each and every sector over the past year. With the exception of financials, healthcare and staples, they trade at a premium to their respective larger peers," said Anantha Narayan, analyst at Credit Suisse .
Investors rushed to buy beaten down mid and smallcap stocks on Wednesday following RBI statement that it is likely to cut interest rate early next year, which could revive India's investment cycle. Mid and smallcap stocks were on the sideline for the last few weeks after a sharp rally in them since the beginning of the year.
"Domestic investors, including retail, who were waiting for some direction or trigger lapped up smaller stocks in anticipation of rate cut in the first half of next year," said Yogesh Nagaonkar, head of equity, Bonanza Portfolio.
"The buying was heavily concentrated on beaten down midcap and small-cap stocks".
Among some of the top mid and smallcap gainers on Wednesday were Bombay Burmah, Siti Cable, KRR Mills, Ahluwalia Contracts and Bharat Electronics, rising 15-20%. Shares of Sun TV, which had declined 3% in the past month, gained 13% on Wednesday.
Firstsource Solutions, which fell 15% in the last one month, surged 12%. Suzlon, MRF, Bajaj Finserv, HCC, and Eicher Moters gained between 7% and 10%. Brokers said the focus is on such shares partly because of lesser foreign institutional investor (FII) inflows into India in the last three days. FIIs typically invest in large-caps stocks, which have mostly moved on news flow of late. So far in December, the average daily foreign portfolio inflows has been Rs390 crore against Rs 800 crore in November. Analysts said retail investors see better scope of making a quick buck in mid and smallcaps due to the declining pace of FII inflows.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IITs: International recruiters like FB  Google roll out Rs 40-crore plus salary offersFacebook
(Oracle is leading the charge,…)
MUMBAI: Top international recruiters Facebook, Oracle and Google have rolled out at least 40 offers with total compensation packages higher than Rs 1 crore at the end of only the second day of IIT campus placements, according to campus sources.
Such a large number of crore-plus offers — including cash and stock — are being offered for the first time. Oracle is leading the charge, offering up to 4,800 stock units worth $200,000 (Rs 1.24 crore), besides a $125,000 (Rs 77.5 lakh) cash component. Sources from IITBHU (Varanasi) confirmed these figures.
Sources from IIT-Delhi , IIT-Roorkee and IIT-Kanpur said some 4,000 stock options had been indicated as part of the overall package by the American multinational computer technology corporation.
Google, for Mountain View postings, rolled out a salary of $130,000 (Rs 80.4 lakh) and 250 stock units worth approximately $134,500 (Rs 83 lakh), IIT-BHU officials said.
The institute added that one student has been selected by Oracle US, and another for Google US.
Average domestic salaries at IIT campus placements this year have been in the range of Rs 10-12 lakh. Placements at the older institutes started on December 1.
Stock options are typically rolled out by companies as a retention measure and are often vested only after employees remain with the company for a specified period.
As already reported by ET, Facebook has made offers of $250,000 (Rs 1.55 crore, all-inclusive) to students at IIT-Bombay, IIT-Kharagpur and IIT-Delhi.
A student at one of the IITs who bagged an offer from Oracle said it was communicated to him that he would get a $100,000 base pay, $15,000 joining bonus and $10,000 relocation allowance.
"I was intimated that over and above this, there was also a stock component which I would get to know in the offer letter," he said.
While IIT-BHU has information on the stock options offered by Google, other placement cells said the search engine giant has not yet communicated the relevant numbers to them. However, they said Google would have a stock component in its package and Microsoft was also likely to have the same. ET could not independently reach out to Google at the time of going to print.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty to hit 1 25 000 by 2030  says Jhunjhu...By 2030, Nifty will hit 1,25,000, says ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala
ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 07.01AM IST
Tags:
Inflation
(Jhunjhunwala says a year…)
MUMBAI: Benchmark Nifty can hit 1,25,000 by 2030 as company earnings are expected to grow 16% annually, according to investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala .
This target is almost 13 times the index's close of 8,537.65 on Tuesday.
Jhunjhunwala told a news channel that the Nifty has grown 10 times in the last 15 years and can jump 10-12 times in the next decade. "With the outlook for India, which is much better for the next 10 years than the growth in the past 10 years, and with increasing investor participation, don't you think the next 10 years should not be 10 but 15 times Nifty?" the investor told the channel, declining to give a target for 2015.
He said the market will be surprised by the country's growth in the coming years with Narendra Modi at its helm.
"Modi is an instrument. He is an instrument of change; he is not the change. The most remarkable thing of his first 180 days is that he has decided to do things at a measure and pace which is possible," said Jhunjhunwala. "The pace of change which he is bringing about is the one which the country and the situation and circumstances can absorb," he said.
He said the government's Swachh Bharat programme is the best investment this country can make. "It is five times more dividend than spending on health. So, you have to look at the completeness of the picture," he said.
Jhunjhunwala said a year later, Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan will regret not having cut rates in the policy review meeting on December 2. "This is because inflation will be 4% in India next year. We have had an unprecedented fall in oil prices," he said. "The worst is behind us and now we are importing 7% of gross domestic product as commodities. That benefit is yet to percolate down," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prefer Tech Mahindra  says SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prefer Tech Mahindra, says Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the view that one may prefer Tech Mahindra as the stock on its way to make lifetime new highs.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, "IT has gone out of that small minor correction that it was in and  Tech Mahindra for today is the best, there was a narrow range, yesterday it had a very good day, better than most of the other heavyweight IT stocks, so I think it’s on its way to make lifetime new highs."
At 09:44 hrs Tech Mahindra was quoting at Rs 2,685.30, up Rs 0.90, or 0.03 percent.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 108.85 per share. (Sep, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 24.67. The latest book value of the company is Rs 364.64 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 7.36. The dividend yield of the company was 0.74 percent.
RELATED NEWS

Reliance Mutual Fund announces introduction of bonus optionDec 04, 2014, 10.24 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Reliance Mutual Fund announces introduction of bonus option
Reliance MF announces introduction of Bonus Option under Reliance Gilt Securities Fund, with effect from December 08, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Reliance Mutual Fund announces introduction of bonus option
Reliance MF announces introduction of Bonus Option under Reliance Gilt Securities Fund, with effect from December 08, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Reliance Mutual Fund  has decided to introduce bonus option under the existing Growth Plan and Direct Plan - Growth Plan of Reliance Gilt Securities Fund , with effect from December 08, 2014.
Accordingly, initial units will be allotted under bonus option of the scheme at face value of Rs 10 per unit and subsequent units will be allotted at prevailing NAV .
Q

Around the world in a wheelchairBigg Boss 8
‘My wheelchair is my biggest travel companion’
Parvinder Chawla’s wanderlust is undimmed by her disability. She believes that travel, not her wheelchair, defines her. Excerpts from an interview
By HolidayIQ.com | Yahoo Lifestyle –  Wed 3 Dec, 2014 11:05 AM IST
Share 0
Yahoo Lifestyle/HolidayIQ.com - Parvinder Chawla in San Francisco. She believes that travel is her destiny, not her wheelchair
The first thing that strikes you about Parvinder Chawla is her effervescence. A contributor on HolidayIQ.com, she is free-spirited and an optimist at heart. Her zest for life and desire to travel the world is infectious, and it’s only when she starts talking about being restricted to a wheelchair, that you begin to question yourself, who isn’t bound by things?
Excerpts from a candid conversation, first published on HolidayIQ.com , in which she shares how travel, and not her disability, has defined her.
Born in Punjab and brought up in Mumbai, Parvinder Chawla, 46, did not have any deformities or disabilities since birth. 
“My family moved to Mumbai when I was 12. My father was a proud owner of a restaurant and we moved to the city, hoping for a new life ahead. Soon, I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis, which gradually started affecting me and eventually, made me immobile. Initially, it was extremely difficult – the pain and the exasperation of restricted to a bed. I became reclusive and embarrassed. But time is truly the best healer. At one point, I was lying on the bed and asked myself – why should this stop me from doing the things I’ve always wanted to do - be mobile, be free, be self-dependent and travel the world. And so I began. I embraced my wheelchair – my biggest travel companion. I realised that I wasn’t bound by it; it set me free.”
Travel, Not The Wheelchair, Defines Me
Parvinder has worked at call centres for companies like Wipro and as a yoga instructor.
“My father has been my biggest inspiration. He taught me to me self-dependent and confident, which pushed me to take my first solo trip to London, 14 years ago,” she says. She had her strategy in place – travel to places where she had friends or family. Before setting out for London, she connected with a couple on the Internet who helped her explore the city. 
“That’s the power of Internet and travel communities. It helps you connect with like-minded travellers,” she points out. Since then, Parvinder has travelled extensively across India and the world.  She adds, “The world is exactly how you see it. Till date, I have been blessed to meet supportive people, who have helped me and enriched my travel experiences."
Parvinder Chawla is an inspiration to disabled travellers
Desire to aspire for more
There are people who yearn for owning things in life. And then, there’s the other kind – people, who just to let go and embrace the world. Parvinder is the latter. She dreams of a passport brimming with her travel tales. Whether it is places where people love to go or lesser-known getaways that are untouched by a tout’s prying eyes.
“For me, a destination does not matter,” she says. However, what drives her is nature. “Vaishno Devi in Kashmir is close to my heart. My friends from college did not hesitate to take me along. The climb to the top is believed to be difficult and enduring, but I wasn’t disheartened. I felt it is one of the easiest yet thrilling experiences in my life. I returned, more confident than ever,” she shares. “Another memorable experience was my trip to Kedarnath. I had hired four people to carry me all the way up. At the entry point, I was in queue and the pandit requested everybody to make way for my darshan. Such experiences not just instil my faith in God, but people too,” she adds.
But it is Parvinder’s trip to Bali that has to be her most challenging yet emancipating experiences ever. "Bali is not a wheelchair-friendly destination. I tried planning the trip through several travel agencies, which didn’t help. So, I went ahead and planned it myself.” She adds, "Travel has helped me understand that I can push myself – it has made me believe that nothing is impossible."
The wheelchair is my travel companion
The thought does not discourage her. Parvinder had a manual wheelchair initially, which made her dependent on friends and family while travelling. “Now, I have an automated wheelchair. I can travel on my own!” she says enthusiastically. But there are times when her disability has been an impediment to her travel plans abroad. “During my trip to Jakarta, I had to pay for my wheelchair to be carried in the baggage. The automated wheel chair is heavy and the airlines refused to take it on board without me paying for it. Since then, I always make it a point to read about the airline before I book my tickets. I plan my trips in a way that I can cover more than one place at a time,” says Parvinder.
India isn't a disabled-friendly destination
Her experiences in the country have been far from memorable. "While travelling in India, I always have to think twice and be sure of the place I choose to go. The government has to make serious efforts towards accessibility of the physically challenged people at tourist places. For instance, during a trip to Mysore, I wanted to visit the Mysore Palace. I went to the palace in my automated wheelchair and I was unhappy to see a flight of stairs but no ramp to help me access the palace. I had to hire a man, who carried me inside,” she rues. 
Online travel communities help you connect with travellers
“Ideas, advice and experiences shared by other travellers on online travel communities prove helpful when I plan my trips. Information on facilities at hotels and tourists spots for the differently-abled have always helped me zero in on the right places to stay and explore,” says Parvinder. “However, communities need to work towards helping and encouraging travel among the differently-abled."  
An inspiration to disabled travellers
"Take your first step and the rest will come its way. I am a sum of my experiences and I truly believe that travel is destiny; not my wheelchair.”
Reproduced with permission from HolidayIQ.com

Video: Woman rides on top of a car in the  well of deathVehicles Ride At High Speed On Walls In The "Well Of Death"
by Barcroft TV 2:56 mins
54,000 views
Vehicles Ride At High Speed On Walls In The "Well Of Death"
by Barcroft TV 2:56 mins
54,000 views
Welcome to the ‘well of death’, one of the most exciting and daring stunts in India. Daredevils ride cars and bikes around the wall of the well – defying gravity and death. Pooja Rathod, 20, is the country’s only stuntwoman brave enough to perform the breath-taking stunts with her team of drivers.  Videographer / Director: Subbarao Tadivaka, Producer: Ruchika Hurria, Editor: Sonia Estal.
Link

Markets in green; top 10 stocks in focusMarkets in green; top 10 stocks in focus
Hail eased construction norms  but benefits to lag: LTHail eased construction norms  but benefits to lag: LT
Buy Tata Chemicals  says Sudarshan SukhaniBuy Tata Chemicals  says Sudarshan Sukhani
ITC  Godfrey Phillips rally as government likely to put on hold its ban of loose cigarettesITC  Godfrey Phillips rally as government likely to put on hold its ban of loose cigarettes
Air bag maker Takata Corp balks at coast-to-coast recallAir bag maker Takata Corp balks at coast-to-coast recall
Google s new app to help small businesses onlineGoogle s new app to help small businesses online
Outcome of board meeting of ADCC InfocadOutcome of board meeting of ADCC Infocad
Looks like people satisfied with what they earned and want to forgo fu...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Expect 800+ before splitCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Hahahaha........20 % fix he buy now :)Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Google to introduce child-friendly versions of productsGoogle to introduce child-friendly versions of products
Reuters
Tweet
Dec 3:  
Google Inc plans to roll out child-friendly versions of its most popular products in a bid to be “fun and safe for children”, USA Today reported, quoting Pavni Diwanji, the company's vice-president of engineering.
The company will likely create specific versions of its search, YouTube and Chrome products for children aged 12 and under, USA Today reported, adding that Google did not provide a timeline for the rollout.
"We want to be thoughtful about what we do, giving parents the right tools to oversee their kids' use of our products," USA Today quoted Diwanji as saying.
A Google spokesperson declined to comment, but confirmed that the effort described in the report was accurate.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Crude oil rises on lower US stockpilesCrude oil rises on lower US stockpiles
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Dec 4:  
Oil prices rose in Asia today after a dip in US crude stockpiles raised optimism about energy demand in the world’s top crude consumer during the winter season, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for January delivery rose 33 cents to $67.71, while Brent crude for January gained 41 cents to $70.33 in late-morning trade.
The US Department of Energy said in its latest inventory report that crude stockpiles dropped 3.7 million barrels in the week ended November 28.
Analysts surveyed by the Wall Street Journal had predicted a rise of 600,000 barrels.
Daniel Ang, an investment analyst at Phillip Futures in Singapore, said the drop was supporting crude prices “slightly’’.
“Price consolidation seems to have ended,” he said, referring to volatility in the crude market this week following a sharp sell-off.
OPEC stance on output cut
Oil prices had plunged last Thursday after the OPEC cartel announced it was maintaining its output despite global oversupply. Prices hit five-year lows on Monday, with WTI as hitting $63.72 and Brent at $67.53, before rebounding.
Oil prices have fallen around 30 per cent since late June, weighed down by concerns of a glut of crude on world markets and weak demand.
The US inventories report also showed refineries in the country ramping up processing as the plant utilisation rate rose to 93.4 per cent of capacity from 91.5 per cent the prior week.
“This is likely due to anticipation for winter demand,” Ang said.
ECB policy outcome
Analysts said the crude market is next awaiting the outcome of a key European Central Bank meeting later today.
Europe’s single currency has suffered selling pressure ahead of the meeting, which is being watched to see if policymakers introduce monetary easing measures to kick-start the region’s sluggish economy.
Easing measures by central banks are closely watched by oil traders because of their impact on the US dollar. A stronger greenback makes dollar-priced crude more expensive for buyers using weaker currencies, hurting demand.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex trims early gainsWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Lending  deposit rates unlikely to change: BankersBanks unlikely to change lending, deposit rates after RBI policy review
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 21:25 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Interest rates, both for deposit and lending, are likely to remain steady as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday kept the key rate unchanged at its monetary policy review .
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said, "Interest rates are likely to remain unchanged."
Echoing similar views Yes Bank CEO and Managing Director Rana Kapoor said, "Base rate and benchmark prime lending rate are unlikely to see any downward revision at the moment. It can happen only after policy rate moderates."
However, Kapoor said, there could be some adjustment in interest rate of long tenure deposits of over 3 years.
Some banks have done this and some more could do it based on their asset liability position, Kapoor said, adding that a few more banks can make changes in the coming days as system has ample liquidity.
According to United Bank of India Executive Director Deepak Narang, margins of banks are already under pressure due to high NPA level. "So, I don't see a cut in the interest rate at the moment," he said.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday kept interest rate unchanged in his fifth bi-monthly policy review, saying that a shift in stance is 'premature' but hinted that a cut may come in early 2015 if inflation continues to ease and government acts on the fiscal side.
Accordingly, the repo rate is unchanged at 8 per cent while the cash reserve ratio continues to be at 4 per cent despite Wholesale Price Index-based (WPI) inflation falling to a 5-year low of 1.77 per cent in October.
The low inflation is not because of structural changes in the domestic economy but due to fall in international prices of crude oil, which has slumped to a historical low, said Shashwat Sharma, Partner - Financial services, KPMG India.
"Therefore, we understand and appreciate the RBI's stance on no cut in interest rates and look forward to structural changes by the government in the domestic economy," Sharma added.
However, the central bank has clearly opened the window for rate cuts to begin in the next monetary policy review in February 2015 or possibly earlier, Kapoor said.
"I see space for monetary accommodation to the tune of close to 100 basis point cut over the course of next 12 months in 2015-16," he added.

IPO Analysis: Monte Carlo public offer is worth a shotYou are here: Home > Collections
Valuations steep, but Monte Carlo IPO worth a shot
Rajesh Naidu, ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 02.49PM IST
Tags:
Goldman Sachs
(In 2002, to reduce its dependence…)
Monte Carlo Fashions, which owns the Monte Carlo apparel brand, is offering 54.33 lakh shares for sale in the primary market, including promoters' 18.5% stake and 7.5% of Mauritius-based private equity player Samara Capital. Samara Capital holds 18.5% stake in the company. Established in 1984 by Oswal Woollen Mills , Monte Carlo Fashions is known for midand premium winter wear such as woollen sweaters, jackets, caps and mufflers. In 2002, to reduce its dependence on woollen products, it forayed into cotton and blended cotton apparels, including tshirts, trousers, denims, suits and jackets.
The company has a premium wear brand for men, 'Paltine', and economy wear brand 'Cloak & Decker'.
It also has kids brand 'Tweens'. It derives close to 40% each from woollen apparels, and cotton and blended cotton apparels. Of the 191 exclusive stores in India, it owns 17; the rest operate on the franchise model. At present, the company derives 62% of its revenues from multi-brand outlets and the remaining from exclusive brand outlets. The company on Tuesday allotted 16.29 lakh shares at Rs 645 a share to anchor investors like Goldman Sachs , Aditya Birla PE, Tata MF and Birla Sun Life.
FINANCIALS: In the three years ended FY14, the company's net sales grew at 16.2% CAGR to Rs 503 crore and net profit grew at 6% CAGR to Rs 55 crore.
It has a long-term debt of Rs 95 crore and debt-to-equity ratio of 0.3. Its interest outgo is relatively less since a large part of is under the government's Technology Upgradtion Fund Scheme, which offers loans with interest rates in the 6-7% range.
VALUATION: The IPO price band has been fixed atRs 630-645. At the upper price band, it demands a PE multiple of 25.3, considering the earnings per share of Rs 25.5 for FY14. Among listed branded apparel companies, Kewal Kiran Clothing trades at a PE multiple of 24.1 and Page Industries at 41.1 and their brands are better known than Monte Carlo's.
The company will need to report stronger growth post the IPO to justify the valuation. The IPO opens on December 3 and will close on December 5.
Investors can subscribe to the offer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hurt and shocked  Gauahar Khan meets press over the slapping incidententertainment
‘Hurt and shocked’ Gauahar Khan meets press over the slapping incident
Reality TV star Gauahar Khan, who was slapped by an audience member for wearing a short dress while shooting a reality show, addressed a press conference in Mumbai on December 2. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Gauahar said she was “hurt and shocked” by the attack but the incident has made her stronger. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
“I thank my family, friends, fans, media, TV industry and film industry for all the love and support. I assure you all that I am hurt but not out. I am shocked but more determined. I felt injured but stronger than ever,” Gauahar told reporters. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The actress hopes the man, identified as Mohammed Akil Mallick (24) and currently in police custody, will get punished for his violent behaviour. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Gauahar gestures during the press meet.
She also said despite her shock she did not let the incident spoil the finale of the show and completed her shoot. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Former ‘Bigg Boss’ housemate and host of reality show, ‘India’s Raw Star’, Gauahar Khan was slapped by an audience member, while hosting the grand finale of the show on Sunday (November 30). (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The starlet was attacked and threatened by an audience member who said that, “being a Muslim woman, she should not have worn such a short dress”. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Gauahar was clearly upset as she took a seat after the incident. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
A stony-faced Gauahar Khan, gets her makeup and hair re-done on sets. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Gauahar Khan, later put on a brave face as she welcomed Bollywood actor Arjun Kapoor on stage. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Arjun Kapoor, who will next be seen in ‘Tevar’, opted for a black kurta with grey coloured dhoti pants. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Gauahar seemed to have recovered enough from the unpleasant incident, as she shook a leg with Arjun on stage. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Arjun obliges fans with a selfie. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Judge on the show, singer Himesh Reshammiya gets ready to announce the winner. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Winner of ‘India’s Raw Star’, Rituraj Mohanty accepts his award. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Arjun Kapoor, who was present to promote upcoming film, ‘Tevar’, watches the performances. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Six small-cap stocks mutual funds are bullish aboutequities
(Small and mid-cap stocks…)
As frontline stocks trade at steep valuations, domestic fund managers are scanning the lesser-known universe of mid- and small-cap stocks to identify winners. In November, domestic mutual funds bought shares of lesserknown companies such as Atul Auto, Deccan Cements, Mayur Uniquoters, Rane Holdings, Shakti Pumps and TRF, which are tracked by very fewer analysts.
Small-cap and mid-cap stocks have risen sharply since the beginning of the year after a long lull. While Sensex rose 32% between January and October, the BSE Mid-cap index surged 47% and the BSE Small-cap index by 67%. This has boosted the performance of mid-cap and small-cap funds, which has, in turn, compelled retail investors to pump in money into mid- and small-cap schemes. However, overall mutual fund investment in equities has declined to Rs 1,677 crore in November compared with an average of Rs 5,000 crore per month between June and October.
Atul Auto CMP: Rs 554.60
WHO BOUGHT: Birla Mutual Fund
HOW MUCH: 5 lakh shares
LIKELY TRIGGERS: Atul Auto, a three-wheeler vehicle maker in the cargo segment, has been rerated since September 2013.
The stock, which has risen over 267% so far this year, is trading at 31 times one-year trailing earnings. Despite the surge, Atul Auto shares still have some steam left in them thanks to the better return ratios than some of its large-cap peers, said analysts. "If its entry into metros and export markets proves successful, it could jump into the next growth phase much ahead of the industry," said Rohan Korde, analyst, Anand Rathi.
Mayur Uniquoters CMP: Rs 430
WHO BOUGHT: DSP BlackRock Mutual Fund
HOW MUCH: 2.50 lakh shares
LIKELY TRIGGERS: A manufacturer of raw materials used in automobile seat covers, footwear, furnishing and upholstery, Mayur Uniquoters has gained 154% since January. The stock is trading at a price-to-earnings multiple of 16.5 times 2016-17 estimated earnings and 21.7 times 2015-16 estimated earnings. Sudeep Anand, analyst, IDBI Capital, said, "Earnings CAGR (compounded annual growth rate) of over 25% over the next three years with a healthy return ratio adds to our confi dence in the company."
Shakti Pumps (India) CMP: Rs 205.10
WHO BOUGHT: Franklin Templeton Mutual
HOW MUCH: 3.35 lakh shares
LIKELY TRIGGERS: It is one of the largest players in India's fragmented Rs 2,300-crore agriculture pumps market.
"While exports should grow at a decent clip, we expect domestic revenue growth to pick up driven by the anticipated shift in market share," said Abhinav Sharma of HDFC Securities. "At 13.7 times trailing 12 months EPS, we believe the stock is reasonably valued, given the huge opportunity available."
Deccan Cements CMP: Rs 369.30
WHO BOUGHT: UTI Mutual Fund
HOW MUCH: 1.5 lakh shares
LIKELY TRIGGERS: The share has risen about 130% so far in 2014 on hopes the creation of the new state of Telangana will lead to new infrastructure projects, boosting demand for cement.
The Hyderabad-based company has reduced its debt in the last four years. Its debtto-equity ratio has dropped from 1.93 times in 2009-10 to 0.89 times in 2013-14. A healthy balance sheet will boost Deccan Cements' growth in a robust economic environment, said Ashika Stock Broking.
Rane Holding CMP: Rs 677.50
WHO BOUGHT: Sundaram Mutual Fund
HOW MUCH: 1.86 lakh shares
LIKELY TRIGGERS: A holding entity of Rane Group, which makes auto components, the company owns four subsidiary companies, including Rane Madras, Rane Brake and Rane Engine Valve, three joint venture companies and two associate companies. After a couple of patchy years, the group is looking to turn around. Analysts said the stock is not cheap at 42 times one-year trailing earnings but growth rates are steady. The company's sales have grown at about 23% CAGR over the last fi ve years. Profi ts have risen 24% CAGR during the same period.
TRF CMP: Rs 387.80
WHO BOUGHT: Sundaram Mutual Fund
HOW MUCH: 3.5 lakh shares
LIKELY TRIGGERS: A Tata group company that makes machines for construction & agriculture industries, the company did not have any foreign institutional investors as on September 30. TRF reported a consolidated net loss of Rs 28 crore for the year ended March due to decline in project orders. Investors and analysts feel the company would be a turnaround story once the economy recovers and orders start fl owing in.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Small IT players fall way behind biggies like Infosys  Wipro  HCL TechnologiesYou are here: Home > Collections > Companies
Small IT players fall way behind biggies like Infosys, Wipro, HCL Technologies
Ranjit Shinde, ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 10.45AM IST
Tags:
HCL Technologies
(Top-five IT players in total…)
The chasm between the big and small companies in India's information technology sector has widened in the past few years with large companies becoming larger and more profitable and the smaller counterparts struggling to meet investors' growth expectations.
An analysis, by ET Intelligence Group, of the reported financials of locally listed IT companies shows the share of top-five IT players in total revenue grew to 78.2% in the 12 months to September from 70.5% in the same period in 2011. The share was lower at around 68% seven years ago. The topfive players are: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Infosys , Wipro , HCL Technologies , and Tech Mahindra.
The sample has over 100 listed IT players who have declared financial results in each of the past 16 quarters.
"IT services business is a scale game.
Here, size is synonymous with growth," said Akhilesh Tuteja, who heads IT practice at KPMG . The top IT players can adapt and deliver solutions across various technology platforms and they do not have significant gaps in their deliverables portfolio, he said. Another factor in their favour is the comfort factor they offer clients.
Larger clients prefer tried and tested vendors while deploying key projects.
"The big money today is in large application support and management projects — mid-tier services firms are stuck with more one-time projectbased revenue. This has been a challenge especially for companies focused on embedded/product engineering kind of business," said PN Sudarshan, senior director, Deloitte India.
Apart from the variation in growth rates, there is also a gap in the operating profitability of the big and small companies. The top-five had an aggregate operating margin of 23% in 12 months to September, up from 21.6% in the 12 months to September 2011.
In contrast, the rest of the sample reported a sharp fall in the operating margin to 2% in the 12 months ended September from 9.4% three years ago.
Tuteja said small IT services companies incur more cost to secure revenue since they have to chase a lot more prospective clients than the big companies, resulting in relatively lower margin. In comparison, larger vendors enjoy greater proximity to bigger clients. Though the IT services segment looks less promising for medium and small companies, the products and platform segment is still lucrative. Smaller companies with niche focus on a particular technology and those with intellectual property-related revenue often tend to grow faster than the large IT services player.
"Small companies can grow by creating a niche, developing a product and synergising through acquisitions," said Tuteja. According to Sudarshan, small companies need to minimise the play on linear services and move to solutions.
"They have to invest in start-ups with products that complement their core strengths. Mid-tier companies also may need to define their internal structure such that the day-to-day services-centric revenue generation doesn't eclipse future-looking initiatives to become a player with clearer value proposition.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RIP my little brother! Australia bid emotional farewell to HughesBy: Reuters | Macksville |
Posted: December 3, 2014 10:51 am | Updated: December 3, 2014 2:19 pm
Australia bid an emotional farewell to cricketer Phillip Hughes at a funeral in his hometown on Wednesday with a live coast-to-coast broadcast allowing a nation to unite in celebration of the life of a sportsman cut down in his prime. (Also Read: I keep looking for him, says emotional Clarke)
Eight days after Hughes was struck by a ball on the back of the head and six after he died from the catastrophic injuries that resulted, his family, friends and a host of cricketing greats gathered at Macksville High School.
Cricket Australia Chief Executive James Sutherland spoke for many when he tried to make sense of the huge outpouring of grief that followed the tragic death of the lefthanded batsman a few days short of his 26th birthday.
“The wave of emotion that has washed over our country this past week tells us so much about the affection millions felt for Phillip and also about the privileged place cricket has near the heart of this nation,” he said.
(View: Cricket must return to refresh and invigorate us)
“Quite simply, the boy from this proud community of Macksville, personified the spirit of Australian cricket.
“Ever since Bradman, the image of the innocent country boy playing in the backyard while dreaming of wearing a baggy green cap has become entrenched in our psyche. It’s our foundation myth as a cricketing nation.”
Some 1,000 mourners, mostly locals with a smattering of luminaries including Prime Minister Tony Abbott, dabbed away tears and perspiration in the baking heat of the school hall with thousands more watching on screens in the sunshine outside. (Also Read: Best quotes from tributes to Hughes)
From the eulogies, they learned of a beloved son, brother, cousin and friend whose passion for cricket was matched only by his enthusiasm for the Angus cattle he helped raise on the family farm.
They were also reminded of a small town boy with a prodigious talent for hitting a ball with a bat who headed down the coast to big city Sydney as a teenager and ended up playing 26 Tests for his country.
Australia captain Michael Clarke broke down in tears for the second time in a few days as he paid public tribute to his former team mate and friend.
“Phillip’s spirit, which is now part of our game forever, will act as a custodian of the sport we all love. We must listen to it,” he said, struggling to contain his emotions.
“We must cherish it. We must learn from it. We must dig in and get through to tea. And we must play on.
“So rest in peace my little brother. I will see you out in the middle.”
CRICKET GREATS
Australian greats of the game such as Shane Warne, Ricky Ponting and Glenn McGrath were in attendance, while Richard Hadlee, Brian Lara and India captain Virat Kohli represented the wider cricket world.
New South Wales paceman Sean Abbott, who delivered the bouncer that dealt the fatal blow in a state match at the Sydney Cricket Ground last Tuesday, was also among the mourners.
When he suffered the injury, Hughes was batting for a recall to the Australia side for the opening match in the Test series against India, which has since been rescheduled.
Tributes continued to flood in from around the world on Wednesday, many joining the viral campaign to get people to place cricket bats outside homes, workplaces and at sports grounds in tribute to Hughes.
Hughes’s own bat rested against the coffin throughout a service which concluded with “Don’t Let The Sun Go Down On Me”, the song Elton John dedicated to the cricketer when he played it in a concert in Munich last week.
Clarke and fellow cricketers Aaron Finch and Tom Cooper joined Hughes’s father and brother among the pallbearers and delivered the coffin to the hearse, which then set off in a procession through the town.
Hughes was cremated in a private ceremony.

Cricket must return to refresh and invigorate usWritten by Harsha Bhogle |
Posted: December 3, 2014 1:59 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 12:49 pm
This is a build up to a series quite unlike any before it. And may it never be so again. This is a troubled time for our sport. May it never have to go through this again.
By now, we in India should have been excited at the prospect of what is a very inexperienced Indian team taking on a side that — a bit like itself — wins at home and struggles overseas. We should have been asking ourselves if, dare it even be whispered, an Indian team could field four fast bowlers at the Gabba; indeed even whether the word “fast” could, just for once, be an appropriate description. We should have relished the opportunity of seeing a young and extremely talented batting side playing on what Sachin Tendulkar recently called the best batting pitches in the world. And we should have been checking to see if Virat Kohli could indeed be the heir, a word bestowed on us by our history and our politics, to the Indian captaincy.
By now, we should have had Australian cricketers of varied vintage writing India off, for in truth, no team plays only against eleven Australians, they play against a nation and a culture. There should have been talk of putting the “fear of death” into India’s batsmen, a statement once so common and now suddenly so vulgar and inappropriate. Fingers would have been pointed at India’s overseas record, so meagre that a draw is often seen as a favourable result.
And we would all have been looking forward to sunshine and glorious cricket.
But this is a series quite unlike any before it. It is a series that neither side is really prepared to play. It is not uncommon for India to be underdone for the lessons of history have often been wasted. It is my sixth tour to Australia and four times India have lost the first test and only once, battled to save it. India should play at least two first class games before the first test. To play two two-day games against opposition cobbled together is to practice on sand dunes before an expedition to a mountain peak. India haven’t played a test match since the tour of England where the dramatic win at Lords was followed by a slide of rather epic proportions. The West Indies went home and the one-day series against Sri Lanka was a feast against unprepared, dare one say unwilling, opponents.
And what of Australia? A nation that sees itself as tough and unrelenting, whose coat of arms beseeches it to never take a backward step is grieving uncontrollably. I have often believed Australians to be sensitive people trying their best to hide behind a different, carefully cultivated image. The Australian way in sport is to wade into situations, to continued…

Dan Brown s city tour: How aamchi Mumbai became Da Vinci MumbaiWith one best-selling writer as a visitor and another as a tour guide, here is what happened when Dan Brown and Ashwin Sanghi had a day about town.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Put together a celebrated city and two marquee writers and what you get is a story worth telling. Last month, author Dan Brown enthralled audiences in Delhi and Mumbai with talks that touched upon subjects close to his heart and writing — such as codes, science and religion.
In Mumbai, he took questions from Indian author Ashwin Sanghi about his writing process at the NCPA's Tata Theatre. The conversation between the two writers continued post-event, over dinner — and even the next day, when Sanghi gave Brown a guided tour of some of Mumbai's landmarks, away from prying eyes.
"I received a call from him (Brown) around lunchtime the next day," says Sanghi. "He asked if I had a couple of hours free to show him around." Brown didn't have a wishlist. He left the itinerary planning to Sanghi.
Sanghi says that this made his job much easier. And instead of choosing the same old attractions, Sanghi put together a list befitting Brown's philosophical bent of mind.
The plan included the Tower of Silence at Kemps Corner, the Keneseth Eliyahoo synagogue at Kala Ghoda, the St Thomas' Cathedral in Fort, the Babulnath and Mahalaxmi temples and lastly, the Haji Ali dargah. "I didn't want to take him (Brown) to touristy spots," Sanghi says. "I wanted to take him to places that have stories at tached to them that we could share and exchange our views on."
One such place was the very first on the list — the Tower of Silence. "The Parsi community has a very different ritual for the dead. Dan was fascinated by it. He even got a detailed, 10-minute walk-through from the caretaker about the process," says Sanghi.
Next on the list was the synagogue, which offered the two authors the right setting to discuss the ancient connections between Judaism and Hinduism. Similarly, the twin temples, Babulnath and Mahalaxmi, were the ideal background for a dialogue on the concepts of Shiva and Shakti. "During those few hours of sightseeing, we had a 100 things to talk about," Sanghi says.
At the end of the 100-thing conversation, the writers found themselves on the same page. Sanghi posed a question to Brown. "Do you have a definition for what is God?" Brown's response was God equals gaps, gaps in science. Anything that couldn't be explained by science is termed divine, he said. And for Sanghi? Infinity (all that exists) minus knowledge (all that we know) is God. That is, like Brown, he too believes that God is equal to gaps.

Where whisky and whiskey are worlds apartWhere whisky and whiskey are worlds apart
By IANS | 2 Dec, 2014, 02.33PM IST
Even Bourbon and Tennessee whiskeys, which together set a new US record in 2013 with exports exceeding $1 billion to both established and emerging markets, are different.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LOUISVILLE (KENTUCKY): There is a world of difference between what India, the world's largest whisky drinking nation, cheers with and what connoisseurs call the American 'whiskey' spelt with an 'e', for starters.
What Indians drink, particularly the cheaper stuff, is largely made from cane sugar, whereas the top selling American brands like Jack Daniel's and Jim Beam must be produced from grain, one learns on the American whiskey trail.
Master distillers tell the trailers that the five things that make Kentucky Bourbon and Tennessee whiskeys uniquely American products include spring water, grain recipes and distillation process to their maturation in new charred oak barrels that are only used once.
Even Bourbon and Tennessee whiskeys, which together set a new US record in 2013 with exports exceeding $1 billion to both established and emerging markets, are different. And there are many other variations giving each a distinct aroma, colour and taste.
One's 'spirituous' journey into the cultural heritage and history of spirits in America, courtesy the US Distilled Spirits Council, begins from the historic Mount Vernon home of the first US president George Washington, just a few miles outside the US capital.
Unlike India's 'father of the nation', Mahatma Gandhi, a retired Washington had no qualms about starting a distillery in 1797 when told by his Scottish farm manager James Anderson that it would make a good business. Dressed in period costumes, Mount Vernon's new Master Distiller Steven T. Bashore and his team are once again producing whiskey using the 18th century distilling techniques in an authentically rebuilt distillery on the very foundations of the old one.
Restored in 2007 at a cost of $2 million, the distillery has this year produced a limited edition George Washington Peach Brandy Eau de Vie, 800 bottles of which just went on sale at Mount Vernon for $150 each.
Our next stop takes us to scenic Cascade Hollow, not far from Tullahoma, Tennessee, where a Nashville merchant, George A. Dickel, set up a distillery in 1870. Calling his brew as good as the finest scotch, Dickel spelled whisky without an "e."
Using the same fresh water from Cascade Springs that Dickel used, the restored George Dickel distillery crafts its brew with modern machines, but practically the same processes, says distiller Allisa Henley.
To be labelled as Bourbon, a whiskey must contain at least 51 percent corn in its natural grain mix and follow a strict processing regimen.
Making Tennessee whiskey takes an extra step called "charcoal mellowing" by seeping distilled whiskey through vats packed with charcoal made from aged, hard sugar maple trees.
It's then aged for at least seven summers in new char-lined wooden barrels in single storey warehouses made out of sheet metal to get a consistent flavour.
The old barrels are sold among others to London-based Diageo, who use it to age their famed Johnnie Walker Scotch whisky in flat Scottish weather, Henley says.
On to Jack Daniel's in Lynchburg, Tennessee, the oldest registered distillery in the US set up in 1866.
America's top selling brand Daniel's mellows its whiskey - with an 'e' - by letting it drip through 10 feet of charcoal.
"The real secret to our whiskey is the pure, iron-free cave spring water from the Hollow," says Chris Fletcher, assistant master distiller, the grandson of the legendary master distiller Frank "Frog" Bobo.
Next afternoon brings us to Jim Beam distillery in Clermont, Kentucky, the maker of the world's best selling Bourbon.
Here Master Distiller Fred Noe III, great grandson of the legendary Jim Beam, keeps up the 200-year-old family tradition.
Beam, the fourth-generation family distiller, renovated and rebuilt his distillery in a mere 120 days at the age of 70 after America ended its experiment with prohibition in 1933 after 13 dry years. "I am mighty glad he did that," said Noe.
Special bottles made in various shapes and other memorabilia are on display in a room with the floor painted with the names of all the countries Noe's granduncle T. Jeremiah Beam travelled to. He stopped by India in 1971.
Maker's Mark in Loretto, Kentucky, on the banks of Hardin's Creek, the oldest working distillery running on the very site where it was established as a gristmill distillery in 1805, is our next port of call.
Both Jim Beam and Maker's Mark are now owned by the best-selling Japanese whisky maker Suntory, but their traditions have not changed.
Merger has only made their portfolio much bigger and more international in scope with the addition of Japanese, Scotch, Irish and Canadian whiskies, said Noe.
The Woodford Reserve distillery standing right in the middle of Kentucky's famous horse country near a beautiful town called Versailles - and pronounced as it's spelt in the American way - too has been restored to its former 1800 splendour.
The historic distillery still cooks its mash in wooden tanks and distils it in old fashioned copper pot stills under the watchful eye of master distiller Chris Morris.
Up a hill overlooking Kentucky River in Lawrenceburg is Wild Turkey distillery where master distiller Jimmy Russell, who turned 80 this month, has been at it for the last 60 years.
But the grand old man of American whiskey hasn't made any changes in the way America's third top selling brand is made since the Italian Campari group purchased it in 2009.
Our final stop is Stitzel-Weller distillery just outside Louisville. Here inspired by his great-great-grandfather Augustus Bulleit, who made his signature high-rye whiskey in the mid-1800s, Tom Bulleit has revived an old family Bourbon recipe.
Now owned by Diageo, which last year bought India's largest liquor company United Spirits Ltd, the same Bulleit experience may soon hit Indian markets.
And with that our odyssey comes to an end, leaving one to echo American author Mark Twain as cited by Morris: "When the end of the world comes, I want to be in Kentucky, because everything there happens 20 years after it happens anywhere else."

Tiger Woods is now Hero Group s brand ambassadorTiger Woods is now Hero Group's global brand ambassador
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 05.16PM IST
Tags:
Hero group
(Hero Group signed US golf…)
ORLANDO: India's two-wheeler giant, the Hero Group, has signed American golf legend Tiger Woods as its brand ambassador in a four-year deal that targets capturing new markets in North America and Europe.
The deal, for an undisclosed amount, can be termed as the biggest for an Indian manufacturer in terms of association with a global icon is concerned.
Interestingly, the announcement has come two days before the start of the prestigious PGA event World Challenge, which is hosted by Tiger Woods Foundation and Hero MotoCorp Ltd as the title sponsors.
"We have gone beyond the Hero World Challenge and we will also have Tiger Woods as our corporate partner for the next four years starting from December 1," Pawan Munjal , Managing Director, Hero Motocorp Limited, told a select media gathering here.
"It is an endorsement deal with Tiger Woods in which he will not only be partnering but also promoting Hero as a brand across the globe," Munjal said adding that "It is not just for the US market."
Hero Group is world's largest two-wheeler manufacturer but still considered only a domestic player. Joining hands with Woods is clearly a move to create a space at global level. The 38-year-old golf legend is a 14-time major championship winner, second only to Jack Nicklaus (18).
Asked what made them choose a player, whose reputation took a beating five years back due to his infidelity scandal, Munjal said they have taken a very "conscious" decision.
"Let me tell you, we are absolutely thrilled to be in a partnership with Tiger. Hero and Tiger together represent the best in our respective professions. Whatever happened is now all behind him. He went public, apologised for what has happened and he is back in the game," Munjal said.
"People are back with him, many corporates are back with him and obviously Hero took a very conscious call," he added, explaining the move.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I don t know about you  but I keep looking for himBy: Reuters | Macksville |
Posted: December 3, 2014 12:28 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 9:34 pm
Australia captain Michael Clarke urged mourners to “dig in and get through to tea” as he choked back tears in an emotional eulogy for Phillip Hughes at the cricketer’s funeral on Wednesday .
A near-constant presence at Hughes’s bedside during his two-day fight for life, Clarke sucked back deep breaths at Macksville High School hall during the tribute to his “little brother’s” spirit.
“Oh, he would definitely be calling me a sook (crybaby) right now, that’s for sure,” Clarke began, gasping for air in the stifling hot room packed with 1,000 people.
“I don’t know about you, but I keep looking for him. I know it is crazy but I expect any minute to take a call from him or to see his face pop around the corner.
“Is this what we call the spirit? If so, then his spirit is still with me. And I hope it never leaves.”
Hughes died last Thursday at the age of 25 , two days after being rushed to hospital for emergency surgery, having been struck by a rising delivery during a domestic match at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Clarke joined fellow cricketers and Hughes’s father and brother among the pallbearers in delivering the coffin to the hearse before it set off in procession through the cricketer’s hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
The 33-year-old skipper spoke of his visit to the SCG wicket on the night of Hughes’s death.
“I knelt down and touched the grass, I swear he was with me,” said Clarke, who had helped usher Hughes into Australia’s state ranks then the national team.
“Picking me up off my feet to check if I was okay. Telling me we just needed to dig in and get through to tea.
“Telling me off for that loose shot I played. Chatting about what movie we might watch that night. And then passing on a useless fact about cows.
“And I could see him swagger back to the other end, grin at the bowler, and call me through for a run with such a booming voice, a bloke in the car park would hear it.
“Is this what indigenous Australians believe continued…

Abbott attends Hughes  funeral  given his space by mediaBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 3, 2014 5:36 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 6:20 pm
Covering the widely watched funeral of late Phillip Hughes, Channel Nine producers gave Sean Abbott his moment of space by deliberately keeping the camera away from the New South Wales pacer, while the proceedings went on live.
In what probably would have been the toughest day for Abbott, whose bouncer was responsible for Hughes’ injury, the media respected the pacer’s sentiments by maintaining a distance.
Dressed in a dark blue suit, Abbott, 22, walked alongside his parents down the street towards the school hall where the funeral was held as photographers clicked a few pictures.
Abbott’s girlfriend, Brier Neil, had grabbed the player’s waist tightly as she walked next to him down Wallace Street, through the Macksville locals and into the sanctuary of the RSL club, reported Sydney Morning Herald.
Knowing the camera lenses were well and truly fixed on him, Abbott did not falter once.
Other mourners reached out to shake Abbott’s hand, most notably former Test and one-day cricket player Dean Jones, before he joined his NSW teammates for the service.
His mother, Georgina, and father, Nathan, have stood with their eldest son as rock during the past week, as have dozens of cricketers who have supported the youngster in these terrible times.
After numerous counselling sessions that the young player was taken through post Hughes’ demise two days after the fateful incident, Abbott had returned to the ‘nets’ on Tuesday.

Govt likely to put ban on single smokes on holdGovt likely to put on hold its ban on loose cigarettes
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 21:05 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A Health Ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations against taking drastic regulatory steps.
At a meeting called by Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu, Health Minister JP Nadda assured the MPs that he would look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and industry before taking any policy decision.
He convened the meeting after getting representations from tobacco-growing farmers associations in the two states on the likely adverse impact on their livelihood due to the proposed amendment to the Cigarettes and other Tobacco Products Act .
Union Ministers, besides MPs from two major tobacco-producing states Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, including Ananth Kumar, Nirmala Sitharaman and Mohanbhai Kundaria, were present at the meeting where Nadda was told to address all concerns and to refrain from taking any hasty step.
Naidu, who also discussed the issue with Agriculture Minister Radhamohan Singh, said tobacco and arecanut are two important cash crops in the country and in many parts, the livelihood of farmers depend on them.
According to sources, the parliamentarians were of the view that without providing suitable alternatives to cash crops in tobacco and arecanut-growing areas, farmers should not be penalised by introducing drastic regulatory measures.
Naidu, who hails from Andhra Pradesh, said the proposed regulatory amendments will only result in shift in consumption from cigarettes to other cheaper tobacco products, like bidis and chewing tobaccos, without curtailing overall tobacco consumption.
Government sources said an inter-ministerial consensus over the issue is also unlikely to evolve soon.

BPCL to invest over Rs 4 588 cr in petrochemicals pushBPCL to invest Rs 4,588 crore in petrochemicals push to boost margins
Aman Shah     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 18:03 IST
A worker rides a bicycle at the Bharat Petroleum Corporation (BPCL) refinery in Mumbai. (Photo for representation. Source: Reuters)
Bharat Petroleum (BPCL) on Wednesday said it will invest Rs 4,588 crore (US $741.44 million) to diversify into the petrochemicals business, a move that will help the state-run refiner boost margins by expanding beyond refining and retailing.
BPCL will produce niche petrochemical products , that are predominantly imported into the country, at its Kochi refinery using propylene that will be available once the ongoing refinery expansion is completed, the company said in a statement.
The state-run company plans to boost capacity at its Kochi refinery to 310,000 barrels per day (bpd) from the current 190,000 bpd by May 2016.
The project proposal will now be submitted for obtaining environmental clearance and the petrochemical unit is expected to come on stream during financial year 2018-2019, BPCL said.
(Reuters)

Selectors to pick 30 probables for 2015 WC on ThursdayBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 3, 2014 4:18 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 8:56 pm
The preliminary list of 30 Indian probables for the upcoming World Cup in Australia and New Zealand is to be finalised in Mumbai on Thursday by the national selectors, who may include a few proven but currently out-of-form cricketers.
The meeting of the five-member selection panel headed by Sandeep Patil is scheduled for 1 pm, Cricket Board (BCCI) secretary Sanjay Patel informed PTI.
Among the proven performers, who are currently not in top form but were members of the victorious 2011 squad, are Yuvraj Singh, Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Harbhajan Singh and Ashish Nehra.
Yuvraj, who won the Player of the Tournament award in the 2011 World Cup, has been woeful with the bat recently. So it would be interesting to see if the selectors feel he is still good enough to be included in the preliminary list before it is pruned down by January 7th and sent to the ICC ahead of the February 14-March 29 mega event.
The 32-year-old left hander has scored only one half century in the recent Vijay Hazare Trophy and failed in the only innings he figured in for North Zone in the Deodhar Trophy.
Will it be enough for the Punjab batting all rounder, who bowls slow left arm spin, to get into the extended Cup squad, especially with two other players of similar style -– Ravindra Jadeja and Axar Patel –- is a big question.
Another top performer with the bat who is especially suited for Australian conditions is Virender Sehwag. The Delhi batsman like Yuvraj, has done precious little of note in recent times.
His scores, barring an innings of 80 against Haryana in the north zone one-day league, are nothing much to shout about, but he too may be seen as an X factor for his past record. But at 36, he looks a long shot though he said Tuesday he was eager to make the cut.
His Delhi opening partner Gautam Gambhir, also a member of the victorious 2011 ensemble, has shown much better form and looks the more likely candidate to be among those picked in the preliminary list.
Then there are the experienced North Zone bowlers –- off spinner Harbhajan Singh and left-arm seam bowler Ashish Nehra –- who have a good chance to make the list without really catching the eye with their recent performance.
Harbhajan, who has not been in the selectors’ radar for some time now with Parvez Rasool getting the nod ahead of him after first choice offie R Ashwin, could make the list without doing anything spectacular since being dropped.
Nehra is, perhaps, the fittest among the leading left arm pace exponents at present with both Zaheer Khan and Irfan Pathan still having fitness problems. He has also played regularly in the Champions T20 League and the domestic one-day games and has taken a few wickets too even though at 35, age is against him.
Otherwise, the selectors are expected to retain the 14 names that they selected for the last two continued…

Woodland expanding its footprint in IndiaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Woodland expanding its footprint in India
It has seen several economic cycles, competition, and ever changing customer tastes and after two decades of being around in the market, Woodland India seems just as excited about the future as it was when it started out.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
It has seen several economic cycles, competition, and ever changing customer tastes and after two decades of being around in the market, Woodland India seems just as excited about the future as it was when it started out. With the economic mood lifting across the country, the outdoor apparel and shoe maker is strapping up to make the most of improving customer sentiment. Zahra khan and Farah Bookwala Vhora give us more details.
RELATED NEWS

Janata Parivar to discuss merger todayNew Delhi, December 4, 2014
Updated: December 4, 2014 00:53 IST
Janata Parivar to discuss merger today
Smita Gupta
Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh
TOPICS
parties and movements
Mulayam Singh is likely to emerge as the leader
The Janata Dal is likely to be resurrected on Thursday with one of the proposed names — Samajwadi Janata Dal — when members of the Janata Parivar parties gather at 1 p.m. at Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh’s residence here to work out the details of the proposed merger.
As Mulayam Singh is the senior-most leader in the group and his party has the largest number of seats in it — five in the Lok Sabha and 15 in the Rajya Sabha — he is likely to emerge as the leader, sources in the Janata Parivar said.
The Janata Dal-United, the Rashtriya Janata Dal, the Samajwadi Party, the Indian National Lok Dal, the Janata Dal-S and the Samajwadi Janata Party will attend the meeting. Those likely to attend are SP’s Ramgopal Yadav, JD-U’s Nitish Kumar, Sharad Yadav and K.C. Tyagi, RJD’s Lalu Prasad, INLD’s Dushyant Chautala, JD-S’s H.D. Deve Gowda and SJP’s Kamal Morarka.
National party status
If the merger goes through, the new party will have 15 Lok Sabha MPs, and 7.06 per cent of the national vote, making the outfit eligible for national party status. A senior JD-U leader told The Hindu that the new party will apply to the Election Commission to be recognised as a national party.
According to the present rules, any political party that “wins at least two per cent seats in the House of the People (i.e., 11 seats in the existing House having 543 members), and these members are elected from at least three different States,” then the party is eligible.
The Janata Parivar’s group of 15 draws its MPs from four States, Bihar (RJD-4 plus JD-U-2), Uttar Pradesh (SP-5), Haryana (INLD-2) and Karnataka (JD-S-2). Of course, it remains to be seen whether the EC accepts a post-poll arrangement.
The move comes 26 years after the V.P. Singh-led Janata Dal was formed on October 11, 1988, out of a range of socialist splinter outfits.

His spirit is with me and I hope it never leaves: Michael Clarkecricket
Australian captain Michael Clarke broke down as he paid a moving tribute to Phil Hughes during the funeral ceremony in Macksville on Wednesday. Following is the full text of his address:
He would definitely be calling me a sook right now. I am humbled to be in the presence of you, his family, his friends, and his community. He was so proud of Macksville and it’s easy to see why today.
Taken from [us all] at the age of 25, he left a mark on our game that leaves no embellishment. I don’t know about you, but I keep looking for him. I know it’s crazy, but I expect any minute to take a call from him or see his face pop around the corner.
Is this what we call the spirit? If so, then his spirit is still with me and I hope it never leaves. I walked out into the middle of the SCG on Thursday night, those same blades of grass beneath my feet, where he and I and so many of his mates here today have built partnerships, taken chances and lived out the dreams we painted in our heads as boys.
The same stands where the crowds rose to their feet to cheer him on, and the same fence he sent the ball to time and time again.
It’s now forever the place where he fell. I stood at the wicket and knelt down to touch the grass and I swear he was with me, picking me up off my feet to check if I was OK, telling me we just needed to dig in, and get through to tea. Telling me off for that loose shot I had played, chatting about what movie we would watch that night, and then passing on a useless fact about cows.
I could see him swagger back to the other end, grin at the bowler, then call me through for a run with such a booming voice a bloke in the car park could hear it.
The heart of a man who lived his life for this wonderful game we play, whose soul enriched not just our sport, but all of our lives.
Is this what indigenous Australians believe about a person’s spirit being connected to the land upon which they walk? If so, I know they are right about the SCG.
His spirit has touched it, and it will forever be a sacred ground for me. I can feel his presence there, and I can see how he has touched so many people around the world.
The tributes to him from cricket lovers across the globe have kept me going. The photos, the words and the sense of communion in this sense of loss has shown me his spirit is in action. It has sustained me and overwhelmed me in equal measure, and the love of my band of Baggy Green and Gold brothers and sisters have held me upright when I felt I could not proceed.
His spirit has brought us closer together, something I know must be him at work because it is so consistent with how he played and lived. He always wanted to bring people together, always wanted to celebrate his love for the game and its people.
Is this what we call the spirit of cricket? From the little girl in Karachi holding a candle-light tribute, to masters of the game like Tendulkar, Warne and Lara showing their grief to the world, the spirit of cricket binds us all together.
We feel it in the thrill of a cover-drive, or the taking of a screamer in gully, whether by a 12-year-old boy in Worcester or by Brendon McCullum in Dubai.
It is in the brilliant hundred and five-wicket haul, just as significant to the players in a western suburbs club game, as it is in a Test match.
The bonds that lead to cricketers around the world leaving their bats out, that saw people who didn’t even know Phillip leave flowers at the gates of Lord’s, and that brought every cricketing nation on earth to make its own heartfelt tribute.
The bonds that saw players old and new rush to his bedside, from wherever they heard the news to say their prayers and farewells.
This is what makes our game the greatest in the world.
Phillip’s spirit, which is now part of our game forever, will act as a custodian of the sport we all love. We must listen to it, we must cherish it, we must learn from it, we must dig in... dig in, and get through to tea. And we must play on.
So rest in peace, my little brother. I’ll see you out in the middle.

After Pepsi and ITC  Balaji to now challenge...After PepsiCo's Lays and ITC's Bingo, Balaji Wafers to now challenge McCain India in the potato snack segment
Shramana Ganguly, ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Balaji Wafers
(Neel Kotak, MD and CEO at…)
AHMEDABAD: Balaji, one of the largest regional potato wafers and snacks brand, will soon foray into French fries and other frozen potato specialty products, a top company official said.
"Our French fries plant would be ready by May 2015," said Chandu Virani, MD of Balaji Wafers . Currently, McCain Foods (India), a wholly-owned subsidiary of its Canadian parent, rules the potato specialty market with frozen products such as French fries, aloo tikka, McCain Smiles and McCain Potato Cheese Shotz.
Balaji will enter this space through Iscon Balaji Foods , which currently manufactures ready-to-cook potato flakes. The firm, which has a strong backend supply of potatoes, will manufacture french fries near Ahmedabad. "French fries is future... everyone is eating that," said Virani who recently visited machinery manufacturers in Germany for the new project costing about Rs 50 crore.
Neel Kotak, MD and CEO at Iscon Balaji, said, "We will have a number of potato speciality products, including Indianised innovations to compliment french fries."
While french fries plant would be up and running by May, other products would be launched by October. The products would be made available for quick service restaurants and institutional buyers, apart from selling directly to consumers at organised retail stores.
Balaji, which withstood competition from PepsiCo's Lays and ITC's Bingo in the Rs 3,000-crore Indian potato wafers market, plans to enter the capital market next year by offloading about 10% stake and raise about Rs 400 crore.
The Rajkot-based company earlier this year shelved plans of a stake sale after talks with private equity funds broke down due to valuation differences. A person familiar with the negotiations said, "They (the PE) reworked on initial valuations by EY (Rs 4,000 crore) and brought it to Rs 3,650 crore and finally, quoted afigure of Rs 2,600 crore."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt mulls ways to recover $195.3 mn from RILGovernment mulls ways to recover $195.3 million from Reliance Industries
ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
BP Plc
(Reliance has already initiated…)
NEW DELHI: The government is considering ways to recover $195.3 million from the contractor of the KG-D6 Block because it has disallowed development costs of $2.376 billion, oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan told the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday. The block is operated by Reliance Industries and its partners BP Plc that holds 30% interest and Niko Resources which has 10%. The government penalised the contractor for the steep fall in gas output, for which Reliance blames the complex geology.
Reliance has already initiated arbitration against the government decision to disallow costs and argued that there is no contractual provision for such action by authorities.
An oil ministry statement said: "The Minister of State (I/C) for Petroleum & Natural Gas Shri Dharmendra Pradhan informed the Rajya Sabha in a written reply today that the ministry vide its letter dated 02.05.2012, 10.09.2013, 14.11.2013 and 10.07.2014, had disallowed development cost based on the cumulative shortfall in production of gas vis-a-vis production estimates under the approved AIDP (Addendum to Initial Development Plan) for corresponding years incurred by the Contractor."
The statement said the total disallowed development costs as on March 31 this year amounts to $2.376 billion. "As a result of above disallowance of a portion of contract cost, contractor is liable to pay additional profit petroleum of $195,341,957 to the government for period up to the 2013-14," it said.
"The possible alternatives for affecting the recovery of additional profit petroleum from the contractor are being worked out," the oil ministry statement quoting Pradhan said.
"The contractor of the block has invoked arbitration on this issue. Contractor has not drilled the required number of gas producer wells in D1 & D3 fields in line with the Addendum to Initial Development Plan approved by the Management Committee resulting in fall in gas output," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Regional NBFCs eye switch to small banksCapital Local Area Bank
(The central bank issued…)
MUMBAI: At least three lesser known, but regionally strong non-banking finance companies, including Delhi-based SE Investments , Jalandhar-based Capital Local Area Bank and Punjab based PKF Finance are preparing to apply for a small bank licence.
The central bank issued guidelines for small and payments bank licences last week and set the entry capital required to set up a bank at Rs 100 crore.
"We are considering applying for a small bank licence," said Sunil Agarwal , MD, SE Investments.
The company, which started operations in 1992, has an asset base of Rs 1,000 crore with 42% of the loans below Rs 25 lakh.
RBI has stipulated that at least 50% of an NBFC's loan portfolio should constitute loans and advances of up to Rs 25 lakh in order to lend primarily to micro enterprises.
"We are looking at applying for a small bank licence," said Alok Sondhi, MD, PKF Finance.
"We are weighing the merits and low-cost fund is a big advantage."
The company started operations in 1958, and has a presence in Punjab, Haryana and Delhi. It has a turnover of Rs 341 crore as on March 31, 2014. Capital Local Area Bank is keen to apply for a small bank licence. "We will definitely be applying for a small bank licence," said Sarabjit Samra , MD, Capital Local Area Bank.
"We lend to small businesses and are well above RBI's requirement of a ticket-size of Rs 25 lakh for over 50% loan portfolio." The company has a net worth of Rs 97 crore, and total business of the bank is overRs 2,155 crore. It has 34 branches.
Existing NBFCs, micro finance institutions, and local area banks can convert to small banks after complying with all legal and regulatory requirements. The central bank has said that it would put the licensing process on the fast track to drive the country's financial inclusion agenda and be a lot more liberal in allocating licences.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sharp drop in gossip from anonymous Lutyens ...(The only notable tweet of…)
NEW DELHI: Sample these:
A very senior minister has met an astrologer and he's been told he will be PM in three years
There were a few secret meetings between Modi's ministers
A senior Sangh/BJP leader was in a bit of a hot water because the parivar apparently wasn't thrilled that he was spotted drinking champagne at an upscale Delhi establishment
How familiar is BJP chief Amit Shah with Hanuman Chalisa and the Art of War
There's a little-publicised group of economists the PM seeks out for advice on policy
A frontrunner for a PMO job lost out as he was a kleptomaniac
A minister did several pujas before the Cabinet reshuffle
There's a spendthrift, foreign visits-addicted chief minister who has a big corporate friend When
Arvind Kejriwal was going for his latest vipasana session, he met some Cong leaders...
These are tweets, peddling political gossip about VVIPs.
The tweets are among 500-odd posts that came from four Twitter handles which are about a month old: @RealLutyens, @LutyensSpice, @LutyensInsider and @LutyensMasala.
Is the political establishment contemptuously ignoring these Twitter gossipmongers? Not quite. The establishment is starting to take note of these gossipy tweets — and, interestingly, the volume of tweets from the four 'Lutyens' handles have come down sharply of late.
@RealLutyens, @LutyensSpice and @LutyensInsider are posting in dribbles instead of in volumes. RealLutyens has posted just about five tweets in the past week, and the nature of the gossip has changed — from VVIPs to hacks and generalised stuff about parties.
The only notable tweet of RealLutyens in the past few days was the one about the minister and the astrologer. Lutyens-Spice has not tweeted anything ever since it posted on November 19 that it is taking a break from Twitter because of "pressure from agencies". Before that day, its tweets ranged on subjects from Shah's health to intra-PMO politics to "paranoia" in Rajnath Singh and Sushma Swaraj "camps".
Similarly, it's been almost 10 days since LutyensInsider, known for posting Congress and AAP-related content, tweeted. The appearance of these political gossip-peddling Twitter handles could be explained partly by supply meeting demand in a gossip-starved Capital, which now hosts a confident government that keeps tight control on authorised information flow and an even tighter control on "leaks".
But what explains the sudden drop in gossipy tweets? One account said "pressure from agencies". But senior officials of the Intelligence Bureau told ET these gossip handles are not being investigated.
Political parties ET spoke to lambasted these tweeters but also said they haven't asked for any action.
A senior member of BJP's information technology cell, who didn't want to be identified, said these accounts are being monitored because of their "mischief potential". "They are targetting our party... social media is important," he said.
This IT specialist said the party "can't do anything about these Twitter handles" but that "it's closely watching them".
Shahnawaz Hussain, BJP leader, said Twitter must come up with a mechanism to monitor "these handles that tweet defamatory gossip without any credibility". "They are using lies to bring down the reputation of leaders. This is not right," Hussain said.
BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said, "It's pretty clear some of these handles are operating with an agenda, to defame politicians who are doing good work." Congress' Manish Tewari was more critical.
"These are basement sweatshops manipulating social media under the cover of privacy.
Many of them are malicious and even subversive to national security.
Since the servers are elsewhere, you don't even know if the tweets are being posted from a country where there are no laws for virtual defamation." Twitter very rarely practices censorship, and it doesn't have an automated process to block and remove accounts.
Requests for blocking a handle go into a queue that moves slowly. Twitter officials, ET has learnt, have received a large number of requests for action against these accounts. The company's official response, when contacted for this report, was: "We don't comment on individual accounts."
In a written reply on Wednesday to a parliamentary question, Communications & IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said 45 cases have been registered against fake/duplicate social media accounts.
He also said the cyberspace is "borderless and anonymous". That's a problem for regulators. Breaking down the anonymity barrier in Twitter is almost an impossible undertaking for most.
How credible are these gossip tweets? There is no truth standard in Twitter, these and other similar tweets are assessed only by the fuzzy word-of-mouth verdicts in Delhi's incestuous politicalmedia circles.

http://usat.ly/1w10h8zNYC holiday windows - see them here
Get a street view of spectacular New York City's holiday window displays via our detailed interactive map.
Post to Facebook
NYC holiday windows - see them here Get a street view of spectacular New York City's holiday window displays via our detailed interactive map. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/11tfDEY
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
NYC holiday windows - see them here
Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 12:39 p.m. EST November 28, 2014
Click on the trees above to check out New York City's most notable holiday window displays
Walking tour of the Big Apple's festive holiday window displays.
(Photo: Denny Gainer, USA TODAY)
824 CONNECT 149 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
'Tis the season to gawk at festive holiday displays — and this year's crop of retail facades are sure to draw attention.  Stores such as Tiffany, Macy's and Lord & Taylor have unveiled elaborate displays filled with bright colors, unique characters and a plethora of holiday pizzazz.
Festive store windows have been a New York holiday tradition since the 1870s, when Macy's started featuring dolls in Christmas scenes. Since then, the scenes have transformed into elaborate, animated and interactive displays at all the major department stores along Fifth Avenue.
This year, Macy's showcases the story of a boy who imagines what Christmas would be like on other planets. Bergdorf Goodman's windows are centered around the arts, featuring influential figures in literature, architecture, sculpture, film, dance, theater and painting. Barney's partnered with film director Baz Luhrmann and his costume-designer wife Catherine Martin for an elaborate display of optical illusions, a giant mechanical owl, and psychedelic 'love mixtape' boom box surrounded by rainbow-colored mushrooms.
The planning starts a year in advance, from discussing ideas to rendering designs to manufacturing the pieces and then installing scenes, says Roya Sullivan, national director of window presentation at Macy's.
"We like to combine the old school artistry of sculptural pieces with mechanical and digital ability," she says. "It's truly an art."
Some windows are more commercial, like Bloomingdale's modern display of chic party-goers and interactive touchscreens.
Sibyl McCormac Groff, a New York tour guide and historian who leads a Christmas walking tour of Manhattan, says she's drawn to whimsical windows. This year, her favorites are Bergdorf-Goodman's.
"They are so creative," she says. "Look at the work that went into it. Those are just fabulous."
As technology has evolved, so have the displays. Once lit with gas lights, windows now come to life with multi-colored LED light shows and video screens. One of the Macy's windows is interactive: a touchscreen portion of the glass invites people to play a game called Neptune Wars that, once completed, lights up an ice city depicted on the distant planet.
To a degree, the windows have "become competitive," Groff says, an opportunity to draw in shoppers during what has become the most crucial time of year for  sales. But Sullivan says the windows are about honoring a tradition and the excitement of the season. "It is our gift to the city," she says. "We reach into every person's inner child and bring out the magic of Christmas."
Indeed, Macy's helped solidify New York's reputation as a Christmas destination with holiday windows and then its Santaland, Groff says, immortalized in the film classic Miracle on 34th Street, about a department store Santa put on trial for believing he's the real deal.
The displays remain a nod to New York's storied holiday history, one that led Groff to coin the term Gothamtide for the city's secular festivity –  "to show the commonality that we all have," she says. "It's just the excitement here."
Saks Fifth Avenue's "enchanted experience" theme features classic fairytale characters such as Cinderella and Prince Charming visiting and shopping in New York City.
(Photo: USA TODAY video)
824 CONNECT 149 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/11tfDEY
USA NOW
What was the top news story in 2014?
Dec 16, 2014

Govt pushes for  Make in India  for nuclear partsThe government is working on plans to get Russian and French nuclear component suppliers to enter into sourcing arrangements with Indian firms instead of importing reactor parts, a move aimed at boosting the Make in India initiative and reducing costs.
A file photo of the Kudankulam nuclear plant in Tamil Nadu. (Petr Pavlicek/IAEA)
It is understood that the India-Russia vision document on energy cooperation to be released during President Vladimir Putin's visit later this month will reflect Moscow's willingness to be part of Make in India in the nuclear sector. India feels that getting the Russians to source locally will give a major leg-up to domestic companies.
On the cost front, sources familiar with the developments said that the immediate reason local sourcing was being suggested was the high price of power quoted by French supplier Areva, which is helping set up six 1,650-MW reactors at nuclear power parks at Jaitapur in Maharashtra.
"It looks like the cost of power could be between Rs. 9.50 and Rs. 11 per unit," said one of the sources. The Department of Atomic Energy's benchmark price per unit in 2020-21, when the reactors are due to go critical, is Rs. 6.50.
It is understood that the French have tried to justify the high prices by citing the cost of imported parts like reactor domes, being brought from Japan.
"A reactor has a lot of civil work associated to it. When you look at reducing cost without compromising on quality, Indian companies can come handy," said the source, adding that the move would give a fillip to the Indian manufacturing sector as a whole.
India is keen on attracting investment into the sector and quenching its thirst for electricity. It aims to increase nuclear power generation to 63,000 MW from 4,780 MW at a cost of $85 billion.
HT reported on Sunday that the Modi government is working on measures to reassure component suppliers frightened by the country's laws, which hold them liable for accidents and put them at risk of financial ruin.
Indian firms Larsen & Toubro (L&T), Walchandnagar Industries and Godrej and Boyce have a potentially active role in the nuclear sector. But like foreign players, they have been worried by the nuclear liability law.

Enrique Iglesias leads 2015 Premios Lo NuestronominationsBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:22 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 11:26 am
Latin sensation Enrique Iglesias is hoping for another big awards haul after landing 10 nominations for the 2015 Premio Lo Nuestro.
The ‘Hero’ hitmaker, who recently won three Latin Grammys, is up for the top honour of Premio Lo Nuestro of the Year, as well as Male Artist of the Year and Album of the Year for Sex & Love at the fan-voted prizegiving, reported Contactmusic.
Three of his hit songs have also been recognised, including ‘Bailando’ (Video of the Year, Song of the Year & Collaboration of the Year), ‘El Perdedor’ featuring Marco Antonio Solis (Song of the Year & Collaboration of the Year), and Loco featuring Romeo Santos (Tropical Song of the Year & Tropical Collaboration of the Year).
Santos trails behind his friend with nine nominations, and will go up against Iglesias, Calibre 50 and J Balvin for the Premio Lo Nuestro of the Year.
Romeo is also up for Contemporary Artist of the Year, Male Artist of the Year, Song of the Year, Collaboration of the Year, and Album of the Year (Formula Vol 2) in the Tropical music category.
Late Mexican superstar Jenni Rivera has been posthumously nominated for Mexican Regional Female Artist of the Year, and is up against her daughter and first-time nominee, Chiquis Rivera.
The honours will be handed out on February 19.

Girl help found burnt to death  locals vandalise MangolpurihouseWritten by Sarah Hafeez | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:20 am
The body of a minor domestic help with burn injuries was found in the bathroom of a house in Outer Delhi’s Mangolpuri area on Wednesday afternoon. Police have not registered a case as yet and are looking at the possibility of suicide. Irate residents, however, vandalised the house and cars parked nearby after the body was found. Police resorted to lathicharge and firing of tear gas shells to disperse the crowd. Several persons were detained in connection with the violence, police said.
JCP (Northern Range) R S  Krishnia said, “We have begun inquest proceedings under Section 174 CrPC and due investigations are underway. We are waiting for the post-mortem report. Once we get that, we can ascertain the cause of death and subsequent investigations will be taken up.”
According to police, the 17-year-old domestic help has been working at the house of a software engineer in Dipali Enclave of Mangolpuri for over a year now. Police said she lived in slum cluster off Parwana Road and reported for work every day around 3 pm.
J B Jain, president of the RWA, said, “On Wednesday, the girl reached her employer’s house earlier than usual — around 2 pm. Nearly two hours later, the employer’s wife came running out of the house and informed the guard of our building that smoke was billowing from her bathroom. When the guard went in, he saw that the door, which was latched from inside, broken open and the girl’s body with severe burn injuries lying on the bathroom floor. Her employer called the help’s father and asked him to come at once. When the girl’s farther reached the house, he was shown the body of his daughter.”
The family also alerted the police control room and the girl was rushed to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital where she was declared dead on arrival.
Meanwhile, as news about the incident spread, residents gathered outside the house around 5 pm and began pelting stones and breaking windowpanes and flower pots.
They also broke the front gate of the house. Police teams were called in and they resorted to lathicharge and tear gas shell firing to disperse the crowd.

Pooja Bedi files complaint against Ramanand SagarsgranddaughterBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:16 am
Actress Pooja Bedi and Ramanand Sagar’s granddaughter Meenakshi have filed complaints against each other after their daughters fought in a pub.
“I have lodged an FIR against Meenakshi Sagar and her daughter Sakshi for harassing, intimidating, threatening, abusing and speaking derogatorily about my daughter Aalia, me, my late mother (Protima Bedi), my ex-husband (Farhan Ebrahim Furniturewala) on SMS, recorded telephonic conversations and across social media, which is a criminal offence,” Pooja Bedi told IANS.
Pooja Bedi filed the FIR on Tuesday. Meenakshi too has filed a complaint.
The complaint was filed after Pooja’s 17-year-old daughter Aalia and Saakshi, also 17, fought at Tryst Pub November 28. While Aalia was celebrating her birthday with friends, Saakshi was at the pub with her mother and her friend.
Later Pooja and Meenakshi fought too. When asked about the incident, Meenakshi told IANS: “I am not allowed to talk about this case as it is in the court.”

Woman alleges friend promised marriage  raped her for twoyearsBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:14 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 11:40 am
A 21-year-old woman on Tuesday night registered an FIR against her friend, claiming that he had raped her in Vasant Kunj, South Delhi.
According to police, the woman claimed that the friend had imprisoned and raped her for two years before she managed to escape and lodge a complaint.
Police said the accused is absconding and is suspected to be in Bhopal, where a police team has been sent.
According to police, the man brought the woman to Delhi after promising her marriage and kept her “imprisoned” in the house for two years. During this time, he raped her repeatedly and made MMSes, which he later used to threaten her, police said.
“The friend had to go home on Tuesday. The woman somehow escaped and reached Vasant Kunj police station to file a complaint,” a senior police officer said.
The senior police officer said, “A case under IPC Sections 376 (Rape), 365 (kidnapping or abducting) and 366 (kidnapping, abducting or inducing woman to compel her marriage) have been registered based on the victim’s complaint. Investigation is on.”
According to police, the woman, who is a resident of Kerala, had completed a diploma course in auxiliary nursing and mid-wifery and was working as a nurse in a private hospital in Bhopal. She met the man when he was admitted there two years ago and they fell in love.
Police said the man then came to Delhi to pursue a course in Business Administration. He brought the woman with him after promising to marry her.
Police said the man, however, kept her captive in the house and raped and threatened her for nearly two years.
The woman was sent for a medical examination, police said.

Cabaret is a women orientedmusicalBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:13 am
The Richa Chadda starrer ‘Cabaret’ traces the journey and the struggles of a cabaret dancer. And now we hear that the film will be extensively shot abroad. It will be shot in the exotic locales of Mauritius and South Africa.
About the plotline of the film, producer Bhushan Kumar revealed that it is a woman oriented musical about a cabaret dancer becoming famous. Also stating about the music, Bhushan assured that the film’s music will not be restricted to the ‘cabaret’ form but the album will also have some romantic melodies. Adding further, he also mentioned that the film is based on real life incidents and all the characters in the film will have intense roles.
‘Cabaret’ will be co-produced by Pooja Bhatt and directed by Kaustav Narayan Niyogi. It will also star Gulshan Devaiah and will mark the debut of cricketer Sreesanth. The film is slated to go on floor in January 2015 and is set to release by the end of 2015.

English Premier League: Chelsea march on  Manchester City stay2ndBy: Reuters | London |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:10 am
Chelsea’s inexorable Premier League title march continued with a consummate 3-0 triumph over Tottenham Hotspur as champions Manchester City stayed second with a 4-1 canter at Sunderland on Wednesday.
Southampton’s challenge suffered further deflation with a 1-0 defeat at Arsenal, but the pacesetters took full advantage with Chelsea making it 21 games unbeaten this season thanks to goals from Eden Hazard, Didier Drogba and Loic Remy.
Even without suspended top scorer Diego Costa, the 36-year-old Drogba proved an ageless replacement, scoring within two minutes of Hazard’s 19th-minute opener before Remy replaced him and netted to seal the points.
Chelsea’s victory, which continued their amazing record of being unbeaten by Spurs at Stamford Bridge for 24 years, maintained their six-point lead over City, who came from behind to crush Sunderland at the Stadium of Light.
The champions were once again grateful to the league’s leading marksman Sergio Aguero who produced a sublime display, scoring twice with his 13th and 14th league goals of the season.
The Argentine struck two minutes after Connor Wickham had put Sunderland ahead on 19 minutes, equalising with the sweetest of strikes.
He then set up Stevan Jovetic six minutes before the break, Pablo Zabaleta added a third and Aguero completed the rout.
Southampton, whose high-flying start to the season was arrested in a 3-0 defeat by City on Sunday, slumped to a second successive defeat with an 89th-minute Alexis Sanchez goal finally breaking their resistance at the Emirates.
They are now 10 points adrift of Chelsea but for most of the night, it had seemed that Fraser Forster’s heroic efforts in the Southampton goal would earn them a point until Sanchez struck to put Arsenal in sixth place, 13 points behind Chelsea.
Hull City squeezed out of the relegation zone with a 1-1 draw at Everton, Sone Aluko scoring a 59th-minute equaliser after a superb 34th-minute Romelu Lukaku effort for the home side.

City a child labour destination  need an inter-statepolicyWritten by Mihika Basu | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:09 am
Stating that Mumbai has become a destination as well as a transit place for various kinds of child labour and trafficking by organised gangs, the Maharashtra State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (MSCPCR) has sought inter-state coordination and creation of an inter-state anti-trafficking and anti-child labour policy in a letter to the Maharashtra and other state governments.
The aim, said MSCPCR secretary A N Tripathi, is to protect the rights of children.
“Mumbai is a destination as well as transit place for various types of child labour, including child trafficking. Children from across the country, mainly from Jharkhand, Bihar, Assam, eastern part of Uttar Pradesh, North-Eastern states and Nepal are being trafficked by well-networked organised gangs. Besides Mumbai, Hyderabad and Jaipur are also emerging as destination and transit places. Being an inter-state and cross-country matter, it is difficult to curb child trafficking unless the matter is taken up by the state governments and the Central government. Therefore, inter-state coordination and cooperation is needed in this regard. This matter should be taken up at the national level and necessary instructions may be issued. Even though the Constitution prohibits employment of children below 14 years, but in view of socio-economic reality, it still continues,” said the commission’s letter, which has also been sent to secretary, Labour and Employment, Ministry of Labour and Employment and Ministry of Women and Child Development.
Significantly, the commission, in its letter to the Maharashtra state government, has asked them to invoke strict sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Criminal Law (Amendment) Act on employers, middlemen and parents who encourage child labour, so that it can act as a deterrent. The letter says it is necessary to apply sections 317 (exposure and abandonment of child under 12 years by parent or person having care of it) and 374 (unlawful compulsory labour) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), both including jail term or fine or both.
The commission’s letter further says that sections 370 (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7) of the IPC, which looks at the issue of trafficking and 370A (1, 2) of the Criminal Law (Amendment) Act, which stipulates quantum of punishment, should also be applied. It recommends to the state to issue a Government Resolution (GR) stating the same.
Counselling parents, taking the help of religious and social leaders of panchayat institutions, NGOs and civil society against trafficking and child labour are other recommendations made by MSCPCR.
According to the 2001 Census data, there were 7,64,075 working children in Maharashtra and 1,26,66,377 across India, in the age group of 5-14 years.
Maharashtra occupied the eighth position among 35 states in terms of number of child labourers.
mihika.basu@expressindia.com

High-rise near South Block: Delhi HC clears way for RTIinfoWritten by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:09 am
The Delhi High Court dismissed objections raised against release of information regarding change in land use, which had allowed a high-rise building to come up in the diplomatic enclave near South Block and Rashtrapati Bhavan.
RTI activist Subhash Aggarwal had obtained orders from the Central Information Commission (CIC) in January to get information regarding the decision to allow DLF group subsidiary Edward Keventer (Successors) Ltd to construct a multi-storey residential building on a 22-acre plot near Rashtrapati Bhavan.
The company had approached the High Court and obtained a stay on the CIC order to release the information to Aggarwal.
According to allegations raised by Aggarwal, Edward Keventer had acquired the plot – meant for a dairy farm – in the diplomatic enclave at Sardar Patel Marg. It then got the clearance to build a multi-storey residential building, despite serious security concerns raised by the IB, the PMO and the officials of Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Aggarwal, through his RTI, sought information on issues of environmental standards, carrying capacities and impact assessment that such land use change would entail, along with urban planning and zoning issues.
The RTI had also sought file notings of the Urban Development Ministry on the decision to change the land use. The CIC had allowed the plea on grounds that the information was in public interest. But the company approached the High Court against the CIC order and obtained a stay on the release of information alleging that proper procedures had not been followed.

IISc  IIT-B in Times Higher Education s Top ...IISC
(India has strengthened…)
MUMBAI: Two new entrants - Indian Institute of Science (IISc) and IIT Bombay - have debuted straight in the top 40 of Times Higher Education's second annual BRICS and Emerging Economies rankings 2015.
India has strengthened its overall representation in the list, with 11 universities in the top 100 as compared to 10 last year - including new entrant (and new national number one) IISc in 25th place and IIT Bombay in 37th place.
"India is starting to show its potential in these rankings. Only China and Taiwan have more top-100 institutions than India, which remains ahead of Russia and Brazil among the giant developing economies," Phil Baty , editor of the Times Higher Education Rankings, said in a release. "India's leading institutions have shown a hunger for further development and for sharing best practices.
If this is backed by a government-led commitment to support India's top universities to compete on the global stage, with sufficient funding and reforms, there would be plenty of room for optimism," he added.
Panjab University , which topped the India charts last year at No 13 overall, has slipped in the top 100 list to 39th place this year. Most of the other institutes - with the exception of IIT Madras - have also moved down the list as compared to last year. Baty said that despite India faring better overall, there is no room for complacency since several Indian institutions have actually lost ground compared with last year.
Some 22 countries classified as emerging economies by FTSE have been analysed for ranking purposes.
The methodology of the 2015 BRICS & Emerging Economies Rankings is slightly different from the methodology used last time to better reflect the characteristics and development needs of a university in the emerging economies. The weightage to "research influence", judged by publication citations, has been reduced from 30% in the world rankings, to 20%. The weightage for "industry income -innovation" has been increased from 2.5% to 10%, while for "international outlook", it has been increased from 7.5% to 10%.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IITs: Intn l recruiters roll out Rs 40cr plus salary offersFacebook
(Oracle is leading the charge,…)
MUMBAI: Top international recruiters Facebook, Oracle and Google have rolled out at least 40 offers with total compensation packages higher than Rs 1 crore at the end of only the second day of IIT campus placements, according to campus sources.
Such a large number of crore-plus offers — including cash and stock — are being offered for the first time. Oracle is leading the charge, offering up to 4,800 stock units worth $200,000 (Rs 1.24 crore), besides a $125,000 (Rs 77.5 lakh) cash component. Sources from IITBHU (Varanasi) confirmed these figures.
Sources from IIT-Delhi , IIT-Roorkee and IIT-Kanpur said some 4,000 stock options had been indicated as part of the overall package by the American multinational computer technology corporation.
Google, for Mountain View postings, rolled out a salary of $130,000 (Rs 80.4 lakh) and 250 stock units worth approximately $134,500 (Rs 83 lakh), IIT-BHU officials said.
The institute added that one student has been selected by Oracle US, and another for Google US.
Average domestic salaries at IIT campus placements this year have been in the range of Rs 10-12 lakh. Placements at the older institutes started on December 1.
Stock options are typically rolled out by companies as a retention measure and are often vested only after employees remain with the company for a specified period.
As already reported by ET, Facebook has made offers of $250,000 (Rs 1.55 crore, all-inclusive) to students at IIT-Bombay, IIT-Kharagpur and IIT-Delhi.
A student at one of the IITs who bagged an offer from Oracle said it was communicated to him that he would get a $100,000 base pay, $15,000 joining bonus and $10,000 relocation allowance.
"I was intimated that over and above this, there was also a stock component which I would get to know in the offer letter," he said.
While IIT-BHU has information on the stock options offered by Google, other placement cells said the search engine giant has not yet communicated the relevant numbers to them. However, they said Google would have a stock component in its package and Microsoft was also likely to have the same. ET could not independently reach out to Google at the time of going to print.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty @ fresh high; Jet surges 5%  Financial Tech up 6%; top 10 betsYou are here: Home > Collections
Markets in green; top 10 stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 12.16PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share…)
NEW DELHI: The markets made fresh highs in today's trade, then briefly slipped into the red before getting back in the positive territory.
At 12:14 pm, the Sensex was at 28,487.56; up 44.85 points.
The Nifty was at 8,538.35; up 0.70 points.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
DLF Ltd: Real estate major, DLF has initiated a process to sell 50% of its subsidiary, DLF Cyber City Developers (DCCD) to raise over Rs 3,500 crores, sources with direct knowledge share.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 154.60.
Reliance Industries Ltd: The government is considering ways to recover $195.3 million from the contractor of the KG-D6 Block because it has disallowed development costs of $2.376 billion, oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan told the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent higher at Rs 968.85.
SAIL: Government will sell a 5 percent stake in state-run Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) on Friday, kicking off a disinvestment program that is crucial for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government to help cut the budget deficit.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.9 per cent lower at Rs 83.15.
MTNL: State-owned telecom firms BSNL and MTNL have incurred losses of Rs 3,785 crore and Rs 1,567 crore till September 30 in the current financial year and steps are being taken to revive them, government said today.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.2 per cent lower at Rs 28.30.
ONGC: The government is considering reworking the subsidy sharing formula for Oil and Natural Gas Corp , Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said on Wednesday, in a bid to lower its discount burden and boost the state-run oil company's profits.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 374.20.
Central Bank of India: State-owned Central Bank of India said it would raise about Rs 626 crore through preferential allotment of shares to country's largest insurer LIC to fund business growth.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent higher at Rs 80.25.
NTPC Ltd: NTPC has approached the Ministry of Environment and Forest seeking amendments to Terms of Reference (TOR) for its proposed expansion of Telangana's Ramagundam power plant to 2x800 mw.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent lower at Rs 142.10.
NMDC Ltd: India's largest iron ore miner, is putting final touches to a corporate plan that aims to raise production more than threefold to 100 million tonne (mt) by 2025. While 90% of it will be produced in India, 10% will come from NMDC's Legacy Iron Ore mines in Australia.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.14 per cent lower at Rs 138.10.
Suven Life Sciences Ltd: Pharmaceuticals firm Suven Life Sciences Ltd today said it has raised Rs 200 crore through Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) route to fund its clinical development programme and capital expenditure.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent higher at Rs 222.40.
Sadbhav Engineering Ltd: Sadbhav Infrastructure Projects has filed draft papers with the regulator Sebi for raising up to Rs 600 crore through an initial public offering.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4.7 per cent higher at Rs 277.40.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pick Larsen and Toubro  says BaligaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pick Larsen and Toubro, says Baliga
According to Independent Market Expert, Ambareesh Baliga, one may pick Larsen and Toubro.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Independent Market Expert, Ambareesh Baliga told CNBC-TV18, "My picks have been stocks like  Larsen and Toubro (L&T) even in the past and I continue suggesting that because if you notice it’s been a bit of an underperformer. In the same segment  Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) which was a very bad underperformer in the last four months, has caught up from Rs 220 it is moved up but L&T hasn’t really moved up in tandem, so at these levels one could look at picking it up."
At 11:05 hrs Larsen and Toubro was quoting at Rs 1,634.50, down Rs 6.60, or 0.40 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 1,774.70 and 52-week low Rs 984.40 on 09 June, 2014 and 10 January, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Expect higher levels in NBCC  says BaligaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect higher levels in NBCC, says Baliga
Independent Market Expert, Ambareesh Baliga feels that one may see higher levels in National Buildings Construction Corporation.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Independent Market Expert, Ambareesh Baliga told CNBC-TV18, "There is momentum in  National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) and despite this sort of gains which have seen, we have seen that money has been chasing momentum. So, because of the news again you will have more money flowing into it and it can still move up further."
At 10:59 hrs National Buildings Construction Corporation was quoting at Rs 859.00, up Rs 26.90, or 3.23 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 908.05 and 52-week low Rs 140 on 05 November, 2014 and 17 December, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

MCX Silver May contract gainsDec 04, 2014, 10.59 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MCX Silver May contract gains
Silver prices on MCX were trading with marginal gains on Thursday. MCX Silver May contract was trading at Rs 37740 up Rs 71, or 0.19 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX Silver May contract gains
Silver prices on MCX were trading with marginal gains on Thursday. MCX Silver May contract was trading at Rs 37740 up Rs 71, or 0.19 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
At 10:48 hrs MCX SILVER March contract was trading at Rs 37110 up Rs 70, or 0.19 percent. The SILVER rate touched an intraday high of Rs 37264 and an intraday low of Rs 36963. So far 1479 contracts have been traded. SILVER prices have moved down Rs 8867, or 19.29 percent in the March series so far.
MCX SILVER May contract was trading at Rs 37740 up Rs 71, or 0.19 percent. The SILVER rate touched an intraday high of Rs 37845 and an intraday low of Rs 37651. So far 20 contracts have been traded. SILVER prices have moved down Rs 1269, or 3.25 percent in the May series so far.
RELATED NEWS

Oil prices slump to five-year low in Asian tradeOil prices hit five-year low in longest losing streak since 2008 financial crisis
Florence Tan     Singapore   Last Updated: December 1, 2014  | 13:18 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Oil prices fell over US $2 a barrel to a five-year low in Asian trade on Monday, extending a steep sell-off after the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) decided against cutting oil production  last week, keeping markets well supplied.
Both US crude and Brent have fallen for five straight months, oil's longest losing streak since the 2008 financial crisis.
"Just when the market was thinking that a 4-year low for crude oil was bad enough, we have hit a 5-year low after the OPEC meeting," Phillip Futures analysts said in a note.
US crude prices plunged to near US $64, dragging Brent down below US $70, after Saudi Arabia's Oil Minister told fellow OPEC members last week that they must combat the US shale oil boom.
Brent prices hit a low of US $67.82 a barrel, the lowest since October 2009, and were down US $1.85 at US $68.30 a barrel by 10:17 am. US crude prices were down US $1.61 at US $64.54 a barrel, after earlier slipping to an intra-day low of US $64.10, the lowest since July 2009.
"They (OPEC) can get by at US $60 a barrel, but that price would knock out a fair whack of the competition - much US shale oil for example - as well as put investment in future capacity growth firmly on the back-burner," ANZ analysts said in a note.
"They're playing the long game, banking that others can't."
Oil-producing countries from Iraq to Nigeria are revising their 2015 budgets to reflect lower prices.
Iran refrained from protesting against OPEC's decision to retain its production ceiling to maintain group solidarity, even though the move will not benefit all members, Iranian oil minister said in local media reports.
Slower than expected growth in China's manufacturing sector may add further downward pressure on the prices of oil. China's official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) slipped to 50.3 in November, a government study showed on Monday, lower than analysts' forecasts of 50.6.
"It's not too bad a miss, but probably won't help (oil) too much," Ric Spooner, chief analyst at CMC Markets in Sydney said.
"It's best not to try to pick bottoms at this stage."
Spooner said the next support levels for Brent prices are at US $68 and US $64 a barrel. If West Texas Intermediate crude futures fall below US $63.90 a barrel, the next support level would be at US $50, Spooner said.
(Reuters)

RBI holds rates  expects inflation to fall furtherRBI holds rates, expects inflation to fall further
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 08:32 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The RBI kept the key policy rates unchanged in its monetary policy review on Tuesday.
Unveiling the monetary policy review, the RBI kept the repo rate (8 per cent) , reverse repo rate (7 per cent) and the CRR (4.0 per cent) unchanged.
It expects November inflation to soften further. In the statement,  the bank said risks to Jan 2016 target of 6% inflation is evenly balanced. The bank sees GDP growth seen at 5.5% in 2015-16. The March-end CPI inflation has been revised down to 6% from 8% earlier.
The RBI expects inflation at 6% over the next 12 months.
RBI says success of ongoing govt actions in removing infrastructural constraints will be key to reviving growth.
Addressing a press conference, RBI governor Raghuram Rajan said the government is comfortable with setting 4 per cent inflation target plus/minus 2 per cent beyond 2016.
There is a misconception among corporates that central bank is not concerned about growth, said the RBI governor.
On the interest rates, Rajan said even though rates have come down, banks have not passed it on
The policy states domestic activity weakened in Q2 of 2014-15, and activity is likely to be muted in Q3 also because of a moderate kharif harvest. The deficiency in the north-east monsoon rainfall has constrained the pace of rabi sowing, except in the southern States.
The persisting contraction in the production of both capital goods and consumer goods in Q2 reflected weak aggregate domestic demand. However, more recent readings of core sector activity, automobile sales and purchasing managers' indices suggest improvement in likely activity.
Exports have buffered the slowdown in industrial activity in Q2 but, going forward, require support from partner country growth, the policy said.  
The sixth bi-monthly monetary policy statement is scheduled on Tuesday, February 3, 2015.

Anil Kumar Sinha appointed as new CBI DirectorSenior IPS officer Anil Kumar Sinha appointed as new CBI Director
PTI Dec 3, 2014, 10.15AM IST
Tags:
Anil Kumar Sinha
(The Appointments Committee…)
NEW DELHI: Senior IPS officer Anil Kumar Sinha was tonight appointed the new CBI Director to succeed Ranjit Sinha who retired in a glare of controversy with the Supreme Court directing him to recuse from 2G spectrum scam case probe.
Sinha, a 1979 batch IPS officer of Bihar cadrde , was the Special Director in CBI.
The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet, headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi , cleared the name of Anil Kumar Sinha who was among the candidates shortlisted by the search committee earier this evening.
The term of Sinha will be for two years from the date he takes charge, an official notification said.
Earlier in the day, Modi held discussions with the Chief Justice of India and leader of the main Opposition in Lok Sabha on selecting a new CBI head.
The panel discussed the names of about 40 officers shortlisted by the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT), sources said.
Ranjit Sinha retired today after a tumultuous tenure of two years at the helm of affairs in CBI that ended on a controversial note.
Sinha's tenure as CBI chief saw highs like busting of some big bribery cases involving a Railway Board member, Chairman and Managing Director of a public sector bank, Chief Executive Officer of Censor Board among others.
The lows were mainly the criticism he faced from the Supreme Court which asked him to withdraw from 2G probe, criticism from a special court for shoddy probe in coal scam cases, sharing of status report in coal with the then Law Minister Ashwani Kumar after which the agency earned the sobriquet of "caged parrot" from the apex court.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti: A Dalit influenced by RitambharaBJP
(Her strong words are not…)
NEW DELHI: Much before she shot into national notoriety, Minister of State for Food Processing Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, a "katha vaachak" or storyteller by profession was known for her "all weather" song which went thus: "aaj mahasangram ho jaaney do, aar ya paar ho jaaney do" (let there be a battle, let it be decided once and for all).
On Tuesday morning her hate speech at a public meeting in Delhi had turned Parliament into the site for a loud mahasangram, with the Opposition demanding her resignation for a hate speech she had delivered the night before. Some Delhi BJP leaders who had invited her to the programme were heard muttering that Jyoti would have done well to stick to her oft-repeated leitmotif than attempt the hate speech that landed her in trouble.
The minister's speech termed the electoral battle in Delhi between the progeny of Lord Rama and 'illegitimate children'. Her strong words are not surprising as she counts Sadhvi Ritambhara (of the Ram Janmabhoomi movement fame) as her mentor and guide.
"Niranjan Jyoti was born in a Dalit family in Partaura village of Uttar Pradesh in 1967. She has three brothers. In her youth, during the Ram Janmabhoomi movement, she came under the influence of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Didimaa (Sadhvi Ritambhara) in particular," said a senior BJP leader from Uttar Pradesh.
In what seems like a natural trajectory, Jyoti contested three assembly polls unsuccessfully before winning in 2012. With BJP determined to break BSP chief Mayawati's Dalit vote bank in the 2014 polls, Jyoti got a ticket to contest from the reserved Fatehpur constituency in the Uttar Pradesh.
She won the seat and stuck to her second row place in the Lok Sabha till she was handpicked to be minister, despite having a case under Section 497 (adultery) a particularly tricky charge to stick on a woman in India and not surprisingly charges related to intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace (IPC section 504).
As Parliament was repeatedly adjourned over the 'hate speech', it goes without saying that this was probably not the Mahasangram that Niranjan Jyoti had in mind while invoking one.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Morgan Stanley snaffles $4.7bn dealMorgan Stanley scores audacious $4.7bn ‘deal steal’
Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/42b3793e-7a9c-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Business-friendly India is abuzz with private jetsA380
(Key international carriers…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: India is again on the priority list of the global business fraternity and they have started flocking to the country in huge numbers since the assumption of office by the new government. One sign of this lies in the sharp increase in international private jet flights recorded at airports across the country and an increase in occupancy in business class cabins by key international airlines.
An Airports Authority of India data shows that the international jet flight movements have seen a consistent increase since July this year. While the increase in July was 24%, it increased by 45% in August. There were smaller increases of 9.7% and 5.9% in September and October. General aviation charters are measured in terms of aircraft movements — two of them for every takeoff and landing.
Key international carriers like British Airways and Lufthansa are also reporting an increase in occupancy in the business class cabins of their aircraft flying to India.
"The market slowed down during elections. In the last three four months, we have seen an uptick in demand for business class seats with the companies renewing their plans. I am pleased with the performance of the Delhi sector in the last four months," British Airways Executive Chairman Keith Williams told ET.
While Lufthansa also echoes the view on increase in demand for business class seats in their aircraft, it says that they are adding capacity in the sector.
"Yes, the demand for business class has been on the rise and we now see people traveling business class not only on work but also on leisure which is an encouraging trend. With growing demand from the Indian market, we have deployed aircraft with additional capacity (including business class seats) such as the A380 which has 92 business class seats," said Wolfgang Will, Director-South Asia of Lufthansa.
While airlines did not comment on the increase in fares reported due to an increase in demand, travel industry insiders say that the increase has been huge in flights to Singapore and Europe.
Travel industry analysts also say that the inbound international flights are seeing an increase in demand primarily due to investors coming into India.
In the last few months, India has witnessed the visit of several top corporates who have all expressed enthusiasm about the change in governance. Some have outlined major plans for India.
In October, Facebook CEO and one of the world's youngest billionaires Mark Zuckerberg made his maiden business trip to India and visited Narendra Modi to discuss digital expansion in the subcontinent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Captains-in-waiting: Akash Ambani & Isha Ambani take stridesAarti Kochhar
("It's my first time at the…)
For GeNext in India Inc, ET Awards is an occasion to savour the recognition and glory of what their fathers painstakingly built over the years! For some, it was also the forum to resolve to further build on the edifice their fathers created from ground-up. What better podium to do that then at the ET Awards. So when Karan Adani, took to the podium to accept the award for the best emerging company, he made a declaration that had not only his father Gautam Adani swell with pride, but also brought applause from the who's who of Indian business.
"I am 27 years old and it is my desire that when I am as old as my father right now, we would be the biggest port company in the world," Karan Adani, declared to an audience comprising Union ministers, the chief minister of Maharashtra and senior industrialists.
There were other young scions with equally audacious dreams. The Ambani twins-Isha and Akash- were at the event, representing their parents who were in Jodhpur attending family friend Deepak Parekh's son's wedding.
For Isha, board member of Reliance Jio , it was her debut at the ET Awards. Wearing an Abu Sandeep ensemble, Isha who returned from a mehendi ceremony of her friend - Aarti Kochhar (daughter of managing director and CEO Chanda Kochchar of ICICI Bank) held in the same hotel returned after a quick change of costume in keeping with the more official ET Awards. As she confessed, "It's my first time at the ET awards and I'm very keen and excited about listening to interesting opinions on all aspects of the economy."
On Saturday, Gautam Adani, preferred his son do the talk but accepted accolades coming his way from the sidelines. When television journalists tried to persuade him for an interview, he directed them to approach Karan Adani for the sound bytes. Another son, who's credited to have turned around tyre maker Ceat Tyres, was his usual self. Anant Goenka, managing director of Ceat Tyres, was quiet and reticent as he watched his peers in action.
Dilip Shanghvi's son Alok was like father, a man of few words. Despite being nudged by his wife, to agree to a brief interview, he kept to himself. Ditto Akash Ambani , who in keeping with old world niceties waited patiently for Manoj Modi to finish his chat with Piyush Goyal, before they entered the venue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Raising a toast to the luxurious flavours of saffronET Awards 2014
(The saffron water was also…)
The saffron-laced mineral water served at the ET Awards was initially a source of some confusion. "Have you already started drinking?" a colleague was overheard asking another, seeing him with a glass of golden liquid just before the event began. If you didn't see the strands of Iranian saffron floating in the water, you could easily think it was a long glass of whisky-soda (or a very flat glass of beer).
But some quickly realised the opportunity this presented. One guest joked he could be drinking a glass of whisky and tell his wife he was having saffron water!
It would be like the old Madras concept of an 'Iyengar soda', which was whisky served in a silver tumbler, a favourite of old Tamil Brahmin barristers who would argue that the opaque metal preserved the proprieties, and perhaps silver had purifying properties that would prevent them getting drunk. Saffron could work in the same way, with the advantage that it actually tastes of something. People who tried it a bit dubiously were soon sipping appreciatively at the fine, unsweetened clear aroma of pure saffron. "You realise how so much of the kesar we eat in sweets is obviously adulterated when you try this," said one guest. Anil Ambani, in training for a marathon, was one of the guests who appreciated it.
The saffron water was also an excellent complement to the food on offer. As always with the ET Awards, it was pure vegetarian and the Trident had outdone itself — perhaps spurred on by the presence of PRS Oberoi himself at the event. The flavours were both Indian, with innovations like biryani prepared at a live station on a tava, and Mediterranean, with couscous, stuffed aubergines and squash along with crispy borek, small Turkish pastries. Saffron, which comes from the Mediterranean region but has been adopted by India, was a good accompaniment to both.
The guests did full justice to the food, although one, chief guest Arun Jaitley, had to be a bit careful. The finance minister has had an ultra busy life ever since the new government was sworn in, doubling up as defence minister until Manohar Parrikar, another guest at the ET Awards, was brought into the Cabinet. And, as the ministers at the event noted a bit ruefully, they were all having to keep up with the grueling pace set by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
It has taken its toll on Jaitley, who was briefly in hospital. Meanwhile, BJP president Amit Shah, who was due to deliver the opening speech at the ET Awards, couldn't attend because he was unwell. Now, as a precaution, the finance minister is always accompanied by a doctor from the armed forces medical corps. As he walked to the official dinner after the awards ceremony, Jaitley was overheard telling him, "Don't worry, I'll just have a bowl of soup."
Since the FM is looking noticeably trimmer, this regimen is obviously working. "He doesn't eat anything without checking with me," the doctor said. It can't be easy maintaining a diet when your life is dominated by events like the ET Awards but in this, as with so many other things, this government evidently means business.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sebi moots new norms for warrants  partly-paid shares issuanceDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Market regulator Sebi on Tuesday proposed that Indian companies, which issue partly paid-up shares and warrants to foreign investors, should receive an upfront payment of at least 25 per cent of the total amount.
The move comes after Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in July allowed foreign investors to invest in partly-paid shares and warrants of Indian companies.
In the discussion paper, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said that pricing as well as conversion formula for warrants have to be determined upfront.
For subscribing in partly-paid shares and warrants (through public and rights issue mode), Sebi proposed that foreign investors should make an upfront payment of 25 per cent of the issue price.
Further, the remaining payment should be made in the next 12-months in case of partly-paid shares and 18 months for warrants.
At present, there is no minimum upfront payment requirement for warrants. In the case of partly-paid shares, there is no minimum upfront requirement in rights issue case while it remains at 25 per cent when it is through public issuance.
The discussion paper on ‘issuance of partly paid shares and warrants by Indian companies’ would be open for comments till December 14. The views would be taken into account before the market regulator decides on amendments to the Issue of Capital Disclosure Regulations (ICDR).
Sebi has also proposed to increase the conversion period for warrants to 18 months from the current time period of 12 months. This is being proposed for warrants allotted through public and rights issues.
Currently, the time period is 18 months with respect to preferential issue of warrants.
To enable application by foreign investors and ensure uniformity with the RBI guidelines, Sebi said that in case of “part payment option being provided by the issuer in rights issue, the part payment on application shall not be less than 25 per cent of the issue price.”
“Pricing of the warrants and price/conversion formula shall be determined upfront and 25 per cent of the consideration amount shall be received upfront. In case of non-exercise of warrants, entire upfront payment may be forfeited by the issuer,” it added.
TAGS: Sebi
More from indianmarkets

Sneak Peek: First look of 2015 Tata Bolt hatchbackWe compare the fully loaded diesel versions of each to find out!
 
Maruti has big hopes for the Ciaz, not just as a car but as a gateway into more premium future...
 
The Hyundai Grand i10 is good. No doubt. But, is it better than the popular and fun to drive M...
 

ANA soldiers take part in a training exercise in KabulANA soldiers take part in a training exercise in Kabul
2 Dec, 2014
Text: Reuters
Afghan National Army (ANA) soldiers took part in a training exercise at a military base in Kabul.
In pic: Soldiers take position during the training exercise.
We compare the fully loaded diesel versions of each to find out!
 
Maruti has big hopes for the Ciaz, not just as a car but as a gateway into more premium future...
 
The Hyundai Grand i10 is good. No doubt. But, is it better than the popular and fun to drive M...
 

Biggest human Christmas tree sets a new Guinness recordBiggest human Christmas tree sets a new Guinness record
2 Dec, 2014
Tweet
Text: AFP
Thousands of Hondurans went down in history by setting a new Guinness world record for the largest human Christmas tree.
In pic: The biggest human Christmas tree which set a new Guinness World Record at the Plaza La Democracia, in Tegucigalpa.

US banks/QE  out of a comfort zone© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/ef3dc026-5f83-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Morgan Stanley mulls sale of gas businessMorgan Stanley looks at sale of gas export venture
Gregory Meyer and Tom Braithwaite in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/76c23932-58c7-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Perception of corruption in India improves marginallyNEW DELHI, December 3, 2014
Updated: December 3, 2014 12:38 IST
EXCLUSIVE
Perception of corruption in India improves marginally
Rukmini S.
Denmark ranks first on the global Corruption Perception Index, while Somalia and North Korea share the bottom spot.
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
India ranks 85 among 178 countries on the global Corruption Perception Index this year.
India has marginally improved its ranking on the global Corruption Perception Index this year, on the back of prosecutions of high-level officials and hope that the new leadership will reduce corruption, Transparency International said on Wednesday morning.
India’s two-point improvement (on a total possible score of 100) did not count as a “significant change” unlike that in countries like Egypt, Jordan and Afghanistan. With a score of 36, India now ranks 85 among 178 countries, with countries like Sri Lanka, Thailand and Burkina Faso for company. Denmark ranks first, as it did in 2013, while Somalia and North Korea share the bottom spot. India is ranked better than all its South Asian neighbours except Bhutan.
The composite index is made up of a combination of surveys and assessments of public sector corruption by international agencies including the World Bank and the World Economic Forum. Of the nine surveys and assessments used for India, most relied on expert opinion on the extent of corruption and the rule of law and only one polled the general public.
“The two point increase reflects the prosecution of high level politicians and civil servants associated with the 2G and coal block allocations, a sign that institutions are robust in establishing rule of law and sanctioning the corrupt,” Santhosh Srinivasan, Research Coordinator at Transparency International, explained in an email to The Hindu. “In addition, the new leadership appears to have a strong anti-corruption drive, thereby creating further hope for a reduction in the levels of corruption as faced by ordinary people and businesses alike in the country,” Mr. Srinivasan said.
For this to go beyond rhetoric, further concrete steps and actions were needed including the enactment of all key pending anti-corruption bills, the setting up of a Lokpal mechanism, curbing illicit financial flows and deepening people’s access to information, Mr. Srinivasan said.
Economic growth did not necessarily reduce corruption, Transparency International said, pointing to countries like China whose corruption perception had worsened during a high growth period.

Nagaland celebrates Hornbill festivalpicture  others
Nagaland celebrates Hornbill festival
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves as he walks near Naga tribal men dressed in traditional attire during the inaugural ceremony of the Hornbill Festival in Kisama village in Nagaland, India, Monday, Dec. 1 2014. (Source: AP)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi receives a memento during the opening day of the Hornbill festival at Kisama village on the outskirts of Kohima. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in traditional Naga attire, displays weapons presented to him during Hornbill festival at Kisama village. (Source: PTI)
India’s Naga tribe dancers in traditional attire perform a dance during the Hornbill festival. (Source: AP)
Manipuri boys demonstrate a traditional martial art at the Kisama village in Nagaland. (Source: AP)
Naga tribal men in traditional attire drink rice beer before a dance performance. (Source: AP)
Naga tribal men in traditional attire perform a folk dance during the Hornbill festival. The festival is one of the biggest festivals of India’s northeast, showcasing the tradition and cultural heritage of the indigenous Nagas. (Source: AP)
Naga tribal men in traditional attire perform a folk dance during the Hornbill festival. The festival is one of the biggest festivals of India’s northeast, showcasing the tradition and cultural heritage of the indigenous Nagas. (Source: AP)
A Naga tribal man in traditional attire laughs as he waits to perform a dance during the Hornbill festival at the Kisama village in Nagaland. (Source: AP)
Related

Bangalores shame: Another 3-year-old raped in schoolPrint
BANGALORE: An attendant of a private school has been arrested for allegedly sexually abusing a three-year-old student.
The child's parent filed a complaint alleging that their daughter was abused twice at the reputed private school on Old Madras Road.
Bangalore police said that the man against whom the complaint was made had been arrested three days ago.
On November 26, when the girl returned home from school at around 12.30 pm, the mother noticed that something was wrong with her daughter.
She remained withdrawn and disturbed, then fell ill and could not attend classes for the next two days.
Bangalore Mirror in a report says that the girl told her mother that she was lured by the attendant to an empty classroom with chocolates after the morning prayer and raped her.
When the mother heard this, she rushed her daughter to the nearest hospital for a check up. The doctors confirmed her worst fears and told her that her daughter was raped.
In her complaint to the cops, the mother said that her daughter behaved similarly on the October 22 as well.
The police arrested the alleged molester on November 30 and identified him as Nagaraj.
Incidents of child abuse in Bangalore schools have become a regular occurrence with the latest incident occurring in October 21, where a three-year-old girl was allegedly raped by her school attender. 
Recommend

SC clears sale of 4 Sahara properties. Do you see Subroto Roy being released soonCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

No  contradiction  between party & govt on Saradha chit fund scam: BJP49
0
New Delhi: Rejecting any "contradiction" between the party and the government on the issue of Saradha chit fund scam, BJP on Wednesday said the case is being investigated by three agencies and the government has not given clean chit in this regard.
This comes after the government on Wednesday appeared to be speaking in different voices with MoS, Personnel Jitendra Singh telling Parliament that probe has so far not revealed that Saradha chit fund money was used to finance terror in Bangladesh, contradicting BJP chief Amit Shah's allegation of such a connection.
"There has been some media reports claiming that there are contradictions between the government and the party regarding the Saradha chit fund scam. Let me clarify. There are no such contradiction,"  BJP national secretary Siddharth Nath Singh Singh told reporters.
Rejecting any "contradiction" between the party and the government on the issue of Saradha chit fund scam, BJP on Wednesday said the case is being investigated by three agencies and the government has not given clean chit in this regard.
#bjp #amit shah #burdhwan blast #sarada scam
He said whatever BJP President Amit Shah had said in a rally in Kolkata on Sunday were based on reports that are in the public domain.
"It has been in the public domain for a very long time that Saradha chit fund scam money has funded terror activities in West Bengal and that is being investigated by CBI.
"This has been a matter of fact which has been in the public domain. Based on the public domain, the BJP National President Amit Shah also stated certain facts. Now MoS Jitendra Singh has also said that it is under CBI's investigation," Siddharth Singh said.
He said there are three investigative agencies involved-- Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO), Enforcement Directorate (ED) and CBI and the Burdwan blast case is also being investigated by NIA.
"Primarily, the investigation on money laundering issues are done by by SFIO and ED. There are other investigative agencies which look into it. As far as the question is concerned, it was raised with the DoPT Minister. So, there is no confusion and its answer was also given," Singh said.
Addressing a rally in Kolkata on Sunday, Shah had alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast which is being probed for link with Jamaatul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) terror outfit.
9

Zillow accused of  sexual torture  in ex-sales consultant s suit1
Zillow suffers from a "pervasive culture of degrading women," according to the complaint in federal court in Santa Ana, California. Rachel Kremer, who was hired by Zillow in 2012 as a sales consultant, said in her complaint that male supervisors ranked her according to her breast size, sent pictures of their penis to her and required "sexual gratification" to keep her job.
Kremer "brings this action based on the sexual torture she endured, and for the other women who have been silenced at Zillow, and remain exposed to horrific and unthinkable acts," according to the complaint.
Silicon Valley's treatment of women has been the focus of several lawsuits. In 2012, a female partner sued Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, one of Silicon Valley's top venture capital firms, claiming she was discriminated against because of her gender. A female executive at Tinder Inc., the matchmaking application, sued this year, alleging harassment and discrimination after being stripped of her co-founder title. That led parent company IAC/InteractiveCorp to search for a new chief executive officer for Tinder.
Taken together, the cases represent the legal fallout of a culture that has come into the spotlight this year as some companies have disclosed the gender breakdown of their employees, who tend to be less than 30 percent female. The companies, including Apple, Google and Facebook, have agreed to improve recruiting efforts to diversify their workforces.
Zillow immediately investigated Kremer's claims when they arose and fired a sales employee in its Irvine office, said Dawn Lyon, a spokeswoman for the company, in an emailed statement Tuesday.
Kremer's allegations "do not reflect Zillow's culture or workplace and are completely inconsistent with our values," Lyon said in the statement. "We don't tolerate harassment of any kind."
The Dec. 1 lawsuit by Kremer, who seeks unspecified damages, is based on sexual harassment and wrongful termination claims, among other allegations.
_ Pettersson reported from Los Angeles.

10 foods to eat if you are diabeticBigg Boss 8
Foods to eat if you are Diabetic
If you’re a diabetic, chances are, you already know a lot about the lifestyle you’re supposed to follow- exercise, addiction control and food. To help you out, we’ve put down a list of some good foods you could choose for yourself if you have diabetes.
You may also like:
Share 0
Apples
Recent studies have revealed that just a single apple a day could cut down the levels of harmful cholesterol in blood by a whopping 40 percent, and give the body a good dose of antioxidants, ... more 
Apples
Recent studies have revealed that just a single apple a day could cut down the levels of harmful cholesterol in blood by a whopping 40 percent, and give the body a good dose of antioxidants, which could help protect and deal with diabetes. Consumption of 5 or more apples a week is linked to 23 percent reduced risk of type 2 diabetes. less 
1 / 30

The worst airports in North AmericaBigg Boss 8
The worst airports in North America
Bloomberg Businessweek has released " The Airport Frustration Index " — a ranking of the most frustrating airports in the U.S. and Canada. Each airport gets a Frustration Score, which includes factors like how long it takes to reach each airport during rush hour, on-time arrivals and departures, and the opinions of more than 3,000 travelers surveyed (another good way to make the list: be one of the three airports that serve New York City). -- Sid Lipsey, Yahoo Travel
10. Philadelphia International
This "old, ugly and cramped airport" is also cited by Bloomberg Businessweek for its unappealing restrooms.... more 
10. Philadelphia International
This "old, ugly and cramped airport" is also cited by Bloomberg Businessweek for its unappealing restrooms. less 
1 / 10
Reuters | Photo by MARK MAKELA / REUTERS
Tue 10 Dec, 2013 3:09 AM IST

Mega auction in February with DoT-defence pactIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
Telecom companies wary of runaway spectrum bids in February can breathe easy with the defence ministry agreeing to swap 15 MHZ of spectrum in the 2100 MHz frequency band. As a result, subscriber tariffs will also stay in check — with higher auction bids, telcos would have passed on costs to subscribers.
After telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad met defence minister Manohar Parrikar to resolve issues on November 17, the telecom ministry has formally delineated a proposal on swapping spectrum in a draft Cabinet note on November 26. The defence ministry has agreed to the proposal on the ‘defence interest zone’ the day after the  telecom ministry wrote to it.
With 15 MHz of the 2100 MHz frequency band in the kitty, chances are the February auctions will now be for all spectrum together — in the 900 MHz, 1800 MHz and 2100 Mhz bands — as the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India  had initially suggested.
While the telecom ministry was initially talking of a two-stage auction — a 2G one for 900/1800 MHz in February and a 3G one for 2100 MHz spectrum in May — it is now amenable to the idea of one big-bang auction.
Had the swap not been agreed to, auction bids would have spiralled in the critical 900 MHz spectrum frequency band (see graphic). In this band, there is 184 MHz of spectrum up for auction across 18 circles, and telcos need to retain this to continue their services. In which case, it requires just one new telco to bid up prices astronomically. If, however, there is 15 MHz of pan-India 2100 MHz spectrum available — this translates to 270 MHz of spectrum in the 18 circles where auctions will be held — the auction bids will not spiral out of control.
Till November 26, while notifying the ‘defence interest zone’ in the crucial 3G band, the defence interest zone had been delineated as 1907.5 MHz to 1954 MHz on the uplink and 1987.5 MHz to 2000 MHz on the downlink. For the first time, on November 26, the Cabinet note included 1900-1907.5 MHz and 1980-1987.5 MHz and said this would be swapped in return for spectrum in 1939-1954 MHz.
Trai, which has been asked for a recommendation on pricing of 2100 MHz, is likely to complete the exercise by the end of the month. Given the usual time for inter-ministerial consultations, the Cabinet approval could come in about two to three weeks.
TAGS: Manohar Parrikar Ravi Shankar Prasad Spectrum Auctions
More from economy

Mid caps steal the show with record closing highsDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
On a day when the benchmark indices ended flat, the BSE Mid-Cap index climbed to a record high. The mid-cap barometer closed at 10,499.86 points after gaining 143.75 or 1.4%.
After under-performing Sensex in 3 of the last 4 months ending October, the broader mid-cap index has outperformed Sensex with gains 4.43% in November. In YTD, the BSE Mid-Cap has gained 56.6% against 3.4% gains on the Sensex.
Not surprisingly, even as blue-chip indices failed to make headway on Wednesday, the total market value of listed BSE scrips managed to scale the R100 lakh crore-milestone, supported by the momentum in mid-cap stocks.
Shares of the BPO firm Firstsource Solution rallied the most with a 12% gain, followed by Suzlon Energy (9.8%), MRF (9.5%), Hatsun Agro Products (9%), Lanco Infratech (7.9%), Sulabh Engineers and Services (7.9%), Sadbhav Engineering (7.2%) and Hindustan Construction (7%).
Shares of Torrent Pharma scaled record high on Wednesday along with other stocks such as Tata Chemicals, Bajaj Corp, Redington India, Britannia, Havells India, Pfizer and ING Vysya Bank. Since October 16, Torrent Pharma’s market cap has risen by 5,610.3 crore, with BSE Mid-Cap gaining near 14% during this period. Jet Airways and Strides Arcolab hit their 52-week highs.
TAGS: BSE Sensex Hatsun Agro Products Lanco Infratech
More from indianmarkets

Modi effect SP  RJD  JD(U)  INLD & JD(S) to unite to form  Samajwadi Janata DalBJP
(5 parties which were once…)
NEW DELHI: Five regional parties which were once part of the ruling Janata Dal of 1990 will resolve to merge and form a single party, tentatively called the Samajwadi Janata Dal , at a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday. The five parties are Mulayam Singh's SP , Lalu Prasad's RJD , Om Prakash Chautala's INLD, Nitish Kumar's JD(U) and Deve Gowda's JD(S).
Leaders of these parties will meet in New Delhi on Thursday, where they will pass a resolution announcing their resolve to merge into a single political entity and set a time-table to complete the formalities at the earliest. Mulayam is likely to be the leader of the new party, with Sharad, Nitish, Abhay Chautala and Gowda likely to be given important responsibilities.
Ajit Singh's RLD, however, is expected to stay out of the latest experiment due to his unresolved differences with Chautala's party over the leadership of Jat politics. BJD, another splinter party of the Janata Parivar will also not be part of this latest unity experiment of the Socialists.
Following BJP's victory in the respective strongholds of these parties, they had recently decided work as a group against BJP . After the formation of the new party, the leaders are expected to announce an agitation against the Modi government and will call upon for the larger unity of all like-minded opposition parties, including the Congress, Trinamool and Left parties. The merged party will be the second largest opposition bloc after Congress in the Rajya Sabha .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Power: Y-Phase of Generator Transformer has been repairedTata Power: Y-Phase of Generator Transformer has been repaired
Tata Power: Y-Phase of Generator Transformer has been repaired
Tata Power Company Ltd has stated that the Y-Phase of Generator Transformer #1 has been successfully repaired and energized on December 01, 2014 and Unit 1 has been synchronized with the Grid on December 03, 2014.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/tata-power-y-phase-of-generator-transformer-has-been-repaired-114120400002_1.html
December 04, 2014 08:19 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 03:08 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Sensex Turns Flat After Hitting Record High Above 28 800You are here: Home Market
Sensex Hits Record High Above 28,800; ITC Soars
NDTV | Updated On: December 04, 2014 09:36 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Indian stock markets hit record highs on Thursday with the Sensex rising over 350 points and the Nifty gaining over 85 points in early trade. Markets rose sharply after three days of consolidation resulting in the Sensex giving up over 250 points.
The Sensex made a new high of 28,822, while the Nifty hit an all-time high of 8,626.95 in opening trade, but the momentum weakened soon after.
Thursday's gains were led by ITC, India's biggest cigarette maker, which jumped over 5 per cent to top the 50-share Nifty benchmark. ITC has the highest weightage in the Nifty, so sharp swings in the stock tend to impact the blue chip index too.
Other tobacco companies such as Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries also saw strong buying interest on reports that the government may not ban the sale of loose cigarettes, which account for 65 to 70 per cent of total cigarette sales in India.
Last month, all these stocks had sold off after the government said it has accepted the recommendations of an expert panel that wanted harsh tobacco rules.
Private lender ICICI Bank was the other big gainer today, rising over 1.5 per cent on 1:5 stock split. Realty stocks also gained after the government on Wednesday eased foreign direct investment rules for the construction sector. The move will help attract more money into the country to build new hotels, housing and townships, analysts say.
Noticeable losers include Steel Authority of India, the state-run firm in which the government will divest a 5 per cent stake through Offer for Sale(OFS) route on Friday. The floor price for the issue will be declared post market hours today. Post this stake sale government's holding in the company will come down to 75 per cent. The stock fell more than 3 per cent in morning trade.
As of 09.30 a.m., the Sensex traded 176 points higher at 28,619, while the Nifty was up at 8,572, rising 35 points.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 09:35 (IST)

Power of stars in astrology can never be matched by science: BJP MP Ramesh Pokhriyal79
0
New Delhi: While the Bharatiya Janata Party  continues to battle the opposition against its leader Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti over her recent controversial remarks, another party MP is in the dock for his statement on the floor of the Lok Sabha.
Former Uttarakhand chief minister and BJP MP Ramesh Pokhriyal on Wednesday sparked a row in Lok Sabha by comparing science and astrology. Pokhriyal claimed that the power of stars in astrology can never be matched by science.
"All streams of science are dwarfed in stature when compared with the science of astrology. Astrology is the number one science for the entire world," he said.
#ramesh pokhriyal #lok sabha #astrology #science
The BJP leader made the statement while participating in a debate on the School of Planning and Architecture Bill, 2014 in Lok Sabha on Wednesday.
Several opposition members in the House including the Congress, Trinamool and Left leaders protested against Pokhriyal's 'regressive' remarks.
278

Rohtak eve-teasing row: Contradictory versions emerge as second video of two the sisters surfaces46
0
Rohtak: The two sisters from Rohtak in Haryana who were earlier lauded for taking on three eve teasers on a moving bus are now facing criticism after another video surfaced showing them thrashing an alleged eve-teaser.
Families of accused seen in the first video have alleged that its a routine for the sisters to thrash men. Girls though claim its a consiparcy to get them to withdraw the case.
After the two sisters thrashed three youths on a bus for allegedly manhandling and eve teasing them, a woman who claims to be on that bus says the girls are lying.
#rohtak sisters #eve teaser #molestation #rohtak
"The altercation was over seats," Nirmalal, the alleged eyewitness said.
Meanwhile a new video of the two sisters surfaced where they are seen attacking a young man in a public park. This video dates back to October. Like in the first video, here too, passerby look on as the two girls thrash a youth who allegedly eve teased them.
The video was released by the family of one of the accused seen in the first video. They claim it's a routine affair for the two sisters to beat up men.
"My child is innocent. I request the government that there should be proper inquiry into this and then a decision should be made," father of the accused said.
The sisters hit back and said that the accused and their families are trying to malign them.
"We have always taken on eve-teasers whenever we have been harassed. This is simply a pressure tactic to try and get us to back down," the sisters said.
96

Companies Act changes affirms industry faith in government: FicciCompanies Act changes affirms industry faith in government: Ficci
ED finds suspect bank a/cs in Burdwan blast ...Enforcement Directorate unearths suspect bank accounts in Burdwan blast case
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 10.22AM IST
Tags:
bank accounts
("We have got a few account…)
KOLKATA: The Enforcement Directorate probing the money laundering aspect in the Burdwan blast case has unearthed a few suspect bank accounts and would probe whether they were linked to terror funding.
"We have got a few account numbers of some unidentified persons while probing the money trail in the Burdwan blast case," an official source told PTI.
The source said the agency had obtained the account numbers of the persons whose identities were yet to be ascertained.
The agency would probe possible links of these accounts to find whether money was used for terror funding.
Early November, the ED had registered a case of money laundering against Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) and several of its recruits in connection with the blast.
The case was registered by the agency based on the FIR filed by the National Investigation Agency and the information provided by it. The NIA is probing the terror angle of the blast which took place in October two.
The source said that accounts of the accused persons named in the FIR were also being probed to ascertain the money trail.
Asked whether the agency had got any clue so far on money raised by Ponzi firms being used for terror funding, the source said no evidence was there as of now.
Soon after the NIA took charge of the probe, a team from the terror funding cell of the agency met ED officials to share information.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ICICI Bank rises 2% post split of shares from Rs 10 to Rs 2Dec 04, 2014, 10.25 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ICICI Bank rises 2% post split of shares from Rs 10 to Rs 2
The bank fixed record date as December 05, 2014 for the purpose of ascertaining the eligible shareholders who would be entitled to receive five equity shares of nominal value of Rs 2 each in lieu of one equity share of nominal value of Rs 10 each of the bank.

Deforestation May Be at Root of Brazil DroughtIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

IITs: Global recruiters like FB  Google roll out 40 offers with Rs 1 cr plus salaryFacebook
(Oracle is leading the charge,…)
MUMBAI: Top international recruiters Facebook, Oracle and Google have rolled out at least 40 offers with total compensation packages higher than Rs 1 crore at the end of only the second day of IIT campus placements, according to campus sources.
Such a large number of crore-plus offers — including cash and stock — are being offered for the first time. Oracle is leading the charge, offering up to 4,800 stock units worth $200,000 (Rs 1.24 crore), besides a $125,000 (Rs 77.5 lakh) cash component. Sources from IITBHU (Varanasi) confirmed these figures.
Sources from IIT-Delhi , IIT-Roorkee and IIT-Kanpur said some 4,000 stock options had been indicated as part of the overall package by the American multinational computer technology corporation.
Google, for Mountain View postings, rolled out a salary of $130,000 (Rs 80.4 lakh) and 250 stock units worth approximately $134,500 (Rs 83 lakh), IIT-BHU officials said.
The institute added that one student has been selected by Oracle US, and another for Google US.
Average domestic salaries at IIT campus placements this year have been in the range of Rs 10-12 lakh. Placements at the older institutes started on December 1.
Stock options are typically rolled out by companies as a retention measure and are often vested only after employees remain with the company for a specified period.
As already reported by ET, Facebook has made offers of $250,000 (Rs 1.55 crore, all-inclusive) to students at IIT-Bombay, IIT-Kharagpur and IIT-Delhi.
A student at one of the IITs who bagged an offer from Oracle said it was communicated to him that he would get a $100,000 base pay, $15,000 joining bonus and $10,000 relocation allowance.
"I was intimated that over and above this, there was also a stock component which I would get to know in the offer letter," he said.
While IIT-BHU has information on the stock options offered by Google, other placement cells said the search engine giant has not yet communicated the relevant numbers to them. However, they said Google would have a stock component in its package and Microsoft was also likely to have the same. ET could not independently reach out to Google at the time of going to print.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Opposition creating hurdles in Parliament on Sadhvi issue  accuses BJPYou are here: Home > Collections > Parliament
Opposition creating hurdles in Parliament on Sadhvi issue, accuses BJP
PTI Dec 3, 2014, 08.28PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(BJP today slammed Opposition…)
NEW DELHI: BJP today slammed Opposition parties for creating pandemonium in Parliament over the controversial remarks of Union minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti , saying they were "insensitive" as they tried to scuttle the statement by Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Naxal attack.
"Opposition created hurdles in the functioning of Parliament for the second day today. Their behaviour was improper," BJP spokesman Sudhanshu Trivedi said.
Referring to the walkout staged by Opposition in the Lok Sabha, he said it was an "insensitive" act as the Home Minister was to make a statement on the Naxal attack in Chhattisgarh in which 14 CRPF personnel were killed.
"At least, the Opposition should have listened to what the Home Minister had to say. But they chose to keep their narrow political agenda above the martyrdom of security personnel," he said.
For the second day, Opposition disrupted Parliament resulting in washout of Rajya Sabha's proceedings, as it created uproar to press for sacking of Jyoti for her controversial remarks but the government rejected the demand.
In both the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha, trouble started as soon as the Houses met for the day at 11 AM with members of Opposition parties like Trinamool Congress, Congress and RSP shouting slogans.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ITC surges nearly 6% on reports that ban on sale of loose cigarettes has been deferredYou are here: Home > Collections
ITC rallies nearly 6% on reports that ban on loose cigarettes likely to be put on hold
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 10.04AM IST
Tags:
Health Minister
(At 09:30 a.m.; ITC was trading…)
NEW DELHI: ITC Ltd surged as much as 5.6 per cent in intraday trade on Thursday, after media reports said that ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs.
A health ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations against taking drastic regulatory steps, said a PTI report.
At a meeting called by Union minister Venkaiah Naidu , health minister J.P. Nadda assured the MPs that he will look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and industry before taking any policy decision, added the report.
The regulatory policy on cigarettes is a critical development to watch out and any adverse outcome may well remain an overhang in near-term, but analysts at top brokerage firms feel that the broader story remains intact and investors should try and accumulate the stock on dips.
"While we believe that the implementation of a restriction on sale of loose cigarettes will be difficult, this is a clear sentiment negative for ITC," global investment bank, Morgan Stanley said in a report last week which has an 'overweight' rating on the stock.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: Ahead of Parliament proceedings  PM Modi holds meeting with Sushma  Jaitely among othersmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella s $84 million pay package approvedDec 04, 2014 at 10:43am IST
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella's $84 million pay package approved
24
0
San Francisco: Microsoft shareholders gave a lukewarm vote of approval Wednesday for CEO Satya Nadella's $84 million pay package, after an investor advisory group said the company was paying him too much.
Nadella's pay package puts him among the highest paid CEOs in the country for last year, although his pay as a first-year CEO falls short of the $378 million that Apple awarded to Tim Cook when he became CEO in 2011. Oracle CEO Larry Ellison was awarded stock options and other pay valued at $67.3 million last year. Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer was paid only $1.3 million in 2013, but he held shares worth nearly $16 billion.
An advisory vote on Microsoft's executive pay program won approval from more than 72 per cent of shareholder votes cast, the company said after its annual shareholder meeting on Wednesday. ISS, which reviews proxy measures for many large companies and criticized Nadella's pay, has said a vote below 70 percent is an indication that a company should review its policies. The vote fell short of the average support level of 91.5 percent for executive pay measures at other companies tracked by ISS affiliate, ISS ExecComp Analytics.
Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer was paid only $1.3 million in 2013, but he held shares worth nearly $16 billion.
#satya nadella #microsoft #microsoft ceo
By comparison, more than 92 per cent of votes supported the company's slate of directors, who ran without opposition.
That doesn't mean investors are overly concerned, according to Wall Street analysts, who say Nadella is generally viewed as moving Microsoft in the right direction.
"He probably would have taken the job for less, so from that regard they are certainly not exhibiting frugality," at a time when Nadella is overseeing a reorganization that includes cutting 18,000 jobs, said Colin Gillis of BGC Financial. But he also pointed to the 30 percent increase in Microsoft's stock price this year and said, "I think that's the primary metric most people care about. If you think about the billions in value that's been created, this is a tiny fraction of that."
Most of the meeting was devoted to a recap of Microsoft's business strategy and a discussion about diversity. Executives heard a presentation from civil rights leader Jesse Jackson, who has been urging the tech industry to hire and promote more women and minorities. Nadella repeated an earlier pledge to make that a priority at Microsoft. While the Redmond, Washington company has previously disclosed some workforce statistics, Nadella also promised to release more detailed figures this month from a report that employers must file annually with the federal government.
Nadella's pay largely consists of stock grants that won't vest before 2019, and Microsoft has said they are an incentive for future performance, since his stock will increase in value if the company does well. Nadella was paid a base salary of $918,917 and a $3.6 million bonus, along with stock grants valued at $79.8 million.
That includes a one-time stock grant valued at $59 million when he was promoted to CEO, and an earlier grant valued at $7 million for his performance as executive vice president before he became CEO. It also includes stock valued at $13.5 million that he was granted when Microsoft gave top executives "retention" awards to keep them from jumping ship while the company searched for a successor to Ballmer. Under securities rules, companies must report an estimated value for stock at the time of a grant, even if it can't be exercised right away.
In a report last month, ISS questioned the company's decision to give what it called a "mega grant" of stock up front, since Microsoft also planned to award Nadella a subsequent annual grant valued at $13 million in the next fiscal year. ISS also said the company should adopt stricter performance standards for executive compensation.
Microsoft Chairman John Thompson said the company wanted to "attract and motivate a world-class CEO." Thompson said the package is tied to performance and "motivates our CEO to create sustainable long-term shareholder value by providing him with the opportunity to share in those gains and build ownership of the company over the next seven years."
Microsoft shares dipped 38 cents to close at $48.08 Wednesday.
8

Google to introduce child-friendly versions of search  YouTube  Chrome: Report19
0
Bangalore: Google plans to roll out child-friendly versions of its most popular products in a bid to be "fun and safe for children", USA Today reported, quoting Pavni Diwanji, the company's vice president of engineering.
The company will likely create specific versions of its search, YouTube and Chrome products for children aged 12 and under, USA Today reported, adding that Google did not provide a timeline for the rollout.
"We want to be thoughtful about what we do, giving parents the right tools to oversee their kids' use of our products," USA Today quoted Diwanji as saying.
Google will roll out products for children aged 12 and under, but it has not provided a timeline.
A Google spokesperson declined to comment, but confirmed that the effort described in the report was accurate.
13

Naval officers from 10 countries undergo training at INSValsuraThe Navy officers rehearse for the Indian Navy Day at INS Valsura in Jamnagar. (Source: Javed Raja)
Written by Ujjwala Nayudu | Ins Valsura (jamnagar) |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:54 am
Naval officers and sailors from around 10 countries are among the 266 officers and 1,060 sailors currently undergoing training at INS Valsura in Jamnagar this year.
Though the actual number of foreign nationals was not revealed by the Navy officials, participants from countries like Mauritius, Ghana, Tanzania, the Philippines, Fiji, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka are among the trainees who are honing their skills at INS Valsura, one of the biggest training centres in the country for electrical and weapon technology of the naval force.
Every year, around 1,000 officers and 2,400 sailors pass out of INS Valsura. At present, 538 sailors and 76 officers (with 13 others deputed in additional units) are working at INS Valsura.
Commanding Officer, Commodore Sreekumar Nair, said, “The Electrical Department of the Indian Navy is one of the most important departments where the combat operation is also taught. For a ship to work efficiently and fire during the war, power generation and distribution plays a key role and therefore the electrical department is a key unit of the force. The officers here are given hands on training of the weapon systems and radars used on the Indian Navy ships.”
An electrical officer has to work with computer-aided weapon systems, missile systems, underwater weapons, radars, gun mounting and communication sets, the officials added.
The naval trainees are trained in five schools inside INS Valsura. The Basic Electrical School (BLS) for 10+2 students to refresh all concepts of electrical, Electrical Technology School (LTS) for basic electrical and electronic technology subjects, Centre for Advanced Technology (CAT) for IT specialisation subjects.
There are two other schools for specialisations – Centre for Electronics Engineering (CEE) for fiber optics, microwaves, signal processing, communication equipments that are in the ships and Electrical Equipment School (LES) that gives hands on training to officers on equipments fitted on board of ships.
At INS Valsura, the sailors get a diploma by the All Indian Council For Technical Education and MSc by Cochin University of Science and Technology for officers who opt for electrical specialisation courses. This year, INS Valsura signed an MoU with the Dhirubhai Institute of Information Technology in Gandhinagar. INS Valsura is also a prime recruitment centre for sailors and officers. Ahead of the Navy Day, it has organised a bicycle expedition in Jamnagar, Porbandar and Junagadh to motivate young boys to join the Indian Navy.
Commander M K Jaswal, PRO INS Valsura, said, “This year, we witnessed an increase in the number of youth from Gujarat showing willingness to join the Navy. However, a very few have been able to clear. In order to increase their numbers, we are organising Senior Secondary Recruits (SSR) drives through district collectors, employment exchanges etc. This year we saw large numbers turning up for recruitment programmes.”
In the recent recruitment drive by continued…

Merger: Janata Parivar parties to meettodayWritten by Santosh Singh |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:54 am
Merger of the Janata Parivar parties on top of their agenda, senior JD (U) leaders Nitish Kumar and Sharad Yadav, RJD chief Lalu Prasad, JD (S) leader H D Deve Gowda, INLD leader Dushyant Chautala and Samajwadi Janata Party leader Kamal Morarka would meet at SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav’s residence in New Delhi on Thursday. This will be their second meeting to discuss the merger of their parties to unitedly fight the “resurgent” BJP.
Sources said Lalu, who initially wanted to buy more time for the merger, may have been convinced. Nitish, Mulayam, Deve Gowda and Morarka had already given their consent for the merger in the last meeting. It was only INLD and RJD that had suggested floating of a front first before these parties merge.
Mulayam is being tipped as president of the new party with least chances of opposition on his name by any leader. Lalu, who once stalled Mulayam’s chances to become PM, has been in his favour. With Lalu’s youngest daughter Raj Lakshmi set to get married to Mulayam’s grand nephew and MainpurI MP Tej Pratap Yadav, the ties between the two Yadav leaders from UP and Bihar would only get stronger.
JD (U) Rajya Sabha MP and national spokesperson K C Tyagi told The Indian Express: “Merger is definitely on our meeting agenda. Let us see how all leaders respond to the big idea and how soon it takes formal shape. Talks have been on with Laluji and hopefully the meeting will have some good outcome.”
Asked about opposition to the merger idea from a section of the RJD and JD (U) leaders, Tyagi said top leaders of both parties would take the final call after considering all aspects. He, however, said the majority opionion was for merger to have common goal to fight BJP.
Earlier, RJD vice-president and former Union minister Raghuvansh Prasad Singh said there had been no common meeting ground between JD (U) and RJD after the Assembly bypoll campaigns. Even Nitish had to clarify that there would be no merger.
“With lot of flip-flop on the merger idea, tomorrow’s meeting will be very important in context of Bihar with Assembly polls just a year away,” said a senior JD (U) leader.

In his later years  Deven became quieter: SharmilaTagoreBy: Indo-Asian News Service |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:48 am
Sharmila Tagore says Deven Verma was one of her best friends in the industry and that they shared a good rapport. However, later in his career, he became quieter, she says.
“If I have to select who my friends were in the film industry during my heydays, it would have to be Yash Chopra, Thakur Lulla, Tanuja, Shashi Kapoor, Gulzar saab and Deven,” she said
“Deven was a lot of fun. I remember laughing a lot with him. There were lots of happy outdoor shootings with him. Deven directed me in ‘Besharam’. Amitabh Bachchan was the male lead in the film. Deven was also my co-star in some of my best films like ‘Devar’ and ‘Anupama’,” she said.
“Deven had also produced ‘Besharam’. I remember the film mainly because I was expecting my elder daughter Sabaa. I already had Saif and we had to complete it before I started showing….There was a bit of dancing in my delicate condition, which I had to be careful with. We did a lot of outdoor shooting in Bangalore.”
“Like Hrishi-da (Hrishikesh Mukherjee), Deven would joke and keep the atmosphere light even while directing. So shooting with him wasn’t tedious. I had fun shooting ‘Besharam’. I remember, I impersonated a beggar in the film. Amitabh and Deven would constantly joke around,” she said.
Later, Deven shifted his base to Pune and Sharmila says that the effervescent actor became quieter.
“I spoke to Deven a couple of time after he shifted residence to Pune. He had changed. He had become quieter. I remembered him as always being funny and filled with laughter. I think in his later years he had become…different, sober and quieter,” she said.
Sharmila says that Deven, who died Tuesday following a heart attack and kidney failure, played prominent roles in some of her films.
“Deven had a very prominent role in ‘Devar’, which also starred Dharmendra. I remember we did a lot of night shooting at Mohan Studios. Dharmendra was very busy those days, so Deven and I would spend a lot of time together. That’s when we got friendly.”
“Deven was very close to producer Thakur Lulla, who produced ‘Anupama’. Deven was also very close to Yash Chopra, whom I was close to. So, the four of us became very close friends.”
“With Deven I became closer when he married Dada Moni’s (Ashok Kumar) daughter Roopa…you know, the entire Bengali connection….The fact that Deven got along with my husband Tiger also helped. Sometimes when only one of a couple is friendly with an individual, it becomes difficult to keep up a relationship. Fortunately, Deven got along famously with Tiger. We had a lot of fun times in Carmichael Road. We remained friends for a very long time.”
“Deven moved away from the film industry and continued…

Rural areas need dedicated planning authority  squad:RaoWritten by Nisha Nambiar | Pune |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:48 am
For a check on illegal constructions and ensuring better monitoring of constructions in areas on the fringe of the city, Pune district collector Saurabh Rao has submitted a 21-page report seeking a dedicated planning authority and squad to inspect constructions to detect illegal ones, besides additional staff in the collectorate for these activities.
The report reinforces the need to chalk out a policy on illegal constructions. A  report to monitor illegal constructions, prepared under present Chief Secretary Swadheen Kshatriya, is pending with the government.
Rao’s report has been forwarded to the revenue and forest department and the Urban Development Department principal secretaries. “It is an exhaustive report on the plan of action and requirements of the district administration,” he said. “The report details ongoing survey and staff required. We stressed preventing grant of speedy NAs and construction plans besides a separate planning authority to keep a tab on constructions,” he said.
After the Narhe building collapse in October, the administration had taken up the task of surveying illegal constructions that sprang up just outside the city limits. The administration surveyed 35,000 buildings in the district and is expected to come out with a consolidated report on number of authorised constructions, as well as illegal constructions.
The report states it wants to spell out solutions. With the survey still on, the district collector said that after the survey they would submit a detailed report on legal, illegal, partially legal, partially illegal buildings and issue notices under the Maharashtra Land Revenue Code 1966 under section 45 and Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act 1966, section 51-57.
The collector stated in his report that there is no separate planning authority to check permissions taken once building permissions are given. The report  mentions that it is mandatory to have a planning authority as per MRTP Act, 1966 under section 18 and post the clearance of the building proposal the monitoring authority should check permissions. Citing the Narhe example where there was permission for four floors but the fifth floor was added without permission, he said it is mandatory for planning authority staff to repeatedly check constructions. He said revenue department officials are already burdened with regular work and a separate cell is necessary for monitoring constructions.
The collector demanded that a separate squad be appointed at the collectorate with adequate staff of about 30 for maintaining records as well as monitoring permissions.
The proposal for a separate squad was made thrice, in October 2009, May 2010 as well in April 2013.  The other recommendations include changes in registrations act and amendments, more awareness about what to check before buying a property through flex boards at all offices as well as MSEDCL and water distribution office to check illegal supply.
Rao said after the Narhe building collapse, they held meetings with all departments, CREDAI,  continued…

BJP inducts Mukul Roys nephew in tit-for-tatmoveBy: Express News Service | Kolkata |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:47 am
Two days after state BJP president Rahul Sinha’s brother joined the TMC, BJP inducted Dibyendu Roy, nephew of All-India TMC general secretary Mukul Roy.
“Unlike what the TMC did, we are not fabricating it by making someone who is already a party worker, rejoin the party. Dibyendu had never been associated with any political party and has now chosen to join the BJP looking at its activities,” Sinha said at a press conference on Wednesday.
Asked what made him join the BJP when his uncle Mukul Roy held a high office in the ruling party, Dibyendu said, “I think any individual is free to choose the political party of his or her preference. I would not like to talk about my family members association with the TMC but all I can say is that there are certain things I don’t like about the TMC and things that I like about BJP. The way they function and the principles of Prime Minister Narendra Modi had prodded me to join BJP. I had no previous association with any political party.”
Asked if he would be given any post in the party the 33-year-old said it would be decided by the party leadership and he would be happy to play any role he is given in the party.
Commenting on the CPM protesting against the Saradha issue, Sinha said it was a drama staged by the CPM leaders who were hand-in-glove with the TMC. “Why do they want to go to the Prime Minister? What other than a photo opportunity would be achieved there? The CBI probe has been initiated on the direction of the Supreme Court. The CPM leaders are equally involved in the Saradha scam. They should clear their stand first on the issue. If they have any proof against the CM in the chit fund scam, they should hand it over to the CBI,” he said.
Sinha added that CPM had given birth to these chit fund companies and Sudipta Sen was initially associated with CPM before he switched over to TMC after the new government was in place here.
Along with Dibyendu, Johar Dasgupta, president of the Academy of Fine Arts, Arindam Chatterjee and Subhashish Ray from the music world also joined the party on Wednesday.

Sewage canal  river boats in BJP plan for a cleanYamunaWritten by Shalini Narayan | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:44 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 11:46 am
Senior BJP leaders on Wednesday met Delhi Lieutenant-Governor Najeeb Jung and Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari on Wednesday to discuss the issue of cleaning the Yamuna. They also discussed a proposal to allow boats on the river – between Haryana border and Agra.
Sources said representatives of all government agencies who were present at the meeting will submit a report on the proposal to the L-G within 10 days.
Sources said the L-G, Gadkari, and senior representatives of the Delhi Development Authority, Delhi Jal Board and Environment Ministry were present at the meeting. Ramesh Bidhuri, Udit Raj, Meenakshi Lekhi and Parvesh Singh Sahib were among the BJP MPs who attended the meeting.
“Three proposals were discussed – a proposal to check pollution levels in the Yamuna, harvesting rainwater and allowing the passage of boats (if possible) on the river between the Haryana border and Agra. The idea of beautification of the river was also discussed,” Bidhuri said.
Sources said a proposal was made to install at least one or two barrages between Okhla, Wazirabad and Kalindi Kunj to harvest rainwater. Another proposal was to have a canal running along the river which will carry sewage and thereby help in cleaning the river.
The meeting concluded with a decision to draft a report on how the three proposals can be executed, the estimated cost of the projects and how long it will take to be implement them.
“So far, the issue of cleaning the Yamuna has only been in talks. Not much has been done to actually implement a plan. To expedite the process, the report will be finalised in 10 days and the plan taken forward,” Bidhuri said.

NRS lynching: On World Disabled Day  protesters seek justice for KorbanShahWritten by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:42 am
The clamour for justice for Korban Shah, the youth who was found murdered at NRS Medical College and Hospital in Kolkata, became stronger as personalities like former Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee lent their support on the occasion of World Disabled Day.
Shah’s family had claimed that he was mentally challenged.
On November 16, Korban from Uluberia in Howrah, was lynched at NRS medical college hostel.The 30-year-old who was the father of four children, was suspected to have been a thief. His body was found tied around a pillar on the third floor of the hostel. Even after 16 days, the police have not been able to make any arrests.
During the rally at Esplanade on Wednesday, three demands were raised: setting up a judicial commission to unearth the truth behind the murder, removal of the officer-in-charge of Entally police station and removal of the principal of the college, Manju Banerjee.
A sum of about Rs 1.5 lakh was arranged and handed over to the wife of Korban who had come to attend the rally.
The Kolkata Police however, say they have not yet given up. “We are zeroing in on the culprit. There is no question of sparing the criminal,” Surojot Kar Purokayastha, Kolkata Police commissioner, told The Indian Express.

Shaun Marsh added to Australias Test squad for the Adelaide Test againstIndiaBy: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:28 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 2:37 pm
Australia fast bowler Ryan Harris has declared himself a certain starter for the first Test against India but cannot say the same for all of his team mates a day after Phillip Hughes’ funeral.
Harris wrote in a column for Fairfax Media that Wednesday’s funeral in batsman Hughes’ hometown of Macksville, New South Wales, had reminded him that, despite the solemn occasion, people wanted the team to play.
“Seeing the green and gold streamers was a reminder these people want to see some cricket played, want to see us get out there and beat the Indians,” he said in comments published on Thursday, referring to Australia’s national sporting colours.
“One thing I noticed late on Wednesday was how the mood in the group had begun to shift. There were a few conversations about getting back to playing. The funeral was a bit of a milestone. As well as to pay your respects it gives you a bit of closure.
“I know some guys have really struggled — some haven’t even picked up a bat or ball yet since it happened. They’re just not going to know, until they pick a bat or ball up, whether or not they’re going to be capable of playing.”
Harris spent most the year recovering from knee surgery and missed the 2-0 Test series defeat against Pakistan in United Arab Emirates, but said he felt fit and ready for India.
“My knee that got operated on after the South Africa series is going really well — so well it’s almost scary,” he said.
Most of Australia’s players arrived in Adelaide on Thursday on the same day they were originally to start playing the first Test in Brisbane.
The Brisbane match was postponed until after Adelaide, which was brought forward to start on Tuesday.
MARSH BROTHERS
Batsman Shaun Marsh has been called up, joining his brother Mitch in the squad, in a possible indication that captain Michael Clarke is still an injury doubt.
Clarke, who has been suffering from a hamstring problem, took a leading role in comforting the Hughes family after the death last week of his friend and former team mate from injuries suffered in a domestic match.
Shaun Marsh, 31, has played nine Tests for his country since his debut in 2011 and was dropped after failing to score a single run while batting at number four in the second Test against South Africa in February.
Australia coach Darren Lehmann said in a newspaper column that he accepted that next week might still be too soon for some of his players to return to action.
“We hope the boys can find the inner strength to play the game in the way Phillip would have wanted in Adelaide next week and that they can honour what he had done,” he wrote in The Australian.
After their preparations were disrupted in the wake of Hughes’s death, India continued…

Intel looking to partner in India s Smart C...Debjani Ghosh
(The second half of 2015 will…)
US technology major Intel is gearing up to partner in the government's Smart Cities initiative, and is talking to technology providers to collaborate for the projects, Debjani Ghosh , vice-president, sales & marketing group, managing director, Intel South Asia , tells ET, but cautions that execution, which has been a challenge in India, will be crucial. She, however, points out the strong political will for the project that exists today. Ghosh also adds that Intel will make a strong smartphone play across price points in the second half of 2015: Edited excerpts:
Q) How involved is Intel in the government's Smart City project ?
A) We are involved very strongly in developing the concept of Smart City. India is going to have multiple Smart Cities and different models for each city. For Smart Cities, we should not look at technological modernization, rather look at how to enhance the culture and heritage so that more people come to these cities. The government has announced 100 Smart Cities and is in the process of identifying cities that can be transformed. Varanasi has already been identified.
Q) What can Intel offer for a Smart City Project?
A) From management to security to analytics, we have it all on our hardware platform. We provide System Integrators with very compelling platform and they can build these solutions further.
Q) Have you had discussions with technology providers?
A) Absolutely. We are strongly engaged with them.
Q) Do you foresee execution as a challenge for the initiative in India?
A) Execution has always been a challenge in India. This is one of those cases where the strongest political will is required to make it happen. I have never seen such strong political will. You will see some results.
Q) Between brownfield and greenfield projects (for smart cities), which one is easier to build?
A) Greenfield is the more practical approach. But again you need to look at the problems. For instance, Varanasi, which is a tourist place and should be clean, but it is not. There is huge problem with the entire waste disposal system.
You also need a local industry because people need to have employment. A Smart City is something when young people don't want to leave the city for employment. So, you have to ensure that there's enough local opportunity available to keep them engaged.
Q) Has Intel missed the bus in the smartphone market? What is your plan to get back into the race?
A) Yes we are late, but haven't missed the bus. When we start innovating, I don't think anyone can challenge us. We can figure out ways to get back into the game very quick.
Next year, we will get ready with SoFIA, which is a chipset for smartphones. We are set for scale from day one. SoFia is expected to be launched in the second half of next year. It will be a competitive proposition both in terms of performance and price. We are ready for the game.
Q) India specifically, do you have numbers in mind for the smartphone space?
A) I do have, but I can't share them right now. We are talking to a lot of smartphone vendors, but will share specifics as they get finalised. The second half of 2015 will see smartphone launches based on the SoFIA chipset by local as well as global handset players.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IOC seeks partners in $1-bn Guj plant after ...Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Global energy major BP has decided to quit a joint venture with state-owned Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), which was to set up the world's largest acetic acid plant in Gujarat with proposed investments of $1 billion, or Rs 6,200 crore. The decision comes at a time when Prime Minister Narendra Modi is busy marketing India globally as part of his ambitious 'Make in India' vision to make India a global manufacturing hub.
Confirming the move, IOC chairman B Ashok told TOI, "The acetic acid plant in Gujarat didn't meet the viability standards of BP and they expressed their desire to move out of the project. We are very much working on the plant to make it viable and are evaluating tie-ups with other global firms. The plant is not off."
When asked for comments, a BP spokesperson, in a reply to an e-mailed query by this paper, said, "Indian Oil (IOC) and BP have been working closely since 2011 to explore options of setting up a potential acetic acid joint venture in Gujarat. Despite the best efforts of our combined teams, we have faced a number of challenges, particularly with capital costs, in developing an attractive project. Earlier this year, BP and IOC have jointly decided not to pursue this project. Given the excellent relationship we enjoy, we will also continue to work on other joint opportunities in the petrochemicals arena in future."
BP had signed an MoU with IOC in 2011 to set up the 50:50 joint venture to invest in a 1-million tonne per annum acetic acid plant in Gujarat along with associated gasification facilities for production of synthesis gas and production was slated to commence in 2015. The proposed acetic acid plant was to employ BP's Cativa XL technology, whilst the gasification facilities were to utilize petroleum coke feedstock from IOC.
Bob Dudley, global chief executive of BP, along with RIL chairman Mukesh Ambani had met Narendra Modi in October last year when he was the Gujarat chief minister and was nominated as BJP's prime ministerial candidate.
"Gujarat emphasizes how the above-ground factors largely based on good policy can make a major difference to the lives of many people. Gujarat, too, features prominently in our growth plans as we are hoping to set up one of the world's largest acetic acid plants here," Dudley had said then.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Fadnavis ministry expansion tomorrowUpdated: December 5, 2014 02:24 IST
12 Sena MLAs to join Fadnavis govt.
Omar Rashid
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis
TOPICS
government
Fadnavis ministry will be expanded tomorrow to accomodate Shiv Sena members in the cabinet.
The Shiv Sena will join the BJP government in Maharashtra at its first cabinet expansion on Friday. Twelve Sena MLAs will be inducted as ministers — five cabinet and seven Ministers of State.
After parting ways just before the Assembly elections following differences over seat-sharing, the BJP and Sena have made peace and are set to form an alliance government. The last time the two parties had an alliance government in Maharashtra was in 1995 but the Chief Minister then, Manohar Joshi, belonged to the Sena.
After a month of squabbling over the parameters of inclusion, the Sena, in a major climb down agreed to come on board without being granted it the posts of Deputy CM and home ministry. The names and portfolios of the Sena ministers will be finalised tonight.
The BJP will also induct up to 10 of its own MLAs as ministers at the swearing-in ceremony tomorrow. Out of the 12 Sena MLAs, 10 are expected to take oath on Friday. Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said the smaller allies of the BJP would also be inducted into the government but at a later stage, possibly in the second cabinet expansion expected in February.
After its first re-shuffle, Mr. Fadnavis’ cabinet will expand to 32-34 ministers. At present, it has 8 cabinet and two MoS.
Announcing the formation of a ‘Mahayuti’ government, at a joint-press conference, Mr. Fadnavis, who was flanked by senior Sena leaders, said the two parties have decided to run the government together keeping in view the mandate of the people. “To honour the sentiment of the people who want to see the Sena and BJP work together for Maharashtra, we will come together as an alliance. The priority of both the parties is the development of Maharashtra,” Mr. Fadnavis said. The Chief Minister also clarified that there would be no deputy CM post in his government.
Though the two parties after failing to agree on seat-sharing chose to contest the assembly polls separately, the ties never broke completely.
Sena's representative in the Modi cabinet, Anant Geete, stayed on and the two parties continued to run the cash rich Mumbai civic body and several other municipalities in the state.
The bargaining strength of the Sena dwindled substantially after the NCP, which has 41 members in an Assembly of 288, extended unsolicited and unconditional support to the BJP government which was short of 23 members for a simple majority.
With the Sena on board, the CM can breathe easy as he faces the winter session of the Assembly beginning on December 8 at Nagpur.
The alliance will extend to the local civic and panchayat bodies as well, Mr. Fadnavis said. With a combined strength of 185 MLAs, (BJP 122 and Sena 63), the government looks stable and will no longer require the “outside” support of the NCP.

Fisheries Bill before House panelUpdated: December 4, 2014 11:45 IST
Fisheries Bill before House panel
Special Correspondent
Tweet
After a two-hour discussion, the Assembly on Wednesday referred a Bill to invigorate inland fisheries to its Subject Committee.
The Kerala Fish Seed Bill, 2014, which went to the panel for honing, seeks to bring in “an integrated planning, monitoring and management mechanism” for ensuring supply of quality fish seed to inland fish farmers — the supply spurring growth in demand, spread of inland fish farming to more areas in the State, and thus growth in production, Fisheries Minister K. Babu said, piloting the Bill.
He said the State had nearly four lakh hectares of inland water-spread consisting rivers, lakes, reservoirs, estuaries, and ponds.
Hardly 25 per cent of this supported fisheries activities now and one constraint was the difficulty in accessing fish seed for cultivation.
Some quantity came from other States, but there was no system here to ensure that the hatcheries in the State and those located outside the State supplying fish seed to the farmers here were supplying seeds of good and safe quality.
The Bill envisages the setting up of a State Fish Seed Centre and Regional Fish Seed Centres and laboratories, appointment of fish seed inspectors and analysts, a registration and licence system for hatcheries, penal provisions for flouting provisions governing quality of seeds, several adjudicators and an appeal system.
The powers of the adjudicators are vested with officers of deputy director’s rank in the Fisheries Department, and those of the appeal system, with joint director’s rank or above.
K.K. Lathika, G.S. Jayalal and A. Pradeep Kumar from the Opposition side spoke of how the “Bill does not address the real impediments before the development of inland fisheries in the State” — pollution of waterbodies, reclamation of lakes, the use of destructive fishing methods and so on.
Dominique Presentation of the Congress too spoke of the diverse issues hampering inland fisheries and said this fisheries Bill would help promote fisheries production in the State.

Ambareesh Baliga bullish on Pidilite IndustriesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ambareesh Baliga bullish on Pidilite Industries
Independent Market Expert, Ambareesh Baliga is bullish on Pidilite Industries.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Independent Market Expert, Ambareesh Baliga told CNBC-TV18, "One could still go with the stocks where there is momentum but finding value in a market like this is, it is very difficult for someone to justify. You need to keep changing your parameters to justify as to why you should be buying at these levels. However, there is one stock which I am still quite bullish on which is Pidilite Industries ."
"Despite the sort of a runup it should be quoting at Rs 40 plus price to earnings (PE) just like  Asian Paints because that is the closest comparison and in fact I am looking at earnings per share (EPS) of what Rs 40.5 for FY16. The best part for both these companies is that since the raw material prices are coming down the margins are expanding and unlike tyre stocks they need not be reducing their prices. Whereas when the raw material prices move up they have the pricing power to increase the prices," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Infosys  says Ambareesh BaligaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Infosys, says Ambareesh Baliga
Independent Market Expert, Ambareesh Baliga advises buying Infosys.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Independent Market Expert, Ambareesh Baliga told CNBC-TV18, "At 2,080  Infosys could be bought because this is again one of those few IT stocks where I would still be bullish despite the sort of a runup which we have seen. So, at 2,080 it could be bought with a price target of about Rs 2,200."
At 11:16 hrs Infosys was quoting at Rs 2,109.05, down Rs 13.55, or 0.64 percent.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 101.90 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 20.72. The latest book value of the company is Rs 366.51 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 5.76. The dividend yield of the company was 2.98 percent.
RELATED NEWS

Omaxe stock flat...plans to raise fundsOmaxe stock flat...plans to raise funds
Ranbaxy turns weak as Germany bans import from DewasRanbaxy turns weak as Germany bans import from Dewas
Modi lauds Indian Navy s valour  dedicationModi lauds Indian Navy s valour  dedication
Why is Rakesh Jhunjhunwala investing in SpiceJet airlineWhy is Rakesh Jhunjhunwala investing in SpiceJet airline
New York policeman not indicted in chokehold death; US Justice sets probeNew York policeman not indicted in chokehold death; US Justice sets probe
SAIL divests 26% stake in Bokaro Jaypee CementSAIL divests 26% stake in Bokaro Jaypee Cement
Despite big talks  India is miles away from digitisationHi Guest
Despite big talks, India is miles away from digitisation
It's unlikely we'll achieve ubiquitous digital access with our current approach. There are too many problems and too few synergies, requiring radical changes in direction, says Shyam Ponappa.  Image: India must devise policies and strategies to fulfil its digitisation dream. Photograph: Claro Cortes/Reuters   With all the talk about Digital India, one would think it's taking off. But in reality, it isn't quite here yet - because of our confused approach to independent networks, and ...

Moody s: US States and local governments retain stable outlooks for 2015Moody's: US States and local governments retain stable outlooks for 2015
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 04, 2014 10:59 IST
Moody's expects state tax revenue growth in 2015 to rise faster than in 2014, but remain within a 5% - 6% range, which is moderate for the sector and consistent with the long-term average
 
 
The 2015 outlooks for both US states and local governments will remain stable as a strengthening US economy supports state revenue growth and property tax revenues slowly recover, says Moody's Investors Service in two new annual outlook reports.
Moody's expects state tax revenue growth in 2015 to rise faster than in 2014, but remain within a 5% - 6% range, which is moderate for the sector and consistent with the long-term average. There will be significant regional variations, however, as a surging technology sector and an oil and gas boom fuel job growth in the West and South.
Risks to state revenue growth include anti-tax sentiment prevailing and the volatility of the stock market. With personal income taxes making up about 40% of state revenues, and with taxes from high wealth individuals contributing a disproportionately large share of this revenue taxes, revenues tend to rise and fall with the stock market.
Pressures on the budget side include Medicaid, pensions, K-12 education, and deferred infrastructure improvements and maintenance.
"Expected increases in Medicaid costs and growing pension expenses have constrained the ability of states to increase other areas of spending," says Vice President -- Senior Analyst Lisa Heller in "2015 Outlook -- US States: Moderate State Tax Revenue Growth Supports Fiscal Stability."
Property taxes, the majority of local government revenues, have returned to a slow but steady growth trajectory as housing markets stabilize and governments are generally willing to use their property tax authority.
Moody's expects property taxes to grow at 2%-3% for the next several years. Property tax caps, anti-tax sentiment and the unevenness of the housing recovery are checks on this growth, which is significantly below the 6%+ range that it was before the economic downturn.
In general, impending cost pressures will make it difficult for some local governments to balance their budgets.
"Fixed costs such as pensions and retiree health benefits are likely to consume an increasing share of budgets, presenting dilemmas about whether to cut costs, increase property tax revenue or tap into reserves," says Moody's Analyst Dan Seymour in "2015 Outlook -- US Local Governments: Slow Recovery of Property Tax Revenue Paints Broadly Stable Picture."
Some pockets of credit pressure remain across the US, but fewer than a year before. For 2014, Moody's designated 21 local government sectors -- municipal, country or school districts across a given state -- as "pressured." For 2015, only 13 are so designated.
Moody's outlooks reflect its expectations for the fundamental business, financial and economic conditions in a sector over the next 12 -18 months.

At 11:48 hrs vipul has formed a bearish bar reversal chart pattern tod...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

At 11:55 hrs surabhi chemica has formed a bearish bar reversal chart p...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

At 11:52 hrs pcs has formed a bearish bar reversal chart pattern today...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

At 11:56 hrs ashima has formed a bullish bar reversal chart pattern to...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

ITC leads the pack on BSE  up 4.5%ITC extends morning gains, up 5.6% on BSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 4:  
ITC built on its morning gains to stay ahead of the pack on the BSE in late trading on Thursday. At 3.20 pm the share was trading at Rs 383.45 as against Rs 363 at close on Wednesday. This represented a gain of 5.63 per cent.
Sesa Sterlite surged 2.77 per cent to quote at Rs 237.15 as against Rs 230.75 overnight.
Cipla traded firm to hold gains of 2.64 per cent near the close. It was quoting at Rs 658.55 as against Wednesday's finish at Rs 641.60.
HDFC Bank traded up 0.97 per cent at Rs 941.45 as against Rs 932.45 at close yesterday.
State Bank of India gained 0.87 per cent by the close. It was trading at Rs 320.3 as against Rs 317.55 at the close yesterday.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related
Markets Live: Sensex jumps 120 points on FII inflows
TOPICS

Carlyle Group promotes India MD to co-head Asia PE businessCarlyle Group promotes India MD to co-head Asia PE business
Reuters
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
Carlyle Group LP has promoted India Managing Director M. Shankar Narayanan to co-head its Asian private equity business, according to three sources familiar with the appointment.
Narayanan will join Wayne Wen-Tsui Tsou in overseeing investments from the $1 billion Carlyle Asia Growth Partners IV fund, which accounts for the bulk of the private equity firm's growth capital investments in the region.
The sources declined to be identified because the appointment has not been made public.
"An official announcement from Carlyle is expected later this month or early January," said one of the sources.
Carlyle declined to comment.
Narayanan joined Carlyle in 2004 from Hathway Investments to oversee a growth fund in India focusing on minority investments.
Among investments undertaken under Narayanan, Carlyle bought stakes in India's Tirumala Milk Products and Repco Home Finance . It exited both investments this year.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Chinas yuan touches 3-1/2 month lowChina’s yuan touches 3-1/2 month low
Reuters
Tweet
Hong Kong, Dec 4:  
China’s yuan touched a 3-1/2 month low against the dollar after the central bank set weaker midpoint, but had steadied slightly from the low by mid-day on Thursday.
The People’s Bank of China (PBOC) fixed the official midpoint at 6.1411 per dollar, down 0.06 per cent from Wednesday’s 6.1376. It was the lowest level since November 25.
Spot yuan changed hands at 6.1508 at mid-day, down 0.01 per cent from the previous day’s close of 6.1500. It touched 6.1599 in morning trade, the weakest level since August 22. The spot rate is currently allowed to trade 2 per cent above or below the midpoint.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex trading flat after hitting 28 721 in early tradeWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Strides Arcolab gains as arm to set up facility in MalaysiaStrides Arcolab gains as arm to set up facility in Malaysia
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 11:02 AM IST
Shares of Strides Arcolab were up nearly 5% at Rs 973 after the company said its  wholly-owned subsidiary Stelis Biopharma will commence construction of its biologics facility in Malaysia.
Stelis Biopharma announced the ground-breaking for construction of its Biologics facility at Bio-Xcell Biotechnology Park in Nusajaya, Johor, Malaysia's park and ecosystem for industrial and healthcare biotechnology, the company said in release.
Stelis Biopharma had previously announced the signing of a Build and Lease agreement with Bio-XCell for the construction of the building and part of the equipment of Stelis Biopharma's 140,000 sq. feet facility, for a total project investment amount of RM201 million. ($60 million or around Rs 360 crore), the release added.
The stock opened at Rs 933 and touched a high of Rs 985 on the BSE. At 11AM, over 1.1 million shares were traded on both the stock exchanges.

Cama Hospital nurses hold strike against Swachhata AbhiyaanBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 3, 2014 1:44 am
The state-run Cama and Albess Hospital in South Mumbai came to a standstill for a few hours Tuesday morning after the nursing staff struck work and staged a protest to oppose the medical superintendent’s (MS) instructions to participate in ‘Swachhata Abhiyaan’ during their work hours.
The protest was called off after Medical Education Director Dr Pravin Shringare personally visited the hospital to discuss the issues. The nurses also demanded the removal of MS Dr Rajshri Katke. “We have taken their complaints and a discussion will be held with the medical education secretary to take appropriate action,” Shringare told Newsline.
A nurse, on condition of anonymity, said: “The superintendent asked us to participate in ‘Swachhata Abhiyaan’ on Saturdays. While we have no issue in becoming a part of it, it is difficult to manage patients as well as such activities during working hours. Prime Minister Modi has not asked hospitals to stop attending to patients to clean the campus.” The nurses alleged that Katke herself posed in front of the camera but never participated in sweeping the premises.
The Cama Hospital mostly receives maternal and pediatric cases. According to staffers, all doctors, nurses and class IV employees have been instructed to sweep as a part of the campaign. “We are already struggling with staff shortage. There is no time left with doctors and nurses for such activities,” a sweeper said.
Katke, who took charge of the hospital in 2010, said: “The nurses resumed work later during the day. They were unhappy when they were asked to help in cleaning the hospital. The matter will, however, be resolved soon. I have till now not spoken to them directly about their problems.”
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Dont change Chandigarh into a trading  industrial city: PatilWritten by Khushboo Sandhu | Chandigarh |
Posted: December 3, 2014 4:53 am | Updated: December 3, 2014 4:54 am
Punjab Governor and UT Administrator Shivraj V Patil, on Tuesday, said that Chandigarh should not be changed into a trading or industrial city. Rather it should remain an administrative city, he said.
As his five year term ends on January 22, Patil told Newsline that those who want to set up an industry should explore options in Panchkula and Mohali or beyond.
“This city has been declared by an administrative city like New Delhi or Washington, or any other city where the emphasis would be on providing facilities for good governance and good administration rather than facilities for trading activities or industrial activities,” he said.
Patil said that “as far as industrial and trading activity is concerned, we are depending on asking Panchkula and Mohali to do something in that aspect and allow this city to provide administrative facilities in the best possible way.”
There is division of work between the three cities, he said while adding that if people have to go 10 kilometres out of the city to get a certificate made that would be a problem for them.
The administrator went on to say that when it was found that there were some industries in New Delhi and old Delhi too, the High Court and Supreme Court directed that these to be shifted outside. This was done to ensure that they do not pollute and to see that the city which has been working to provide administrative and other kinds of facilities for governance are provided freely and in the best possible manner. It is the same principle we have here, he added.
Patil said that the essence of the Master Plan is to see that the character of Chandigarh is not disturbed. “I have approved the Master Plan at my level as per law and sent it to the Government of India for its information and suggestions. We received a letter from them they have no suggestions. The Master Plan will remain in existence for many, many years to come,” he said.
Patil also stated that 90 per cent of the people here want that the character of the city be maintained as it is. It is only 10 per cent who want that they should be allowed to make changes.

TMC govt replaced lal salaam with scam salaam: BJPBy: Express News Service | Kolkata |
Posted: December 3, 2014 12:03 am
The BJP rally of intellectuals against the alleged involvement of TMC leaders in the multi-crore Saradha scam and cross-border terrorism, failed to attract intellectuals other than those who have already joined the party. Veteran journalist M J Akbar who had joined the party earlier this year and was appointed the spokesperson, however soun-ded optimistic: “I am sure they will join us with time,” he said on the sidelines of the event.
BJP leader Jayprakash Majumder however said, “Who is an intellectual? Were those lightmen and karate instructors who were seen in the last rally (referring to the TMC rally on November 28) intellectuals? In that regard, ours is a bigger hit as over 2,000 persons have walked this rally all the way from College Square to Esplanade.”
While it had been touted as a non-political rally and no BJP flags were sported, speakers didn’t mince words and hit out at the TMC. “This rally is for the millions of youths of Bengal who have been deprived of jobs and a respectable life. During the 34 years of CPM rule, they gave everyone a ‘lal salaam’, the TMC  government is giving us a ‘Saradha salaam’ and ‘scam salaam’. Bengal wants another change now. A real one this time,” Akbar said in his speech.
Actor Joy Banerjee said he was protesting against the attack on democracy. “Freedom of speech has been taken away from us. All who are walking today are BJP supporters and in 2016, there would be BJP coming to power in Bengal,” he said.
Kumar Sanu joins BJP
Playback singer Kumar Sanu on Tuesday joined BJP in the presence of party president Amit Shah, saying he wanted to serve the poor and claimed that a lot could be done under Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s leadership. Sanu had joined BJP in 2004 also when the party was led by Venkaiah Naidu, but later quit the party. “I am a big fan of Modi ji…Only Modi can save India and take us forward,” he said.

Painful neighbours to labour pains  womens helpline is all earsWritten by Mayura Janwalkar | New Delhi |
Posted: December 3, 2014 2:36 am
A hacked tree, an unleashed dog, parking tiffs and home renovation woes — Delhi’s distressed women call the Delhi Commission for Women on its helplines for troubles of all sorts.
While the commission or DCW and its counsellors are trained to offer support to women facing serious crimes such as rape, sexual harassment, abduction and domestic violence, they have been patient even with those reporting other problems, sometimes trivial.
“They call DCW because they feel that they will be heard. A woman called saying that her neighbour had unleashed his dog on her. Another called to say that someone was dumping garbage in front of her house. What action can the DCW take in such cases? But we never turn them down. We either refer them to the appropriate authority or try to resolve their problems,” Barkha Singh Shukla, chairperson of DCW, said.
Between April 2013 and March 2014, the commission received 2,111 complaints. Of these, 106 were categorised under “harassment by neighbour”. In the same period, the commission also received 152 miscellaneous complaints, of which, it settled 59.
“A man called saying that his wife was going into labour and needed to be taken to hospital. He should have ideally called an ambulance but we tried to help him. We politely told him to take his wife to the same hospital where he had taken her for her first delivery,” a helpline coordinator said.
A DCW official said, “A woman called and said a man was dumping garbage outside her house. If the complaint was solely that it would not come under our purview. But she told us that when she scolded the man, he verbally abused her. So we had to step in.”
The DCW runs four helplines — general, rape crisis cell, pre-marital counselling cell and a mobile helpline.
Although they offer help to women facing harassment, several helpline operators said they had been harassed by “abusive callers”. “Some callers use such filthy language that it hurts our ears. Some people get drunk at night and make obscene calls. We complain to police and hand over their numbers,” a helpline coordinator said.
However, not all late-night callers are abusive, officials said. “A medical student, who used to study at night, once called the helpline number just to chat. He said he had no one else to talk to during the night. But he didn’t have a complaint either,” the coordinator said.

Ahmedabad court denies permission to take serial blasts accused to Kerala courtWritten by Satish Jha | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 3, 2014 12:28 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 12:32 pm
A special designated court hearing the 2008 serial bomb blast case on Tuesday denied permission to take 26 accused for their appearance before a local court in Ernakulam, Kerala.
The court refused the permission citing security reasons and said that taking the pack of 26 accused, that includes Safadar Nagori of the banned Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI), could be a risky affair.
The local court in Kerala had issued production warrant against 26 accused including Nagori, Qayamuddin Kapadia and Sibli Abdul Karim for their appearance in connection with an alleged terror camp organized in the jungle of Waghamon.
These accused are said to have participated in the alleged camp held in 2007 where they received training for execution of bomb blasts.
The case is being investigated by National Investigation Agency (NIA). The local court has asked the NIA to file chargesheet on December 4.
The Ahmedabad Detection of Crime Branch (DCB) had moved an application before the special judge PB Desai saying that though taking so many accused in one go to Kerala is risky but if the court grants permission the transit can be arranged. The court, however, passed an order stating that the accused can’t be sent in such numbers since it poses security threat.

Watch video: How to make lacy bangles at homeGlue
Method
* Pick a bangle and apply glue on the outer surface of bangles. For better results, spread glue with the help of your hands.
* Now take a strand of lace and stick it on on the outer surface of bangle.
* Press the lace with your hands so that it’s glued to the bangle properly
* When the lace covers the diameter of the bangle, cut it with the help of a scissor and paste the other end with the help of glue.
Watch video

Germany bars Ranbaxy s antibiotic drug from MP plantRanbaxy's antibiotic drug from its Madhya Pradesh plant faces ban in Germany
Zeba Siddiqui     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 19:14 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Ranbaxy Laboratories, the home-grown drugmaker, has been barred from exporting the antibiotic Cephalosporin to Germany from its Madhya Pradesh plant for not complying with standard manufacturing practices.
After an inspection in June, Germany's drug regulator issued a 'non-compliance' report for the plant where Ranbaxy made the antibiotic, the European Medicines Agency said on its website in a notice dated November 26.
During the inspection, the German regulator found deficiencies related to operation of drug manufacturing rooms and procedures related to sterilisation of equipment at the Dewas site, the notice said.
The Dewas factory and Ranbaxy's other domestic manufacturing plants are also barred from exporting to the United States after the US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) found in inspections that those plants violated its standard manufacturing practices.
Punjab-based Ranbaxy, which has said it was working on resolving problems at its plants to get the regulatory bans lifted, did not respond to a request seeking comment on the observations made by the German regulator.
The domestic drug major gets over half of its revenue from the US. Germany accounted for 2 per cent of global sales in the 15-month period ended March 31, 2014, as per the company's filings. The latest German sales data, however, was not immediately available.
Ranbaxy is in the process of being acquired by larger rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries.
(Reuters)

Govt considers revising ONGC s subsidy-sharing structureGovt considers revising ONGC's subsidy-sharing structure
Nigam Prusty     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 18:16 IST
A technician opens a pressure gas valve inside the Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) group gathering station on the outskirts of Ahmedabad. (Photo: Reuters)
The government is considering reworking the subsidy-sharing formula for Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), in a bid to lower its discount burden and boost the state-owned oil firm 's profits, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said on Wednesday.
Pradhan, however, did not give details in his written statement while responding to a lawmaker's query.
ONGC , which is the country's largest oil and gas explorer and nearly 69 per cent owned by the government, has seen profits decline due to the sale of crude oil to state-owned refiners at discounted rates.
The government does not regulate prices of petrol and diesel any longer, but public sector companies are forced to discount prices of other common fuels such as kerosene and cooking gas to keep a lid on retail prices.
Any move to lessen its discount burden will be favoured by investors as the government plans to sell a 5 per cent stake , worth around $2.5 billion, in ONGC as part of its massive divestment programme.
ONGC shares ended 3 per cent higher at Rs 371.45 a piece on the Bombay Stock Exchange on Wednesday.
(Reuters)

Hit and run case: Salman s blood alcohol content found highBipasha Basu’s Topless And Steamy Love Moves In Katra Teaser
Bipasha Basu and Karan Singh Grover have created a stir, especially after the rumours of their love affairThe trailer of their film Alone, which recently released, has crossed over 3 million views on YouTube.Get ready for the wildest song of the season featuring Bipasha Basu and Karan Singh Grover from movie Alone.The makers of the horror-thriller have released the ‘Katra’ Song teaser, which has some hottest love making scenes starring Bipasha and Karan Singh Gorver. In the song, Bipasha is …
I would've been great for 'Bigg Boss' TRPs: Diandra Soares
Mumbai, Dec 15 (IANS) Model Diandra Soares created quite a stir inside "Bigg Boss 8" right till her eviction when it was reported that she was pregnant. And had her stint on the reality show continued, she says her "absolutely outrageous" avatar would have pushed up its ratings. …
Bigg Boss 8: Diandra Soares On Her Pregnancy Controversy
After a journey of thirteen dramatic weeks in Bigg Boss 8 house, Diandra’s journey came to an end as she received the lowest number of votes for the week. She was seen as a vibrant and entertaining contestant. She was popular for her changing hairstyles and leadership quality.The 35-year-old, who was considered to be one of the strongest contenders in the Bigg Boss 8 house, was voted out on Sunday. Diandra was low last week because of her poor health. In fact, she was also taken to a hospital …
Alia Bhatt, Fawad Khan, John Abraham, Gautam Gulati In Sushant Singh Rajput’s Dhoni Biopic?
After Sushant Singh Rajput, who is playing Indian cricketer MS Dhoni’s role in the biopic, he will be seen romancing Alia Bhatt.Alia Bhatt will essay the role of Sakshi Dhoni wife of Indian cricket team captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni.Salman Khan’s Bigg Boss Season 8 house : Click Here For Breaking Updates, PhotosIf the rumours are to be believed, the film will have a star studded Indian cricket team. ‘Khoobsurat‘ star Fawad Khan will play Virat Kohli in the film, while John Abraham will be seen …
Emma Watson Wows Farhan Akhtar On MARD
Farhan Akhtar truly appreciates the support of all celebrities who have been supporting his initiative MARD. He feels their support has helped in spreading the word and made the awareness higher.Infact, Emma Watson recently tweeted about Farhan’s efforts on MARD and standing up for gender equality.Salman Khan’s Bigg Boss Season 8 house : Click Here For Breaking Updates, PhotosShe was very intrigued by MARD and asked the UN team for more details and actually took to the social networking site to …

 Jaitley Hints at Cut in Central Grants to StatesYou are here: Home Economy
Jaitley Hints at Cut in Central Grants to States
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 03, 2014 22:33 (IST)
China December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
Srinagar: Ahead of next Union Budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday hinted at a cut in grants from the Centre to states, saying the states will have to stand on their own by generating resources for development and other schemes.
"Gone are the days when the Centre would provide money and the states would run the government. Today every state has to stand on its own," Mr Jaitley said during a public meeting here.
The Finance Minister said the economies of the states in the country depend on investments made by the investors, who, besides looking for profits, also create employment.
"How does the economy of a state work? Investments are required for it and investors want profit. Besides looking for profit, the investors create employment and pays taxes to the government. The state government gets money which it can use for development and make schemes for the poor people," he said.
Talking about Jammu and Kashmir, Mr Jaitley said the state has huge potential in tourism, water resources and handicrafts sectors which has not been fully tapped so far.
"Jammu and Kashmir has huge potential. Kashmir valley has huge potential in tourism of all kinds - be it sightseeing, religious tourism, adventure or historic places. The state has so much water and so much electricity can be generated that it can be sent to other state," he said.
The Union Minister, who professed to be an avid collector of Kashmiri handicrafts, said this sector alone can generate income for the state as well as employment for the artisans.
"I have travelled around the world and I have no hesitation to say that what Kashmiri artisans weave is best in the world," he said.
Mr Jaitley said the state has not been able to benefit from these resources.
"There are so many countries in the world where main source of economy is tourism," he said.
Mr Jaitley had earlier said that several more steps are required to create even more positive environment (for economy) not only by the central government but also by the state governments and several other institutions, which include the Opposition parties in Parliament.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 19:35 (IST)

Photos: The world s best new skyscrapers10. Nanfung Commercial, Hospitality and Exhibition Complex, Guangzhou, China Both buildings in this complex offer exhibition space on their lower floors. One of the buildings is topped by offices, the... more 
10. Nanfung Commercial, Hospitality and Exhibition Complex, Guangzhou, China Both buildings in this complex offer exhibition space on their lower floors. One of the buildings is topped by offices, the other by a 5-star hotel containing, among other facilities, the city’s largest ballroom with an area of nearly 5000 square metres. The fact that both complex buildings are separated 160 metres from each other by another building had to be kept in mind during the design. The buildings’ sliding floor plates serve as a unique design feature linking both buildings over the distance. less 
1 / 10

 RBI  Reasonably Comfortable  With Current Account DeficitChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India is "reasonably comfortable" with the current account deficit because of lower oil prices, Deputy Governor H R Khan said on Wednesday, after the country last week unexpectedly eased some rules on gold imports.
"We are reasonably comfortable from the current account point of view because of oil," Mr Khan told reporters in the sidelines of an event in Mumbai.
"So taking all that into account, a view has been taken that we'll give up this 80:20 (rule on gold imports)," he told reporters.
India on Friday scrapped a rule mandating traders to export 20 per cent of all gold imported into the country - in what had been known as the '80:20' rule.
The government will soon announce the current account deficit for the July-September quarter.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Govt relaxes FDI policy for real estate sectorGovt relaxes FDI policy for real estate sector
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 12:44 AM IST
The government on Wednesday eased foreign direct investment (FDI) norms for the construction development sector, which is expected to provide a substantial boost to the sector in terms of greater foreign capital inflows.
Notifying the decision taken by the Cabinet in November, the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP), the nodal agency for all FDI policy, said foreign developers would now be allowed to exit a project only after completion or after completing the basic trunk infrastructure such as roads, water supply, street lighting, drainage and sewage.
Earlier foreign developers were not allowed to take out the invested amount before three years from completion of minimum capitalisation. However, now the foreign firm can take its money out or transfer its stake to another non-resident company before completing the project on approval from the government.
“The relaxation of the lock-in period comes as a major relief for the industry. The new rules allow FDI in smaller projects, which is a big relief. Besides, by doing away with the lock-in period, the government has now made the norms much simpler,” said Akash Gupt, executive director at PwC. In a significant step, the government also allowed foreign investors to invest in completed project for "operation and management."
In other words, 100 per cent FDI under the automatic route can now come in projects that have been completed by way of townships, malls and shopping complexes, and business centres. This was not allowed earlier.
"The notification eases foreign investment rules in India's construction sector, which has been troubled by problems such as paucity of funds and regulatory bottlenecks, said Sachin Sandhir, global managing director, emerging business, and managing director, South Asia, RICS.
Projects in semi-urban and peripheral locations of Tier I cities or locations in Tier II and Tier III cities could also take off at this scale, as land prices in these regions and the total capital investment requirement were attractive, he said.
Besides, under the new policy, the DIPP has also reduced minimum area requirements. Unlike the previous policy, foreign real estate developers can now invest in construction development projects having a minimum floor area of 20,000 sq meter. Earlier the requirement was 50,000 sq meters of built-up area. Similarly, the capital requirement was decreased from $10 million to $5 million.
"This is an extremely positive step and virtually meets most of the demands made by the industry. Moreover, by permitting transfer of stakes between two non-resident companies the government has literally opened the floodgates for FDI in the real estate sector," said Punit Shah, co-head of tax at KPMG.
Between April 2000 and September 2014, the construction development sector received about $24 billion, constituting 10 per cent of the overall FDI into the country during the period. However, since 2012-13, FDI inflow into the sector has slowed drastically. In 2012-13, it fell to $1.3 billion from $3.1 billion the previous year. It again declined to $1.2 billion in 2013-14. During the first six months of this financial year, only $568 million has flowed into this sector.

Gauahar Khan speaks up on the slap controversyCelebrity
Gauahar Khan speaks up on the slap controversy
The actor was shooting the finale of the reality show ‘India’s Rawstar’ on Sunday, when the accused, indentified to be Akil Malik, 24 rushed onto the stage and slapped her. Though the actress pacified herself and continued the shoot, she later lodged the complaint and Malik, who was grabbed by the team was arrested.
Speaking out about the incident, Gauahar Khan in a press conference shared her side of the story. She said, “Why doesn’t a loser like him have the fear of the law before he decides to attack a ... more 
Speaking out about the incident, Gauahar Khan in a press conference shared her side of the story. She said, “Why doesn’t a loser like him have the fear of the law before he decides to attack a girl who is unarmed and unprepared and someone who is in a state to try and do her work to the best of her ability. This loser doesn’t represent my beautiful faith, which in itself means peace and submission. He apparently attacked me because I am an actress. He wanted to send out his warped message. I am using the same status to appeal all women to stand against such acts. less 
1 / 17

Meet Anil Kumar Sinha  the new CBI directorAnil Kumar Sinha assumes charge as new CBI director
ANI –  Wed 3 Dec, 2014
Print
New Delhi: Senior IPS officer Anil Kumar Sinha took charge as the new director of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) here on Wednesday.
Sinha, a 1979 batch IPS officer of Bihar cadre, succeeds Ranjit Sinha, a fellow Bihar cadre officer, who retired on Tuesday.
Taking charge as CBI director, Sinha said, "I accept the responsibility with deep humility."
Last evening a high-powered committee comprising Prime Minister Narendra Modi, leader of the Congress in Lok Sabha Mallikarjun Kharge and Chief Justice of India H L Dattu chose Sinha from a panel of aspirants to be the next CBI chief
Sinha was working in the CBI since May 15, 2013 as special director and was supervising investigations into several high profile cases.
Before joining CBI, he was posted as additional secretary in the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC).
Sinha holds a post-graduate degree in psychology and an M.Phil in strategic studies. He also attended the prestigious Kennedy School of Government in Harvard University.
He has held various senior positions in Bihar including ADG (law and order) and ADG (vigilance) before moving to the Centre. He was awarded the police medal for meritorious service in 2000 and the President's police medal for distinguished service in 2006.
This is the first time that the PM-led panel has selected the CBI director.
The composition of the selection panel, which was earlier headed by the central vigilance commissioner, was revised when Lokpal and Lokayuktas Act was passed earlier this year, amending provisions the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act.
Recently, both Houses of Parliament approved another amendment to DSPE Act to allow the leader of the single largest party in Lok Sabha to sit on the selection panel for CBI director, where no leader of opposition was recognized.
Recommend

Mitch McConnell s Wildest Dreams Are In The Hands Of House Tea PartiersStrange Bedfellows Are Blocking The McConnell-Obama Trade Deal
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has been dreaming about cutting major deals as Senate majority leader for most of his career. Next year, he'll finally get the chance to do it with the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the most ambitious free trade agreement since the Clinton era. The only thing standing in his way is his own political party.
President Barack Obama's administration has been negotiating the TPP since the beginning of his presidency. Twelve nations are now involved in the talks, which have major implications for the U.S. economy, public health and foreign policy. But Obama has faced two domestic obstacles to enacting his pact: Democrats in Congress, who worry it will exacerbate income inequality , and a bloc of House Republicans, who are up in arms about the deal's implications for executive power and national sovereignty.
The administration conducts the talks in secret, so the public only knows about terms of the deal through leaked documents . But opposition from conservative hardliners has intensified since GOP gains in the midterm elections, even as McConnell has pledged to cut a deal with Obama on TPP as one of his first orders of business next year.
"I think it's insane to give Obama some power to negotiate an important treaty in secret without any supervision, not have to account to Congress or the Senate," Phyllis Schlafly, a prominent social conservative best known for opposing the Equal Rights Amendment in the 1970s, told HuffPost last week. "It just blows my mind why Republicans would be willing to do that. We've been yapping for months about his executive actions and his executive amnesty and taking unconstitutional positions."
The internal GOP feud over what some conservative critics are calling " Obamatrade " is just the latest in a series of skirmishes between the party's corporate-friendly leadership and its populist base.
Prior to 2011, it was rare for a Republican Congress to block government perks for major corporations. But tea party-backed members have bucked the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, along with the lobbying group's top congressional supporters, McConnell and House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), almost as a matter of routine. They've killed immigration reform (a major Chamber priority), derided a repeal of the medical device tax as " crony capitalism ," called for the elimination of the Export-Import Bank , and are currently roiling efforts to extend corporate tax perks during the lame-duck session.
With the populist base in revolt, ambitious Republicans eyeing potential presidential runs are struggling to sort out their policy stances. The office of Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) told HuffPost that he generally supports free trade deals, but will have to see what's included in Obama's final TPP agreement.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) has taken every conceivable position on the trade pact. In October, he gave a speech calling for Obama to finalize the TPP by year-end. Back in January, he was scheduled to attend a press conference attacking "Obamatrade." In September 2011, he voted against an amendment offered by McConnell that would give Obama the power to push through the deal without any amendments from Congress. The next month, Paul introduced a new bill that included McConnell's entire amendment.
Paul told The Huffington Post on Tuesday that he supports the broader trade agreement but is undecided on a fast-track bill.
"I'm definitely for the trade pact," Paul said. "I haven't fully decided on [Trade Promotion Authority]."
The divide among the Washington GOP elite over trade policy is relatively new. But top Republicans have been aware of the anti-free trade base for decades. Populist attacks on foreign trade are a common theme for campaign ads from McConnell himself.
"Beshear's going international, gettin' rich off of foreign trade treaties, and sendin' jobs down to Mexico, takin' thousands of dollars from from them foreign agents and lobbyists," boomed a 1996 McConnell ad attacking his challenger, Steve Beshear, a Democrat who is now the governor of Kentucky. "Mitch McConnell pushed for a ban on foreign political money. He's been fightin' foreign trade abuses, protectin' jobs!"
McConnell made a similar pitch in May, with an ad boasting , "Mitch helped save hundreds of jobs when he fought against unfair foreign trade."
Words like "unfair," of course, give McConnell wiggle room to claim he's technically telling the truth. But the ads clearly play to working-class anxieties over trade policy that has been prevalent since President Bill Clinton signed the North American Free Trade Agreement in 1993 . And while McConnell now has six years of padding after his 16-point trouncing of Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes on Nov. 4, other Republicans weighing primaries in deep-red districts or at the presidential level face a more complicated political calculus, balancing a populist base with well-funded GOP allies in the Chamber.
Obama's TPP is modeled on NAFTA, and like NAFTA, it almost certainly cannot pass without a policy called "fast-track" or "Trade Promotion Authority," which strips Congress of the ability to amend or filibuster the legislation. The expanded presidential power first passed under Richard Nixon and was approved as a matter of course until the 1990s. Votes since have been politically contentious, failing in 1998 under Clinton, and squeaking by in 2002 under George W. Bush by a single vote. Fast-track authority expired with the passage of three trade pacts in 2011.
Fast-track "is a very necessary predecessor to TPP, because you aren’t going to get these 12 countries to sign the TPP until they know the Senate and the House of Representatives can’t change it," Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) told HuffPost. "They’re not going to negotiate the agreement twice."
But for conservative hardliners, transferring power from a Republican Congress to Obama is a big no-no.
"Why does anyone trust Barack Obama?" said Judson Phillips, founder of Tea Party Nation, who has defended restricted voting rights to real estate owners . "Either he's incompetent, or he wants to negotiate trade deals that are bad for average Americans."
Fast-track and NAFTA-style deals have limited Democratic support in Congress, amid strong opposition from labor unions, public health experts , Internet freedom advocates and other liberal groups. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) has not brought a fast-track bill to the floor all year, and announced no plans to do so at a recent press conference.
"I'm not a big fan of fast-tracking," Reid told reporters on Capitol Hill this month. "I think that trade agreements in the past have not been good for American workers."
Even some moderate Republicans have expressed reservations over fast-track legislation. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) told The Huffington Post he would not support a fast-track deal without language declaring currency manipulation an unfair trade practice.
But the House is a bigger problem for TPP supporters. Boehner didn't put a fast-track bill on the floor this year, saying he needed at least 50 firm Democratic yeas to pass it. In the new Congress, he'll have an expanded majority. But with tea party elements organizing against it, more Republicans may not do the trick.
Passing TPP will likely require a fast-track bill setting conditions for any final pact Obama negotiates. Since Boehner will need Democratic votes, he and McConnell will have to cut a deal with Obama that includes enough progressive priorities to bring at least some House Democrats on board without alienating House conservatives.
"I don't know exactly what the Republicans are going to put out, but I assume it's going to be something similar to old-fashioned [fast-tracking], where there’s nothing about about human rights, not very much about environment or worker safety or currency or trade enforcement, and that needs to be part of this before we move forward on TPP," Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) told HuffPost. "It's not an automatic thing just because Republicans want to have it."
So far, the most influential tea party groups, the Club for Growth and Heritage Action, have stayed out of the fray. Both organizations broadly support free trade, but revile the types of concessions Democrats will demand. In 2011, Republicans nearly killed Obama trade pacts with South Korea, Colombia and Panama by demanding to eliminate a program called "Trade Adjustment Assistance," which provides federal aid to U.S. workers who lose their jobs due to expanded foreign trade.
And Trade Adjustment Assistance, which expires at year-end, may again be a battleground come January. Heritage Action has called it a "leftist" program that has "soaked" taxpayers to benefit unions. Even the nine Democrats who signed a letter last year supporting fast-track called Trade Adjustment Assistance "critical" and "a vital program to ensure that no American worker is left behind in the global marketplace."
GOP leadership can't offer many carrots to placate the conservative groups that already oppose fast-track, since those organizations think the policy is fundamentally unconstitutional, citing Article I, Section 8, which grants Congress the power " to regulate commerce with foreign nations ."
"It's extra-constitutional power," said Phillips. "The founding fathers were lot brighter than these guys."
Also on HuffPost:

Sahara may sell Rs 1 200 cr land to M3MSahara Group may sell Rs 1,200 cr land to realty firm M3M: Report
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 08:39 IST
Sahara Group Chief  Subrata Roy
Sahara Group is believed to be selling a large land parcel for over Rs 1,200 crore in the outskirts of the national capital to Gurgaon-based realty firm M3M India Ltd.
M3M, which is scheduled to "announce one of the biggest acquisition in the real estate industry in recent history" on Thursday, was tight-lipped about the deal.
Sources, however, said that it may be acquiring Sahara 's land at Chauma in Gurgaon and the deal size could be over Rs 1,200 crore.
There was no official confirmation of the deal from either of the parties.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday permitted the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrato Roy.
The court allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune, Chauma in Gurgaon and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4 order.
The apex court bench was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai and following which, it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to the Securities and Exchange Board of India's counsel.
Out of the list of nine domestic properties, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crore which has gone into the account of Sebi.
Mr Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year for non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail. Of which, Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and the remaining amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which earlier had raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with Sebi, has told the court that out of nine domestic assets it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crore which has also gone into account of the market regulator.

Nikkei Hits Near 7-1/2-Year HighOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Tokyo: Japanese stocks jumped to a near 7-1/2-year high on Thursday as a weak yen drove exporter shares, while the mood was also supported by data showing US economic resilience and expectations of more stimulus from the European Central Bank.
The Nikkei benchmark rose 0.8 per cent to 17,856.89 by 0124 GMT after earlier hitting 17,912.59, the highest mark since July 2007. The index is on course for a fifth straight day of gains.
The broader Topix also scaled a six-year peak, adding 0.8 per cent to 1,441.33, with toymaker Tomy jumping 10.0 per cent to its highest since 2011 after announcing a 6.7 billion yen ($55.9 million)share buyback.
With the yen hitting a seven-year trough of 119.88 against the dollar, market participants said the weakening currency's potential to raise exporters' earnings buoyed their stock prices.
Toyota Motor Co jumped 1.0 per cent and Honda Motor Co Ltd gained 1.7 per cent.
Also boosting exporter stocks was data from the US, a major market for Japanese manufacturers. The data showed private firms adding jobs at a brisk clip in November, pointing to resilience in the world's largest economy in the face of a weak global outlook.
Investors also were looking toward the European Central Bank's policy meeting and upcoming Japanese election as potential market catalysts.
"There's activity in anticipation of extremely promising conditions being born," said Hiroyuki Nakai, chief strategist at Tokai Tokyu Research Center Co.
The ECB is seen as considering a programme of sovereign bond buying to revive the eurozone's flagging economy. The ECB meets on Thursday.
Separately, a poll pointed to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's coalition scoring a handsome win at the Dec. 14 general election, suggesting a fresh mandate for his 'Abenomics' plan for reviving the Japanese economy.
Large-cap firm Fanuc Corp added 2.5 per cent, while other market heavyweights Softbank Corp and Uniqlo clothes brand owner Fast Retailing were flat and down 0.2 per cent, respectively.
The JPX-Nikkei Index 400 added 0.7 per cent to 13,080.56
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nasa counts down to human travel to Mars with Orion set for liftoffNasa counts down to human travel to Mars as Orion gets ready for liftoff
AFP
Cape Canaveral, Florida, December 04, 2014
First Published: 08:01 IST(4/12/2014)
print
The Orion spacecraft, designed to carry humans farther in deep space than ever before, is poised to blast off on Thursday in what Nasa hailed as a first step in mankind's journey to Mars.
No astronauts will be on board the capsule when it launches aboard the United States' largest rocket, the Delta IV Heavy made by United Launch Alliance, but engineers will be keenly watching to see how it performs during the four-and-a-half hour flight.
The launch marks the first of a US spacecraft meant to carry people into deep space since the Apollo missions that brought men to the Moon in the 1960s and 1970s.
With no American vehicle to send humans to space since the space shuttle was retired in 2011, some at Nasa said the Orion launch has re-energized the US space program, long constrained by government belt-tightening and forced to rely on costly rides aboard Russian Soyuz spacecraft to reach the International Space Station in low-Earth orbit.
"We haven't had this feeling in awhile, since the end of the shuttle program, (of) launching an American spacecraft from America's soil and beginning something new," said Mike Sarafin, lead flight director at Nasa's Johnson Space Center in Houston.
"While the feeling is familiar and the anticipation of flight is familiar, it is a new mission and there some things that I am sure we are going to learn from this unmanned flight test that will enable us to fly humans into deep space."
Potential future missions for Orion, which is designed to fit four people at a time, include a trip to lasso an asteroid and a journey to Mars by the 2030s.
"Thursday is the beginning of that journey, testing key systems - the riskiest systems I would say for Orion - before we have any people on board," said Mark Geyer, program manager for Orion.
"This is the beginning of exploration," he added.
Launch from Cape Canaveral
The launch at 7:05 am (1205 GMT) from Cape Canaveral, Florida, aims to propel 1.63 million pounds (739,000 kilograms) of spacecraft, rocket and fuel straight to space, where the capsule will make two laps around the Earth before splashing down in the Pacific Ocean.
The first orbit will be about as high as the International Space Station (ISS), which circles at an altitude of about 270 miles (430 kilometres), but the second will soar 15 times higher, to an apogee of 3,600 miles (5,800 kilometres) above the Earth.
The chief contractor of the Orion capsule is Lockheed Martin. The spacecraft was first designed to take humans to the Moon as part of Nasa's Constellation program, which was cancelled by President Barack Obama in 2010, in favour or seeking new destinations in deep space.
The goal is both nebulous and costly, and Nasa has already spent billions of dollars on Orion and the powerful rocket meant to propel it with crew on board, the Space Launch System (SLS).
The first Orion test flight with people on board is scheduled for 2021, but with costs projected to reach $19-22 billion, space analyst Marco Caceres of the Teal Group in Virginia said it could be longer.
"Assuming Congress or one of the next two presidents do not cancel SLS because of its inevitably ballooning costs, it's more likely that the first SLS/Orion manned mission will occur closer to the middle part of the next decade," Caceres said.
Safety first
As Nasa looks beyond the Moon, safety for human explorers is another key problem that has yet to be solved.
"Radiation is one of the biggest challenges for us," Nasa administrator Charles Bolden told an audience of Nasa enthusiasts gathered at Kennedy Space Center for a social media event.
The primary objective of Thursday's test, according to Geyer, is to see how the heat shield performs as it reaches temperatures of 4,000 degrees Fahrenheit (2,200 Celsius) on its high-speed plunge back to Earth at a velocity of 20,000 miles (32,000 kilometres) per hour.
"A part of me hopes that everything is perfect. We land, have high-fives and everybody has a great time," Geyer told reporters.
But he added that the test is designed to find things that go wrong before precious lives are on board.
"We want to discover things that are beyond our modelling capability and beyond our expertise so we can learn it and fix it before we put people on board."
Weather for Thursday's launch was expected to be 70% favourable, with some risk of winds and rain, but Nasa said the two hour, 39-minute launch window gives the team plenty of flexibility to accomplish the launch during the daylight hours.

Other side of story: Witnesses claim Rohtak sisters were not molested in busRohtak sisters were not molested in bus, claim fresh witnesses
Sat Singh , Hindustan Times  Rohtak, December 03, 2014
First Published: 20:37 IST(3/12/2014) | Last Updated: 14:49 IST(4/12/2014)
Two fresh witnesses have come forward with accounts that could scuttle the sexual harassment charges lodged by two Haryana sisters against three youths.
 
They submitted their affidavits on Wednesday to police in support of the three youths - Kuldeep, Deepak and Mohit - accused of sexually harassing the sisters aboard Haryana Roadway bus on November 28.
 
Five others, some of them claiming to be the passengers on the Haryana Roadway bus in which the incident occurred, also shared their affidavits with reporters and stressed that the men have been wronged.
 
Fracas over seats
TV grab of an eve-teaser getting beaten up by two sisters in a bus in Rohtak, Haryana. (PTI Photo)
In her affidavit, Bimla, a resident of Sonepat district, said, she was waiting for bus at Rohtak bus stand. As soon as the bus reached the counter, she asked two of the boys to get seats for her and another woman who was unwell. When the boys requested the two girls - Aarti and Pooja - to vacate the seat allotted for the ailing woman, they refused and went ballistic. They later belted the boys after heated exchange of words. Another girl accompanying them captured the incident on mobile camera. To save themselves, the two boys jumped off the bus, said Bimla in her affidavit.
Three women passengers from Thanakhurd village, the native place of the sisters, have also given similar statements to the police.
 
Eyewitness account of over month-old video
Two witnesses have also given statements in connection with a month-old video showing the sisters beating up a boy in a Rohtak park .
According to Virender Dhankar and Yogeshwer, residents of Baketa village in Rohtak, they were present at the Huda City Park in Rohtak when the incident happened. The girls abused and tore off a boy’s clothes after he asked them why they were wasting their time in the park instead of attending college. Another girl accompanying them videographed it, he told the police.
 
However, now it seems the job of holding up the girls’ accusation rests entirely on the statements given by the conductor and the bus driver.
According to Labh Singh, the conductor of the Haryana Roadway bus on which the incident occurred: “These girls and boys were arguing over some issue. I asked the girls if they wanted the driver to take the bus to the nearest police station. They refused. After the boys misbehaved with them, they beat them up. I have recorded my statement before police, but I was suspended.”
 
Rohtak superintendent of police Shashank Anand said, “We are trying to finalise the chargesheet. We have recorded the statements of the driver and conductor, who have given statements in support of registration of FIR. We have come to know from media reports that some bus passengers have come forward with affidavits. We will record their statements as per the procedure,” he said.

Ancient India conducted nuclear tests  claims ex-CM PokhriyalA sage in India conducted a nuclear test centuries ago, Uttarakhand's former chief minister Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank has said in Parliament, adding a fresh chapter to a narrative that draws upon faith system.
File photo of Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank. (AFP Photo)
Officially, the world acknowledges India has conducted two sets of nuclear tests - 1974 and 1998. What's more, India spent a long time in nuclear wilderness on account of these tests.
Going by Nishank, the world need not have bothered.
"Today we are talking about nuclear tests. Lakhs of years ago, Sage Kanad had conducted a nuclear test. Our knowledge and science do not lack anything," the Indian Express quoted him as saying in Parliament on Wednesday.
Sage Kanad is believed to have lived around the 2nd century BC.
Nishank, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP from Haridwar, also seconded Prime Minister Narendra Modi's citing of plastic surgery and genetic science with reference to Lord Ganesha getting an elephant trunk and birth of Karna.
"People are raising questions on Modiji's comments on Ganesha's surgery. It was actually a surgery. The science available to us is not available elsewhere in the world… science or knowledge to transplant a severed head existed only in India."
Nishank also batted for astrology, saying it is the topmost science in the world. He said our ancient astrologers dwarfed all other sciences.
The Haridwar MP's comments triggered a protest from Left members even as he said there should be a "proper discussion on it and it should get the respect it deserves".
Nishank's comments are in line with a series of assertions doing the rounds of late; the most notable being from retired school headmaster Dinanath Batra who got American academic Wendy Doniger's book on Hinduism pulped on the grounds that it insulted Hindus.
Batra has written books as well. Earlier this year, the Gujarat government mandated some of them as supplementary reading for its primary and secondary students.
From preaching about ancient India's gurukul style of learning, redrawing the Indian map to include other countries to interpreting history through stories about rishi-munis (sages and seers), dev-daanav (deities and demons) and "heroes" of pre-Independence India, these books try to conform to "Bharatiya sanskriti" (Indian culture).

Australian shares end higherTweet
Sydney, Dec 4:  
Australian shares ended up 0.9 per cent on Thursday led by broad-based gains sparked by data showing better-than-expected trade balance and retail sales at home.
The S&P/ASX 200 index rose about 47 points at the close of trade, also supported by signs of resilience in the US economy. The benchmark ended 0.8 per cent higher on Wednesday.
New Zealand’s benchmark NZX 50 index ended up 0.36 per cent or 19.6 points to finish the session at 5,522.7.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Pharma shares Lupin  Cipla among top gainers on NSESesa Sterlite spikes up 2.7% on NSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 4:  
ITC kept its firm undertone to stay ahead of the pack on the NSE near the close of trading on Thursday. At 3.30 pm it was quoting at Rs 383.15. This represented a gain of 5.48 per cent on its overnight close at Rs 363.25.
Sesa Sterlite traded firm, building on its morning gains to quote at Rs 237.15. This represented a gain of 2.73 per cent on its previous close at Rs 230.85.
BPCL rallied further to build gains of 2.21 per cent at Rs 726.55 as against Rs 710.85 at close yesterday.
Cipla edged up to hold gains of 1.39 per cent in late trading. The share was quoting at Rs 659.25 as against Rs 650.20 overnight.
NMDC resumed its recent firm trend on the markets, gaining 1.19 per cent to trade at Rs 139.80. The share had closed the previous session at Rs 138.15.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related
Markets Live: Sensex jumps 120 points on FII inflows
TOPICS

Maharashtra ministry expansion tomorrowTweet
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
The 34-day-old Devendra Fadnavis-led ministry in Maharashtra will be expanded tomorrow, amid indications of a “patch up” with former ally Shiv Sena.
The ceremony will be held at Vidhan Bhawan premises at 4 p.m., an official said.
Fadnavis had met BJP president Amit Shah in New Delhi on Tuesday and is believed to have got the nod for BJP probables in the expansion exercise.
Meanwhile, there is no clarity yet on the number of ministers to be inducted from Sena, with the figure varying from 7 to 12.
Presently there are eight cabinet and two ministers of state in the Fadnavis ministry sworn in on October 31.
However, a senior Sena leader told PTI today that the party will insist on one more minister to be inducted in Modi cabinet, besides Anant Gite.
“Our claim at the Centre remains. We hope something will emerge,” the leader said.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Sensex down over 300 points from day s high; HDFC  Infosys dragSensex down over 300 points from day's high; HDFC, Infosys drag
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 11:25 AM IST
Benchmark indices which had earlier hit fresh record highs pared most of the gains in late morning trades with the Nifty slipping into negative terrain dragged by Infosys and HDFC.
 
Earlier, the Sensex touched the life-time high level of 28,822.37 and Nifty reached all-time high mark of 8,626.95.
 
 At 11:25AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 44 points at 28,487 and the 50-share Nifty was flat at 8,437.
 
In the broader market, BSE midcap index has underperformed with a gain 0.1% and smallcap index has outperformed with a gain of 0.4% their larger peers.  Market breadth in BSE is positive with 1,245 advances against 1,097 declines.
 
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 391.07 crore on Wednesday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
 
 Buzzing Stocks
BSE FMCG index has gained more than 2% in a subdued market.  BSE Oil & Gas and Healthcare indices have posted marginal gains of 0.1% each.
 
BSE Consumer Durables index, down 0.8% followed by BSE Power index, down 0.4%. have lost the most.
 
ITC has emerged as the top gainer with an advance of more than 4% on reports that the government is likely to put on hold its earlier Health Ministry proposal to ban the sale of loose cigarettes.
 
Cipla has gained around 2.5%. Cipla and Meda pharmaceuticals have sued Apotex, the largest Canadian owned pharmaceutical company, to enforce the Orange-Book listed patents covering Dymista (azelastine HCl/fluticasone propionate) Nasal Spray.
 
Sun Pharma has lost around 0.5%. Ranbaxy which is in the process of being acquired by Sun Pharma came under pressure after Germany barred the export of a particular antibiotic from its Madhya Pradesh facility.
 
ONGC has gained over 1%. Oil Minister, Dharmendra Pradhan speaking on the side-lines of an industry event ruled out the possibility of exempting ONGC from subsidy pay-outs. Earlier, the minister had informed the Rajya Sabha about government’s plans to rework the subsidy sharing formula for ONGC.
 
ICICI has gained around 0.8%.Earlier, the stock touched fresh record high of Rs 366 on BSE after the stock turned ex-stock split today. The private sector lender had subdivided the face value of its equity shares to Rs 2 from Rs 10.
HDFC Bank has gained around 0.5%. Meanwhile, HDFC Bank has become the first bank to rule out a joint venture partnership with any applicant for a payment bank.
 
“We will not do a joint venture for a payment bank. We are a full bank ourselves and so we don’t need to form an alliance,” said Aditya Puri, MD, HDFC Bank.
 
BHEL has lost 0.8% on profit-booking. Yesterday, the stock had surged on successful commissioning of India's first phase shifting transformer by BHEL.
 

Patil: Traders cannot convert leasehold land intofreeholdWritten by Khushboo Sandhu | Chandigarh |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:16 pm
Rejecting the demand of industrialists and traders in the city for allowing conversion of leasehold property into freehold, Punjab Governor and UT Administrator Shivraj V Patil said that this could not be allowed, as it would give them ownership of land ‘for peanuts’, when the cost of the property is very high.
In an exclusive interview, Patil said, “We have received a letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs directing us not to give property to anybody at a cost lower than the price which the property can fetch in the open market. This is exactly what the Supreme Court and high courts have said in other cases.”
He added that if the land has to be sold, it would be done at a market price by floating tenders. “We have been saying that we will not throw you out of this land. You can continue as leaseholders. However, if you want to have it as owner of the property, we will not give it to you. That means at the cost of rent that has been given by you in the last 30 years, you cannot have that property,” he said.
Patil added, “They say the Administrator is not allowing leasehold property to be given as freehold. Why should we give? If it is given, cases are filed against politicians and other ministers, the same way cases will be filed against officers working here also.”
Patil was of the view that the administration could give land on lease for 30 years or 60 years or 100 years. “However, if after converting to freehold the industrialists and traders want to sell the land, why should the Administration allow this?” He said that the same piece of land should rather be given to a young man who wants to set up an industry.
Reacting sharply to the view of the Administrator, industrialists and traders alleged that the policies of the administration were anti-industry and trade. Vinod Mittal, chairman of the Chamber of Chandigarh Industries, said, “We have been instrumental in development of the city. However, now the administration is stating that for setting up new industry we should move to the neighbouring towns. Incentives need to be given to the existing industry.”
He added that all over the country, conversion of leasehold property to freehold had been allowed. “However, it seems we are not citizens of India. The industrialists are not being able to raise capital as the property cannot be mortgaged,” Mittal said, adding that the Administrator should call a meeting of stakeholders and hear their views.
Arun Mahajan, president of the Industries Association of Chandigarh, said that Chandigarh was a planned, living city with a designated industrial area spread over 1,500 acres. To wish away industry to Panchkula and Mohali was nothing but playing with the character of the city, he said.
We have received a letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs directing us not to give property to anybody at a cost lower than the price which the property can fetch in the open market: Shivraj V Patil, UT Administrator

I was a professional gambler: TildaSwintonBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:14 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 12:19 pm
Actress Tilda Swinton says she used to be a professional gambler and used to win a lot of money betting on horses.
The 54-year-old ‘Grand Budapest Hotel’ star says she made a lot of money from betting on horses before she found fame, reported Contactmusic.
“When I lived in London, there were a couple of years when I didn’t really earn money doing anything else. I mean, I did other things, like I made work, and I was working with Derek Jarman at the time, but the way I made money was putting money on horses,” Swinton said.
“My grandfather had an old gardener called Bert Matheson, and he taught me how to pick winners, and it kind of works! It’s very strange. I mean, it doesn’t always work, of course. It’s got something to do with the form, and there’s a certain amount of knowledge about particular horses, but it really is not that. It’s to do with, um, just looking at the horses in the ring and asking whether they’re gonna win or not!
Basically, I mean,” she added.

Prashant Nairs Umrika goes to Sundance filmfestBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:04 pm
Independent filmmaker Prashant Nair’s ‘Umrika’ has been officially selected in the World Cinema Dramatic Competition section of the 2015 Sundance Film Festival, which will take place Jan 22-Feb 1, 2015.
The festival unveiled list of movies in the US and World Cinema Competition slates Thursday.
‘Umrika’, which features ‘Life of Pi’ fame Suraj Sharma, is about a young village boy who discovers that his brother, long believed to be in the US, has actually gone missing. He begins to invent letters on his behalf to save their mother from heartbreak, all the while searching for him.
‘Umrika’ is jointly produced by Manish Mundra (‘Ankhon Dekhi’) and Swati Shetty.
This is Nair’s second feature film after the critically acclaimed ‘Delhi in a Day’.

PM Modi makes statement on Sadhvis remark to pacify Oppn  says accept her apology and let the HouserunWritten by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:00 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 9:32 am
With the Opposition disrupting proceedings in the Upper House for the third consecutive day over Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’ s Ramzaadon-versus-haramzaadon remark, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday told Rajya Sabha he “strongly disapproved” her comments. He asked members to accept her apology and let the House function but the Opposition seemed to be in no mood to relent.
Making a statement in the House, his first public remarks since the row, Modi pointed out that Jyoti was new to Parliament. He even made a reference to her “background”.
“The statement that has led to a controversy, you all  know that when this came to my notice, I raised the issue at a meeting of our party MPs and strongly disapproved use of this kind of language. I also said we should avoid such things,” he said.
“Mantriji, jo ki nayi hain, sadan mein pehli baar aaye hain, unke background se bhi hum sab bhali bhanti parichit hain… unhone kshama maangi (The minister, who is new and has come to Parliament for the first time, and whose background is also well-known to all of you, has apologised)… I believe that after her apology… and this House has so many senior members with so much experience, we all know their view on an apology,” Modi said.
“I appeal to the House that when the minister has apologised… this is a message to all of us that in future we must follow the dos and don’ts and not cross limits of dignity. I appeal to the House that in the interest of the country, we should move on with our work,” he said.
Jyoti triggered a row last Monday when she told a BJP rally in Delhi: “Aap ko tay karna hai ki Dilli mein sarkar Ramzaadon ki banegi ya haramzaadon ki. Yeh aapka faisla hai (You must decide whether you want a government in Delhi of those born of Ram or of those born illegitimately).”
But Modi’s statement in the House failed to break the deadlock. The Opposition refused to relent on the demand for Jyoti’s dismissal. Congress’s Anand Sharma, CPM’s Sitaram Yechury and JD(U)’s Sharad Yadav sought clarifications from the Prime Minister, but these were disallowed. This led to protests and repeated adjournments. The Rajya Sabha was finally adjourned for the day at 2.40 pm.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who is also Leader of the House, said since the Prime Minister had made a statement, as demanded by the Opposition, the House should be allowed to function.
Yechury said the minister had not apologised and had merely expressed regret. “Assuming that she has apologised, then you apologise only when you have committed some crime,” he said, demanding action against continued…

Fadnavis gets cracking on promises: Single-window  project approval in 3 daysDevendra Fadnavis
(Fadnavis assured industrialists…)
MUMBAI: Within a month of taking over as Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Devendra Fadnavis has ordered bureaucrats to cut red tape and ensure faster approvals for new industrial projects. Taking cue from CM's guidelines, the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation has decided to relax most conditions for investors seeking to launch a new project. Now the total number of permissions required for new projects has been brought down to five from 14. CM has also ordered that renewal of factory licences should happen in three days or else it would be considered as deemed renewal.
Just a week ago, the CM held a meeting with business leaders who already have large manufacturing projects in the state. He assured industrialists that he was looking into ways to cut down required permissions to start a new venture in the state from 76 to a minimum level.
Fadnavis had also assured the industrialists that a single-window system for project clearance will be introduced soon. MIDC has now come out with a scheme of making just five clearances mandatory and other conditions have been relaxed. "Taking up the challenge of increasing ease of business and working within one week after directions from CM, the MIDC has reduced total number of permissions from 14 to five for commissioning factories in their zones. The required permissions will be land allotment, mortgage, building plan approval, fire NOC and building completion certificate," said Praveensingh Pardeshi, principal secretary in CM's office.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sadbhav Engg surges 7% as arm files for IPO | ITC up 6% as ban on loose sticks put offSadbhav Engineering surges over 7% as arm files for IPO
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 05.53PM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(At 10:15 a.m.; the stock…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Sadbhav Engineering surged in trade after its subsidiary Sadbhav Infrastructure Project filed papers for initial public offering.
The stock gained 7.5 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 284.75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
The stock, however, pared initial gains to close the day at Rs 267.35; up 0.94 per cent.
"Sadbhav Infrastructure Project Limited, a subsidiary of Sadbhav Engineering Limited , has filed its draft red herring prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI ) on December 03, 2014 in order to undertake an initial public offering of its equity shares," the company said in a filing to the stock exchanges.
The Issue consists of a fresh issue of equity shares of Rs 10 each aggregating up to Rs 600 crore and an offer for sale of up to 16,178,811 equity shares by Xander Investment Holding XVII and up to 16,178,811 equity shares by Norwest Venture Partners VII-A-Mauritius.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Arun Jaitley for more global cooperation to check tax evasion  smugglingNew Delhi, December 4, 2014
Updated: December 4, 2014 11:57 IST
Jaitley for more global cooperation to check tax evasion, smuggling
PTI
Tweet
PTI
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday stressed that effective steps to curb tax evasion and avoidance are necessary to ensure that “free trade remains fair trade”. File photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Calling upon revenue intelligence agencies to enhance cooperation with their global counterparts to check tax evasion and smuggling, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said free trade should also mean fair trade.
Although the fiscal incentives for financial malpractices have come down over the years, the Minister said revenue intelligence officials must increase global cooperation to “check tax evasion and smuggling”.
While inaugurating the 2nd Regional Customs Enforcement conference in New Delhi, the Minister stressed that effective steps to curb tax evasion and avoidance are necessary to ensure that “free trade remains fair trade”.
Mr. Jaitley also called upon revenue intelligence officials to increase the use of technology and develop the ability to read between the lines to check financial malpractices.
The dynamics of revenue intelligence would continue to evolve with changing times, he said, adding “world is obliterating the distinction between tax evasion and tax avoidance”.
He said there was a time when the incentive for tax evasion and smuggling was high. However, with the decline in tax rates, tariffs and duties, the “incentive for (financial malpractices) is going down”.
India has been vociferously raising the issues concerning tax evasion and avoidance at several international meetings, especially at the G-20 deliberations.

Sell gold copper: Angel CommoditiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sell gold & copper: Angel Commodities
Watch the interview of Naveen Mathur, Associate Director-Commodities & Currencies at Angel Commodities with Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18. He spoke about the current trend in commodities markets.
Post your opinion here

See 10-year bond yield at 7.75-7.8% by Budget: NomuraLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See 10-year bond yield at 7.75-7.8% by Budget: Nomura
Vivek Rajpal Executive Director, Asia Interest Rates Strategist, Nomura expects bond yields to rally from the current levels.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Vivek Rajpal Executive Director, Asia Interest Rates Strategist, Nomura shared his views on the bond market post the Reserve Bank of India monetary policy.
He expects bond yields to rally from the current levels. He adds that one needs to look at the broad inflation trajectory. 
According to him, 10-year bond yield will hit 7.75-7.8 percent by Budget.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Vivek Rajpal's interview with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: We have seen quite a bit of drop in bond yield, sub-8 percent now. What is your sense; from hereon can we see a move towards 7.5 or so over the next three-four months?
A: Yes, as the rate cut cycle begins in the early 2015, we will see bond markets rallying further that is bond yields falling from the current levels, in fact I wouldn’t be surprised to see 10-year bond yield around 7.75-7.80 levels just ahead of Budget. We expect 7.50 on 10-year bond yield by mid-2015.
Ekta: When is the rate cut likely. Would that have factored in a rate cut which could possibly be pre Budget or not?
A: First of all we need to understand that market always lead the delivery of a rate cut and with Governor specifically mentioned fiscal deficit or the fiscal consolidation as one of the pre conditions before it delivers rate cut which is something expected in the Budget. I would expect bond market to price in full rate cut which I believe 7.75-7.80 kind of levels will mean that one rate cut is in the price. So I would expect 7.75-7.80 kind of bond yield level on 10-year just before the Budget. At that level I would say one rate cut is in the price.
Ekta: Wanted your sense in terms of what is the next big data cue that we need to watch out for from a bond market perspective. A lot of traders have been taking about the December CPI data. Would that be the most important or would it be the fiscal management?
A: Data is always important. As far as inflation is concerned rather than looking at a single data point one should look at a broad inflation trajectory and as far as inflation trajectory is concerned it is looking fine in the sense that definitely we have seen significant downward surprises over the last few months which is actually already getting reflected in RBI’s statement. From here on two things to watch, one should keep an eye on inflation and our hope is that the disinflation trend will continue. The second thing which is critical to watch as you mentioned earlier is any data on the fiscal front because now the sensitivity of monetary policy to fiscal is high and given that it is one on the preconditions, it is something to watch.
Other than fiscal and inflation I would think oil prices are also very critical to watch because a lower oil means a lot of benefits to India both in the form of inflation as well as fiscal. So that is another market variable that one should watch along with the economic variable.
Ekta: What is the near term range for the yields and the timeframe also that you might be looking at?
A: I wouldn’t expect 10 year bond yield to breach 8 percent on the higher side for a meaningful period of time. At the same point of time I would expect 10 year bond yield to reach 7.80 level ahead of the budget so it will be a gradual correction from the current levels.
Ekta: But a little more of a near term view that you might have possibly up to January?
A: 7.85 to 8 percent kind of range in the near term.
RELATED NEWS

Markets retreat from days high; HDFC  Infiosys dragHi Guest
Sensex snaps 3-day losing streak, jumps 120 points
The benchmark Sensex snapped a three-day losing streak and the Nifty ended firm after hitting a fresh record high led by index heavyweight ITC on reports that the government has deferred its earlier proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes. The 30-share Sensex ended up 120 points at 28,563 and the 50-share Nifty closed 27 points higher at 8,564 after hitting a record high of 8,626.95. In the broader market, BSE midcap and Smallcap indices ended up 0.3% each. Further, foreign institutional ...

Sanghvi Forging hits 52-week highsanghvi forging hits 52-week high
Indusind Bank allots 88 462 shares under ESOSindusind bank allots 88 462 shares under esos
Sensex Turns Flat After Hitting Record High; HDFC WeighsSensex Turns Flat After Hitting Record High; HDFC Weighs
Protesters block New York streets after officer cleared in chokehold deathProtesters block New York streets after officer cleared in chokehold death
NBCC stock soars on inking of agreement with AirIndiaNBCC stock soars on inking of agreement with AirIndia
Cigarette makers in demandCigarette makers in demand
India Ranked Less Corrupt than China after 18 YearsIndia Ranked Less Corrupt than China after 18 Years
Intel to invest $1.6 billion in China factoryIntel to invest $1.6 billion in China factory
Buy Hexaware Technologies  says Manoj MurlidharanDec 04, 2014, 12.21 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Buy Hexaware Technologies, says Manoj Murlidharan
Manoj Murlidharan of Religare Securities is of the view that one may buy Hexaware Technologies.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Hexaware Technologies, says Manoj Murlidharan
Manoj Murlidharan of Religare Securities is of the view that one may buy Hexaware Technologies.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Manoj Murlidharan of Religare Securities told CNBC-TV18, "We like  Hexaware and IT as a sector as well. We have seen good rational base delivery which has happened and that is on a cumulative basis. So, trade here is to buy that at Rs 220 the stoploss should be Rs 210 and at least a short-term target of Rs 234 is what we are seeing."
He further added, “ Glenmark Pharma in last precisely around 18-19 odd session we have seen a good VWAP based buying because the monthly weighted average price is where we have seen this cash based delivery accumulate. So, that is a good trend so we are expecting a good move but at least for the short-term you buy the futures somewhere close to Rs 825 with a stop loss of Rs 810 and we are expecting Rs 855 on that as well."
RELATED NEWS

This is due to demerger of this stock.for details please see the vario...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Can i enter in fo pls sugesstCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Norway pension fund has not invested yet.New Member
5 Followers
Not yet but likely will.  By the time the news of investment is announced the stock will be atleast double from these levels.
In reply to : bkavineeta message
1.50 PM Dec 4th

Want to lose go first with group a stocks and make a nice portfolio. ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

How Ameera expanded Metropolis in IndiaStory
Getting the Diagnosis Right
Ameera Shah focused on trained manpower as she created a pan-India chain of diagnostics labs from scratch.
A healthy business: Ameera Shah at a Metropolis Healthcare lab in Mumbai (Photo: Rachit Goswami)
CATEGORY: Excellence in Productive Employment Creation (Mid-sized companies)
When Ameera Shah first got into business 14 years ago few people took her seriously. For, she was only 21 at the time and wanted to establish a nationwide presence in the highly fragmented segment of pathology labs. Today, 14 years on, Metropolis Healthcare has 800 collection centres and 125 laboratories in seven countries including India, South Africa and the UAE.
The foundation of Metropolis was laid in 1981 when Ameera Shah's father, Sushil Shah, opened a pathology lab in Gamdevi, Mumbai. Ameera, who studied and worked in the US before returning to India in 2000, converted the standalone lab into Metropolis and expanded across Mumbai until 2006. Then, she began to expand outside the city. "We thought that, as India was growing, healthcare would grow and there was an opportunity to build a chain of labs," she says.
125
The number of labs Metropolis has in seven countries.
To build a nationwide chain, Shah tied up with local labs in many cities. Metropolis, which competes with Dr Lal PathLabs and SRL Diagnostics, now has 25 partners. Shah says the main difficulty was to convince local labs that tying up with Metropolis would boost their brand identity and business. Lack of skilled manpower was another problem she faced. Jayant Singh, Director, Healthcare and Lifesciences Practice, Frost & Sullivan, says the diagnostics industry didn't give much emphasis to skilling as it was anyway growing at 18 to 20 per cent annually.
Shah, however, focused from the start on training everyone from partners to the sample collector and making them more customer-centric. This was critical to Metropolis's expansion from a 40-employee outfit at the turn of the century to a 4,000-strong company now. "The availability of talent will grow over the next ten years but now there is no talent available," she says.
800
The number of Metropolis collection centres.
Shah regularly interacts with 70-80 senior executives to drive home the message. "It's about spreading the knowledge to the top guys and then getting them to spread it down," she says. The company conducts training sessions for doctors and technicians. For doctors, it has about 720 hours of technical training and 300 hours for training in soft skills. Technicians are required to undergo 140 hours of training. The company conducts surveys for managers and supervisors to evaluate their training needs. It also conducts sessions of Critical Medical Education through the year for doctors and encourages its panel of experts to take part in conferences and seminars.
Private equity firm Warburg Pincus, which has been invested in Metropolis since 2010, endorses the manpower strategy of the company. "They (Metropolis) are giving them (employees) tools to do their job well. The larger players (such as Metropolis) are creating a pool of people who have the experience, tools and training to be able to do a more professional job," says Nitin Nayar, Managing Director at Warburg Pincus India.
Manpower training is more important for the company now that it is expanding outside India. Shah says it will be tougher to establish a footprint in the company's newest market, Africa, which lacks good medical facilities and where the culture, operations, and local partners would be difficult to manage. "The further you are from your home country, the more difficult it is to set things up," she says.

Subrata Roys Sahara group permitted by Supreme Court to sell 4 properties worth over Rs 2 700crDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The Supreme Court today permitted the Subrata Roy’s Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore to secure his release from jail.
The court allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune, Chauma in Gurgaon and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4 order.
This order had stated that “such sales are not for a price lower than the estimated value indicated in the statement filed before this Court or the circle rates fixed for the area in which such properties are situated”.
A bench headed by Justice T S Thakur was told that the transactions for these properties would be completed by May 2015 and in the meantime, the purchasers would deposit post-dated cheques in the name of SEBI-Sahara refund account with undertakings that those would be honoured on due dates.
The bench, also comprising justices A R Dave and A K Sikri, was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai and following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI’s counsel.
Regarding the sale of Pune property which would fetch Rs 550 crore, Sahara group through senior advocates Rajiv Dhawan and S Ganesh said that the agreement was not signed due to unavoidable circumstances and in the near future, the deal will be through and it is expected to get Rs 50 crore as initial part payment.
Accepting the proposal, the bench permitted it to go ahead with the proposed deal and deposit Rs 50 crore with SEBI-Sahara refund account.
Out of the list of nine domestic properties, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crores which has gone into the account of SEBI.
However, Sahara Group would have to wait for getting clearance for raising ‘junior loan’ of USD 650 million (approx. Rs 3,600 crore) as a part of the scheme to overcome the liability with Bank of China which had lent money to it in purchasing stakes in three overseas hotels, Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.
SEBI’s counsel Arvind Dattar and senior advocate Shekhar Naphade, who is assisting the court as an amicus curiae in the matter, submitted that certain terms of transactions were not clear like the issue of escrow agent and the liability which is likely to rise for the Sahara.
The bench asked the Sahara Group to provide all information sought by the amicus and the market regulator within a week and posted the matter for further hearing on December 17.
At the outset, Dhawan said substantial amout has been paid by Sahara Group to SEBI and Rs 1882 crore remains and it be allowed to give cheques for remaining dues.
“We would not like to accept post-date cheques at this stage,” the bench said.
The group also sought court’s specific direction with regard to its bid to sell the Pune property and said that some sort of confusion has been created due to some media reports.
“You have already been permitted,” the court said.
During the hearing, the court expressed dissatisfaction over the progress in the sale of properties and suggested that it can also assist in their disposal by taking help of an assets management company.
Earlier, Sahara Group had approached the court with a fresh proposal for securing release of Subrato Roy.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year for non- refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which earlier had raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with SEBI, has told the court that out of nine domestic assets it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crores which has also gone into account of the market regulator.
Earlier, SEBI had moved the court seeking its direction to Sahara group to give a time schedule for payment of Rs 47,000 crore to it.
In the application, SEBI had submitted that the group be directed to furnish all details before the court regarding offers it received for its three luxury hotels, which was to be put on sale to raise money to be deposited with it.
The apex court had earlier allowed Roy, 65, to use the conference room in Tihar jail complex to hold negotiations with potential buyers for selling the hotels in New York and London.
Court lets India’s Sahara sell $424 mln of local properties
(Reuters) India’s Sahara conglomerate on Tuesday won the Supreme Court’s approval to sell four of its domestic properties, which it said would raise 26.22 billion rupees ($424 million), crucial to secure the bail of its jailed chief.
Sahara Chairman Subrata Roy has been held in a New Delhi jail for almost nine months in a long-running dispute with the country’s capital markets regulator over the refund of billions of dollars the group raised in outlawed bonds.
The Supreme Court has asked Sahara to deposit 100 billion rupees initially to release Roy on bail. Sahara has said it would mortgage or sell its overseas hotels, including the Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London, to raise funds.
Last week, Sahara sought the court’s approval to take over a Bank of China loan on the overseas hotels and also raise $650 million more in loans through a refinancing to pay off the bail money.
The court has sought more information from the capital markets regulator, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, and Sahara on the refinancing of the overseas properties and will hear the case next on Dec. 17.
($1 = 61.8800 Indian rupees)
TAGS: Sahara Group Subrata Roy Supreme Court
More from indianmarkets

Dean Baquet  Outraged  For Reporters Targeted Over Darren Wilson Articlereddit
New York Times public editor Margaret Sullivan has responded to the harsh attacks against the paper claiming that it published the exact address of Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson in a blog post last Monday.
"As a result of this misinformation -- which has been through the media spin cycle several times -- the writers of the blog post have been targeted and criticized, quite viciously," she wrote.
Sullivan clarified that the article, which has since been updated with an editor's note, included a picture of Wilson's marriage license which included an address of a law firm -- not Wilson's home. The post did, however, include the officer's town and street name.
The paper has received hundreds of "angry" emails bashing the story, Sullivan said, a reader response that has New York Times executive editor Dean Baquet none too happy.
Baquet told Sullivan that he is "outraged for the two reporters," and that he fully supports their reporting.
"They've done it heroically," he said, adding that the Times' coverage of Ferguson on the whole has been "fair, aggressive and excellent."
But media critics and reporters like The Washington Post's Erik Wemple criticized the paper for revealing such personal details about the officer, claiming that it "adds nil news value," especially when dealing with subject at the center of so much national attention.
"Leave it out," Wemple wrote.
Sullivan said that she agreed with Wemple when it comes to publishing the street name, but argued that what the reporters are being accused of is "widely misreported and misunderstood."
More:

Bangalore: Another minor girl sexually assaulted in a private schoolBy: Press Trust of India | Bangalore |
Posted: December 3, 2014 1:33 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 1:53 pm
A three-year-old girl was allegedly sexually assaulted twice in the premises of a private school here in the fifth such incident in as many months.
The accused, a school attendant, was arrested on November 30 after the mother of the victim registered a police complaint, City Police Commissioner M N Reddi said.
In the complaint filed on November 29, the mother alleged that the child was sexually abused twice on October 22 and November 26, Reddi said.
The attendant has been booked under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act and Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code (relating to punishment for rape).
The latest incident comes weeks after the sexual assault of a six-year-old girl in a school by a Hindi teacher who was arrested.
In another incident in October, an office assistant in a school here was arrested for sexual assault of a three-and-a-half-year girl.
An eight-year-old girl was allegedly sexually assaulted by her 63-year-old teacher inside her school premises over a period of time with the offence coming to light in early August, barely a month after the rape of a six-year-old girl at ‘Vibgyor High’ school here.
The series of incidents of sexual assault of minor girls in schools in Bengaluru has led to concerns over safety of children.
Police had issued safety guidelines for schools, which in many cases have been found to be observing them in the breach.

Artificial intelligence could end mankind  warns Stephen HawkingIndia ranks 65th on tourism competitiveness index
Efforts to develop artificial intelligence to create thinking machines pose a threat to the very existence of human race, famed British theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking warned on Tuesday.
“The development of full artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race,” the 72-year-old cosmologist and author said when asked about a revamp of the technology he uses to communicate, which involves a basic form of artificial intelligence (AI).
Hawking, who has the motor neurone disease amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), is using a new system developed by Intel to speak.
Machine learning experts from the British company Swiftkey were also involved in its creation. Their technology, already employed as a smartphone keyboard app, learns how the professor thinks and suggests the words he might want to use next.
Hawking says the primitive forms of artificial intelligence developed so far have already proved very useful, but he fears the consequences of creating something that can match or surpass humans.
“It would take off on its own, and re-design itself at an ever increasing rate,” he told the BBC.
“Humans, who are limited by slow biological evolution, couldn’t compete, and would be superseded,” he said.
He has, however, been an enthusiastic early adopter of all kinds of communication technologies and is looking forward to being able to write much faster with his new system.
But one aspect of his own tech – his computer generated voice – has not changed in the latest update.
Hawking concedes that it’s slightly robotic, but insists he did not want a more natural voice.
“It has become my trademark, and I wouldn’t change it for a more natural voice with a British accent,” he said.
” I’m told that children who need a computer voice, want one like mine.”
TAGS: Stephen Hawking
More from lifestyle
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

Lebanese expert killed while dismantling bombBy: Associated Press | Beirut |
Posted: December 3, 2014 3:52 pm
A Lebanese military expert was killed and two others were wounded Wednesday when a bomb they were about to dismantle near the border with Syria exploded, the army said.
The explosion comes a day after an ambush by militants in the same area killed six soldiers and wounded one.
The army said the bomb was found on the outskirts of the town of Arsal on Wednesday morning. Troops found the bomb as an army patrol was combing the area in the aftermath of Tuesday’s ambush near the village of Ras Baalbek.
The predominantly Christian village was almost empty, and few people were seen in the streets. Special forces were taking part in search operations as a Lebanese military aircraft flew overhead.
No one has so far claimed responsibility for Tuesday’s ambush or for planting the bomb that was discovered Wednesday.
Lebanese troops have been battling Syria-based Islamic militants, including the extremist Islamic State group and the al-Qaida-linked Nusra Front, in areas near the border.
Lebanese army special forces patrol near the area where militants ambushed Lebanese soldiers, in Ras Baalbek town, eastern Lebanon, Wednesday, Dec. 3, 2014. (Source: AP)
In August, the militant groups seized some 20 Lebanese soldiers and police officers during a brief cross-border raid on Arsal. The extremists have already killed three of the captives, beheading two of them.
A Lebanese military expert was killed and two others were wounded Wednesday when a bomb they were about to dismantle near the border with Syria exploded, the army said.
The explosion comes a day after an ambush by militants in the same area killed six soldiers and wounded one.
The army said the bomb was found on the outskirts of the town of Arsal on Wednesday morning. Troops found the bomb as an army patrol was combing the area in the aftermath of Tuesday’s ambush near the village of Ras Baalbek.
The predominantly Christian village was almost empty, and few people were seen in the streets. Special forces were taking part in search operations as a Lebanese military aircraft flew overhead.
No one has so far claimed responsibility for Tuesday’s ambush or for planting the bomb that was discovered Wednesday.
Lebanese troops have been battling Syria-based Islamic militants, including the extremist Islamic State group and the al-Qaida-linked Nusra Front, in areas near the border.
In August, the militant groups seized some 20 Lebanese soldiers and police officers during a brief cross-border raid on Arsal. The extremists continued…

Travel consultant booked for faking documents for US visasWritten by Johnson T A | Bangalore |
Posted: December 3, 2014 7:30 pm
The owner of a travel consultancy in Bangalore who supplied fake documents to people aspiring for US visas has been arrested by the Central Crime Branch (CCB) of the Bangalore police on the basis of a complaint by US consulate authorities. The arrested person has been identified as Ravi Tejas alias BK Ravi, 45, a resident of Mathikere in North Bangalore.
Following a raid on the travel consultancy Citizens Comfort Services operated by Ravi Tejas the CCB police have seized non-judicial stamp papers and letterheads in the name of over a dozen fake companies. The probe into the racket of the supply of fake documents was carried out on the basis of a complaint filed by the US consulate in Chennai, the Joint Commissioner of Police (crime) Hemanth Nimbalkar said.
The police have arrested Ravi Tejas who is the managing director of Citizens Comfort Services. Ravi Tejas forged documents required for the US visa process by using the letterheads of many fake firms and sold these documents at prices ranging from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 5 lakh.
The US consulate in Chennai found fake supporting documents in the possession of many people who were seeking US visas and filed a complaint as a result, the joint commissioner of police said.
A case has been registered against Tejas at the Yeshwanthapura police station under various sections of the Indian Penal Code including cheating.

No "contradiction" on Amit Shah s claim on Saradha chit fund scam: BJPBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 3, 2014 6:03 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 6:26 pm
Rejecting any “contradiction” between the party and the government on the issue of Saradha chit fund scam, BJP today said the case is being investigated by three agencies and the government has not given clean chit in this regard.
This comes after the government today appeared to be speaking in different voices with MoS, Personnel Jitendra Singh telling Parliament that probe has so far not revealed that Saradha chit fund money was used to finance terror in Bangladesh, contradicting BJP chief Amit Shah’s allegation of such a connection.
“There has been some media reports claiming that there are contradictions between the government and the party regarding the Saradha chit fund scam. Let me clarify. There are no such contradiction,” BJP national secretary Siddharth Nath Singh Singh told reporters.
He said whatever BJP President Amit Shah had said in a rally in Kolkata on Sunday were based on reports that are in the public domain.
“It has been in the public domain for a very long time that Saradha chit fund scam money has funded terror activities in West Bengal and that is being investigated by CBI.
“This has been a matter of fact which has been in the public domain. Based on the public domain, the BJP National President Amit Shah also stated certain facts. Now MoS Jitendra Singh has also said that it is under CBI’s investigation,” Siddharth Singh said.
He said there are three investigative agencies involved– Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO), Enforcement Directorate (ED) and CBI and the Burdwan blast case is also being investigated by NIA.
“Primarily, the investigation on money laundering issues are done by by SFIO and ED. There are other investigative agencies which look into it. As far as the question is concerned, it was raised with the DoPT Minister. So, there is no confusion and its answer was also given,” Singh said.
Addressing a rally in Kolkata on Sunday, Shah had alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast which is being probed for link with Jamaatul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) terror outfit.
Shah while attacking the Trinamool Congress had said that Saradha chit fund money was used in the Burdwan blast. NIA is not being allowed to probe the blast properly. Hurdles are being created. It is being done in order to save TMC leaders who are involved in the blast, he had said.
“There is no clean chit given by government…There is no hurry. Let the investigation go on. The truth will be coming out,” Siddharthnath Singh said.
Singh said the media should not be in “haste” in giving a clean chit on the issue as the investigations are going on and one must understand its seriousness.
He said that in West Bengal 17 lakh people and overall 25 lakh (including Assam and Odisha) people’s money has been stolen while many people have committed suicide due to this.
“It will be unfortunate if we hastily continued…

Supreme Court sets up  Social Justice Bench  to deal with social issuesWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:03 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 1:09 pm
Resolute that people’s voices never go unheard before the highest court of the land, Chief Justice of India H L Dattu has set up a special bench, christened “Social Justice Bench”, to specifically deal with the issues troubling a common man in everyday life. This is the first time the Supreme Court will have a dedicated bench to hear cases pertaining to public interest and all fresh PILs may be heard by the new bench from now. Currently, such cases are scattered over different benches.
This is the first time the Supreme Court will have a dedicated bench to hear cases pertaining to public interest and all fresh PILs may be heard by the new bench from now. Currently, such cases are scattered over different benches.
Notifying the constitution of a two-judge bench on Wednesday, the CJI, through an official note, expressed concern over pendency of several cases in the Supreme Court without a proper hearing.
Cases that relate to problems in society and those which have a direct impact on the rights of the people are the areas where the constitutional mechanism has to play a proactive role so as to meet the goals of the Constitution, according to the note.
“Honb’le the Chief Justice of India is of the view that these cases shall be given a specialised approach for their early disposal so that the masses will realise the fruits of the rights provided to them by the constitutional text,” stated the note, adding the CJI’s order aimed at securing social justice — one of the ideals of the Constitution.
Secretary General VSR Avadhani told The Indian Express that the CJI has directed that the Social Justice Bench would start functioning from December 12. The new bench will devise a procedure to expeditiously deal with the issues and would continue to sit on every working Friday at 2 pm to monitor the implementation of its directions to authorities concerned.
Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice Uday U Lalit would comprise the bench, which will hear not only the pending cases but also all the fresh matters on the pertinent issues. Out of around 200 such cases pending in the court, 65 cases have been identified to begin with and the cases, already pending before other benches, may get transferred to the special bench on the directions of the CJI.
Release of surplus food grains for people affected by natural calamities after framing a comprehensive scheme for public distribution, rehabilitation of sex workers, prevention of untimely death of pregnant women and children due to malnourishment or lack of medical care, hygienic mid-day meal, shelter homes for the destitute and homeless and education for the children are illustrations of the kind of cases that the new bench would take up.

Bigg Boss 8: Gautam is assigned a secret taskBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 3, 2014 4:16 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 5:09 pm
Following Puneet, Gautam and Pritam’s face-off from the previous day, the Guards and Thieves continue with the luxury budget task of the week, Museum until the wee hours of the night. The Thieves try their best to chalk out a planned robbery, while the Guards give their all in being alert.
Gautam has other things on his mind, as he needs to accomplish his secret task of stealing the items while in the disguise of a guard. At 6:30 am in the morning since both groups are asleep, Gautam, who was patrolling with Puneet finally plans his execution. Puneet goes to the washroom, leaving Gautam in charge. The thief in disguise then goes and switches off the monitor in the garden and starts putting in all the items he could find handy in to the storeroom.
 
When Puneet returns, he is shocked to see what is happening. Gautam tells Puneet about the secret task and tries to manipulate him. However, Puneet does not react and allows Gautam to complete the task except steal the diamond.
After Gautam’s revelation the whole house wakes up and resumes the task once again in full swing. The thieves – Praneet, Ali and Karishma accuse Gautam of not being a team player and doing everything on his own. Ali states that if Gautam had called for other thieves they would have won the task then and there.
In the course of the day, the Museum task turns into a blame game. The guards protect the Diamond so well there on. Pritam continues to rule the house as the captain. A few support Gautam’s actions, while others speak against him.
Later, Bigg Boss announces that the task has come to an end. Captain Pritam is asked to decide the winner between the Thieves and the Guards as per their performance. Who will he pick?

RBI issues norms for trading platform for MSME receivablesDec 03, 2014, 08.56 PM IST  | Source: PTI
RBI issues norms for trading platform for MSME receivables
Issuing detailed guidelines in this regard, RBI said the Trade Receivables Discounting System (TReDS) should have a minimum paid up equity capital of Rs 25 crore and non-promoters would not hold over 10 percent of the equity capital of TReDS.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI issues norms for trading platform for MSME receivables
Issuing detailed guidelines in this regard, RBI said the Trade Receivables Discounting System (TReDS) should have a minimum paid up equity capital of Rs 25 crore and non-promoters would not hold over 10 percent of the equity capital of TReDS.
Post your opinion here
 
To help MSMEs, RBI Wednesday permitted setting up of an exchange-based trading platform to facilitate financing of bills raised by such small entities to corporate and other buyers, including government departments and PSUs.
Issuing detailed guidelines in this regard, RBI said the Trade Receivables Discounting System (TReDS) should have a minimum paid up equity capital of Rs 25 crore and non-promoters would not hold over 10 percent of the equity capital of TReDS.
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs), despite the important role played by them in the economic fabric of the country, continue to face constraints in obtaining adequate finance, particularly in terms of their ability to convert their trade receivables into liquid funds, RBI said.
"Since the TReDS will not be allowed to assume any credit risk, its minimum paid up equity capital shall be Rs 25 crore.
The foreign shareholding in the TReDS would be as per the extant foreign investment policy.
"Entities, other than the promoters, will not be permitted to have shareholding in excess of 10 per cent of the equity capital of the TReDS. The overall financial strength of the promoters/entity seeking to set up TReDS would be an important criteria of assessment/selection," the central bank said.
Among others, RBI said, TReDS should have sound technological basis to support its operations, be able to provide electronic platform for all the participants and information about bills, discounting and quotes should be in real time supported by a robust information system.
"The TReDS shall have a suitable Business Continuity Plan (BCP) including a disaster recovery site...shall have an online surveillance capability which monitors positions,
prices and volumes in real time so as to check system manipulation," it added.
TReDS will facilitate financing of invoices/bills of MSMEs drawn on corporate and other buyers, including government departments and PSUs by way of discounting.
It would discount invoices so that final payment of the bill to the MSME is made by buyer on a due date.
MSME sellers, corporate and other buyers, including the government departments and PSUs, and financiers (both banks and NBFCs) will be direct participants in the TReDS, RBI said.
Setting up of TReDS platform follows statement by RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan in September 2013 to facilitate an electronic bill factoring exchange in the country for MSMEs.
RELATED NEWS

Serbia caught between Russia and westSerbia caught between Russia and the west
Andrew Byrne in Belgrade
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b44d6260-7ac6-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra ministry to expand on Dec 5  Sena to join govtMaharashtra ministry to expand on Dec 5, Sena to join govt
Yahoo India –  Wed 3 Dec, 2014
Recommend
Print
MUMBAI: The uncertainty looming over the stability of the Devendra Fadnavis-led Bharatiya Janata Party government in Maharashtra is set to end with reports coming in that the Shiv Sena will join the 33-day-old minority government.
Agency reports said that the Maharashtra government will be expanded on December 5 following the finalization of a power-sharing formula between the BJP and the Shiv Sena.
Some 20 ministers will take oath on December 5 at the Vidhan Bhawan premises in Mumbai at 10 am. Ten of those ministers are likely to be from the Shiv Sena, which had preferred to occupy the Opposition benches in the state assembly.
A Press Trust of India report said that Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis had got the approval from BJP president Amit Shah over the names of the BJP probables for ministerial berths.
On the list of probables who will take oath on Friday are senior MLAs like Mangal Prabhat Lodha, Raj Purohit and Ashish Shelar from Mumbai, Girish Bapat from Pune, Girish Mahajan from Jalgaon, Babanrao Lonikar and Sambhaji Patil Nilangekar from Marathwada, Sanjay Kute and Chainsukh Sancheti from Buldhana, Seema Hire and Devyani Farande from Nashik, Jaykumar Rawal from Dhule, and Govardhan Sharma from Akola, Madan Yerawar from Yeotmal.
Currently, the Fadnavis government has eight Cabinet ministers and two ministers of state.
Recommend

This loser does not represent my beautiful faith: Gauhar Khanhuman interest
Television actress and model Gauhar Khan talked to the media about the attack from an audience member on the sets of "India's Rawstar."
She said: "Why doesn't a loser like him have the fear of the law before he decides to attack a girl who is unarmed and unprepared and someone who is in a state to try and do her work to the best of her ability."
The incident happened when the actress was shooting for the finale of the Star Plus's reality show India's Rawstar.
The accused was identified as Akil Mali (24) and he was booked on the charge of molestation. He allegedly did not like the actress for wearing short dresses in her shows.
Watch the video here:

http://usat.ly/1ykmzkLWarby Parker: A visionary approach to selling eyewear
Removing the glitches from the Affordable Care Act
Entrepreneur Sanjay Singh and his company hCentive, which built and runs the state insurance exchanges in several states, as well as the federal small business exchange SHOP. Jack Gruber, USA TODAY
Jayne O'Donnell , USA TODAY 12:15 p.m. EST December 11, 2014
Entrepreneur Sanjay Singh and his company hCentive built health insurance exchanges in several states, as well as the federal small business exchange SHOP.
(Photo: Jack Gruber, USA TODAY)
189 CONNECT 41 TWEET 266 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
RESTON, Va. — As a software engineer in this outer suburb of Washington, Sanjay Singh was literally and figuratively outside the Beltway in 2008 when the Affordable Care Act was finalized on Capitol Hill.
That didn't matter to the self-described "public policy geek." He pored over the Senate Finance Committee's markup of the legislation and sat riveted in front of C-Span during the Senate markup of the health  law.
Where others read and heard mind-numbing bureaucratese, Singh saw a business opportunity. As he heard how health care would be sold on state marketplaces, he saw the potential that lurked in setting up these exchanges.
Six years later, a guy who made less than $200 a month in 1991 writing software code in India has a company with multimillion-dollar contracts with Massachusetts for its insurance marketplace and the federal government to run the Small Business Health Options Program (SHOP) exchange. Last year, hCentive helped launch the successful, largely glitch-free exchanges in New York, Kentucky and Colorado — and its software continues to power them.
When ACA open enrollment started  Oct. 1 last year, "everyone went to HealthCare.gov to see what it looked like," says Singh, 47. When they couldn't get on or found  glitches, "the people working on that were making news. This time around, we don't want to be making news."
Singh is OK with this article, however, as he's among 10 finalists for USA TODAY's Entrepreneur of the Year. A winner will be selected in December.
"The role we are playing ... has become central to the success of the ACA," says Singh, a soft-spoken, slightly built man. He's  right. As anyone who followed the tumultuous rollout of the federal insurance exchange, HealthCare.gov, last year knows, getting the sites to run can be synonymous with getting people health care.
Singh remembers hearing a woman call into an NPR show telling the story of her son, who had a pre-existing medical condition and never had been able to get insurance until the ACA. "Once it went live, she was desperately trying to sign up, but because of the glitches, she could not complete the application,'' Singh says.
She was on hold so long for the call center that it drained her cellphone battery, and she said she felt like her son's health was slipping out of her hands.
Singh reminds his employees of stories such as that to emphasize "how important this work is" when they spend evenings and weekends on the job.
The HealthCare.gov website.
(Photo: Don Ryan, AP)
For the federal and state sites his company works on, hCentive can provide regulators with a "workaround ... that can literally mean life or death,"  Singh says.
Massachusetts had enacted its own health care  program long before last fall. When it tried to meld its site, the ACA provisions and a state subsidy program, the results were so miserable everyone had to sign up on paper.
Singh says being chosen to overhaul that site was the company's biggest honor since Massachusetts was supposed to be the shining example of health care change. When it was announced, "I was almost crying," Singh says.
Singh not only believes in his technology but the law it supports, says Maydad Cohen, who is in charge of Massachusetts Health Connect. When a "triage meeting" was needed for the site, Cohen says, Singh not only came to the meeting, he was involved in the IT discussions.
Vas Bhandarkar, who was on the board of Singh's former software product outsourcing company, GlobalLogic, says the company needed to boost profits several years ago. "Most CEOs and most presidents would immediately bring their scalping pen and knife," Bhandarkar says. "Singh instead used technology to add customers without adding or firing people." The company was sold to a private equity firm last year for $430 million.
Singh says he has learned big lessons from his years as an entrepreneur. One is to quit your day job. "If you cling to your current job as a safety net and do the start-up on the side, you are almost guaranteed to fail," he says.
It's "too hard to do it alone," he says. Start with a team of two or three people you can trust who are like-minded and have complementary skills to improve your chance of success. He  recommends "being nimble" and recognizing that quick adjustments will be needed.
hCentive's growth potential extends far beyond government work. Along with five government clients, hCentive has more than 10 insurance industry clients.
Manoj Agarwala, hCentive's president, has worked with Singh since the two toiled as low-paid software engineers in India. He says the two believed they could "start from a level playing field" and compete with far bigger players on exchanges.
"We bet on this idea, but ideas are a dime a dozen,"  Agarwala says. "What matters is how well you execute them."
189 CONNECT 41 TWEET 266 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CEYTeX
ENTREPRENEUR OF THE YEAR

Central varsities to explore Sanskrit dept.Peshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Close on the heels of German being replaced with Sanskrit as third language in KVs, the Government said all central universities have been asked to explore the possibilities of opening of Sanskrit department.
“In order to promote Sanskrit language, the Central Government has requested all central universities, where department of Sanskrit does not exist, to explore the possibilities of opening of Sanskrit departments,” HRD Minister Smriti Irani told the Lok Sabha.
Irani said in a written reply to a question by Shivkumar Udasi of BJP on whether the government was emphasising upon establishment of centres for teaching and learning of Sanskrit, Chinese, Russian, Urdu and European languages by providing specific financial assistance.
The Minister said UGC was also providing plan and non-plan grants to five Sanskrit universities and two Sanskrit deemed-to-be-universities.
Irani’s recent decision to replace German with Sanskrit as the third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas (KVs) has courted controversy, though she has insisted that German was being taught in violation of the National Policy of Education and the Three Language Formula.
The Supreme Court had, however, on November 28 asked the Centre to consider not replacing German language with Sanskrit in KVs in the middle of the ongoing academic session and implement the decision from next academic year.

Subrata Roy s Sahara group likely to sell Rs 1 200 cr land to realty co M3M India'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Looking to raise funds to ensure release of its chief Subrata Roy from jail, Sahara has sold a big land parcel at the outskirts of the national capital for Rs 1,211 crore to Gurgaon-based developer M3M India Ltd.
The 185-acre land in Gurgaon, with 12 million square feet built-up area, would be used for ‘mix-use development’ and has sales revenue potential of Rs 12,000 crore, M3M India Ltd said today while announcing the deal.
M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal also asserted that it was not a ‘distress sale’ by Sahara and the deal has been inked on the basis of market price.
He further said that the entire amount will be paid in instalments over a period of six months, while post-dated cheques have been given to Sahara group for purchase of this land at Chauma village in Gurgaon.
The deal comes within days of Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrato Roy.
Besides this Chauma land, the court has also allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4, 2014 order.
The apex court bench was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai, following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI’s counsel.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crore which has gone into the account of SEBI.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which had earlier raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with SEBI, told the court that out of nine domestic assets, it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crore which has also gone into the account of the market regulator.
Announcing the big-ticket land deal, M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal said: “We have acquired 185 acres of land in Delhi-NCR from Sahara group for Rs 1,211 crore.”
He said the land deal with Sahara group was clinched two months ago but the agreement was subject to approval of the Supreme Court.
On land price, Bansal said: “It was not a distress sale for Sahara group. We have bought the land at market price.”
The company has paid Rs 150 crore upfront to Sahara and the rest would be paid in instalments over the next 6 months.
“We will come up with a high-end mixed-use development project on this land comprising branded homes, service apartments, offices, retail, hotels and entertainment centres. We are expecting a sales revenue of Rs 12,000 crore from this project,” Bansal said.
The company would be shortly applying for approvals to develop this project which is to be launched in the last quarter of 2015 and get completed in the next 6-8 years.
Asked about total investment on construction, Bansal said: “It is too premature to estimate but it will be about one-third of the estimated sales revenue.”
On funding of this project, he said the company would fund the project cost largely from internal accruals, but said it is also exploring the possibility of partnering with international developers, financial institutions and private equity firms.
M3M India has 2,000 acres of land in and around Gurgaon. It is currently developing 14 projects in the city, including its flagship 75-acre project ‘M3M Golf Estate’.
Delhi-NCR has witnessed many big-ticket land deals during the last seven years, including Wave Group’s 151 acres deal in Noida for about Rs 6,500 crore in 2011 making it the biggest land deal in the region.
India’s largest realty firm DLF was also involved in two high-value land transactions. It had bagged a 350-acre plot for Rs 1,750 crore in
Gurgaon in 2009 and another 38 acres in the heart of Delhi for Rs 1,675 crore in 2007.
Unitech had won 340 acres in Noida through auction for Rs 1,582 crore in 2006.
BPTP had bagged 95 acres of land in Noida for Rs 5,006 crore through an auction in 2008, but the deal fell through as the company was unable to make full payment.
Last year, Gaursons India had bought 300 acres on Yamuna Expressway in Greater Noida from Jaypee Group for more than Rs 1,500 crore.
TAGS: M3M India Sahara Group Subrata Roy
More from companies
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Bhopal Gas tragedy: No accurate data on deaths 30 years on  alleges NGOPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
An NGO working for the Bhopal gas tragedy victims has alleged that there are no accurate figures available on the death toll of the world’s worst industrial disaster even after 30 years and has also raised concern over the toxic waste lying in defunct eUnion Carbid plant situated near the densely populated old Bhopal area.
Though unofficial estimates claimed that the death toll due to the Bhopal gas tragedy had exceeded the 25,000 mark, official figure stands at 5,295 for whom the government had compensated.
“So far we have compensated for 5,295 deaths due to Bhopal Gas Tragedy,” Madhya Pradesh Department of Gas Relief and Rehabilitation deputy secretary K K Dubey said.
However, NGO Bhopal Group for Information Action’s (BGIA) activist Rachna Dhingra claimed that as per their information, the death toll had crossed 25,000 since the disaster took place.
“We are demanding compensation for the same, but the state government has so far compensated only for 5,295 deaths,” she said.
Notably, the Madhya Pradesh government had in 2012 demanded from the Centre’s Group of Ministers a compensation of Rs 10 lakh each to the kin of 15,342 deceased in the tragedy, as per revised figures in Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) report, a government release had then said.
Besides, concern has been raised over non-disposal of 350 MT of toxic waste lying in the defunct chemical plant which is a major cause for pollution, especially water contamination in and around the factory.
Hearings have been going since 1999 in Southern District Court of New York against the Union Carbide Corporation, seeking that the poisonous waste should be removed from its factory in Bhopal, Dhingra said.
Os, had moved the US court in 1999, but the timid response to the case by successive Madhya Pradesh governments has not yielded any result, she alleged.
“It is high time that MP government should intervene in the US court and get the waste cleared,” she demanded.
In India too, an NGO moved a PIL in Madhya Pradesh High Court in 2004, after a soil sample test carried out in and around the closed factory revealed that the waste was causing air and water pollution in the surroundings having a huge human settlement. But the toxic dump couldn’t be cleared following resistance from different environment groups.
In the last decade, the High Court directed the Centre and the state that the toxic waste should be incinerated after tests at Pithampur in Dhar district of Madhya Pradesh.
But the move couldn’t see the light of the day after stiff opposition by some NGOs alleging that disposal of the waste at the incinerator will harm people and the environment of Pithampur, Alok Pratap Singh, president of NGO Zahreeli Gas Kand Sangarsh Morcha, who had moved the HC said.
After this, the HC ordered that the hazardous waste should be disposed of at Ankleshwar incinerator in Gujarat. Again, the NGOs of Gujarat protested against incinerating plan in that state. The Gujarat government petitioned the apex court to review it decision, Singh said.
The Supreme Court had then directed that the waste should be incinerated at Defence Research Development Organisation (DRDO) plant near Nagpur after assessing its after effects, but NGOs protested again in Maharashtra following which the state government expressed its unwillingness in court on the issue, he said.
Maharashtra Assembly passed a resolution against the disposal of the waste at DRDO, Singh said.
Later, German company GIZ handed a proposal to the MP government to dispose of the waste in Germany, Dubey said.
However, GIZ backtracked following NGOs’ protest in Germany on the issue, he said.
After this, the apex court asked that the waste should be incinerated at Pithampur and in a prelude 25-30 metric tonnes should be disposed on experimental basis, he said.
The Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) got similar waste of some organisation of Kochi in Kerala -like the one lying in Bhopal Union Carbide Factory – incinerated at Pithampur.
“Now we are waiting for words from CPCB to hand over the waste to them for incineration,” Dubey said.
After the June 7, 2010, verdict on Bhopal Gas Tragedy, the Group of Ministers (GoM) was formed to look into the problems related to the disaster. The GoM in June 2010 earmarked Rs 315 crore for disposal of waste.
The verdict on Bhopal Gas Tragedy came 25 years after poisonous gas leaked from the plant on the intervening night of December 2-3, 1984.
“…But for the people near the defunct factory, the tragedy isn’t over as they still face air and water pollution given that the hazardous waste lying in the factory was seeping into the ground,” said activist Abdul Jabbar, working for the survivors of the tragedy.

India to be fastest growing economy in 2-3 years: RIL s Mukesh Ambani'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
India will surpass China as the world’s fastest growing economy in the next 2-3 years, top industrialist Mukesh Ambani today said, while terming the fall in global oil prices as a “gift” to India.
“We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in the next 2-3 years. We will exceed China’s growth rate in next 2-3 years. We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in 2016-2017 and 2017-2018,” the Reliance Industries Chairman said.
He was speaking at an event organised by Brown University here.
Ambani further said that 2014 is a landmark year for the country.
“I think the people of India have spoken after really 30 years. I have in business for now alomst 30-35 years and we have got a majority (government) now…I have been saying this consistently that 2014 is a lucky year for India,” he said.
Referring to the recent fall in crude oil prices, Ambani said, “…we are now on the horizon of USD 60-70, that is really a gift…. If this continues for two years, it’s a gift”.
He recalled that oil prices had shot up from USD 20/barrel to USD 140 during 2004 to 2014.
TAGS: Mukesh Ambani Reliance Industries
More from companies
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

UP: 5 dead  25 injured after school bus collides with a train in Mau65
0
Mau: Five school children were killed and 25 were injured when their school bus collided with a train in Uttar Pradesh's Mau district on Thursday.
The incident took place at around 8 AM when the van carrying school children was hit by Tamsa passenger train going to Varanasi from Azamgarh at Mahaso unmanned crossing in Ranipur area.
Northern Indian Railway CPRO Alok Kumar Singh has announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakh for the relatives of the deceased and RS 1 lakh for the critically injured.
#uttar pradesh #mau #school bus #bus accident
Superintendent of Police AK Shukla said that five children were killed on the spot while 25 others were injured in the incident.
The victims are yet to be identified. All of them were students of DD Convent School, Hajipur, police said. Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu will make a suo motu statement in both Houses of Parliament on the accident.
"Just now, there has been a railway accident. We want to make a statement in Parliament. The Railway Minister has given a notice and I spoke to both the presiding officers. The government wants to take the Opposition in confidence and inform the House," Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu told reporters outside Parliament House.
(With inputs from PTI)

Apple patents tech that rotates phone mid-air to break fall'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Apple has been granted a patent for technology that detects that a phone is about to hit the ground and rotates it mid-air to limit damage.
The US Patent and Trademark Office has issued Apple a patent for a protection system that will consist of two parts the detection and the rotation.
The phone will be able to detect that it is rapidly falling downwards and identify its distance and angle from the ground.
To do this, the patent said it will take advantage of the components, most of which are already present, such as the “accelerometer, gyroscopic sensor, distance or position sensors (eg, radar, ultrasonic, and the like), location sensors (eg, global position system, compass), image sensors (eg, camera), sound or audio sensors (eg, speakers, microphones) which may be used as a sonar combination.”
It is likely that combination of the different sensors will be responsible for the effective implementation of that function, and the patent describes a sequence in which they are activated to land on the “mathematically least vulnerable” part of the phone.
The second part is changing the phone’s trajectory. Propelling it through the air is easy enough, and can be done with the motor used to make the phone vibrate, ‘rt.com’ reported.
The patent also allows for more exotic means of propulsion, such as a gas canister secured inside “that may deploy the compressed gas outside of the device to change its orientation.”
For the perfect landing, the force used has to be precisely calibrated, but the patent said that the phone may collect data, to produce a memory bank of sudden impacts.
The application for the invention was filed in September 2011.
TAGS: Apple US Patent And Trademark Office
More from industry
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Why are mid-caps surging | Nifty at 1 25 000 by 2030: JhunjhunwalaYou are here: Home > Collections
Retail interest drives Mid and Smallcap indices to new highs
ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 10.32AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The BSE’s Midcap index…)
MUMBAI: Retail investors renewed their interest in mid- and small-cap shares as the indices hit new highs on Wednesday with many frontline shares moving in a tight band amid slowing foreign institutional inflows. Brokers and analysts said investor appetite for smaller shares is intact despite higher valuations than blue-chips because hopes are high that they would continue to outperform.
The BSE's Midcap index jumped 1.4% and the Smallcap index rose 1.6% to fresh highs on Wednesday. The Sensex closed at 28,442.71, almost unchanged over Tuesday's closing. The renewed activity in mid- and smallcap shares has come after almost two months. These shares had lost steam early in October on worries that valuations were stretched after the run-up since January. "No bad news is always good news for the market. The undercurrent is still bullish and after a period of consolidation, quality mid & smallcap stocks moved because HNIs and retail investors are buying them" said Motilal Oswal, chairman & managing director, Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
So far in 2014, the Sensex has gained nearly 34%, while the midcap index has risen 54% and the smallcap index has advanced 74%. The BSE Midcap index has outperformed the Sensex by about 26% and now trades at a premium to the benchmark.
"Midcaps have rerated versus large-caps in each and every sector over the past year. With the exception of financials, healthcare and staples, they trade at a premium to their respective larger peers," said Anantha Narayan, analyst at Credit Suisse .
Investors rushed to buy beaten down mid and smallcap stocks on Wednesday following RBI statement that it is likely to cut interest rate early next year, which could revive India's investment cycle. Mid and smallcap stocks were on the sideline for the last few weeks after a sharp rally in them since the beginning of the year.
"Domestic investors, including retail, who were waiting for some direction or trigger lapped up smaller stocks in anticipation of rate cut in the first half of next year," said Yogesh Nagaonkar, head of equity, Bonanza Portfolio.
"The buying was heavily concentrated on beaten down midcap and small-cap stocks".
Among some of the top mid and smallcap gainers on Wednesday were Bombay Burmah, Siti Cable, KRR Mills, Ahluwalia Contracts and Bharat Electronics, rising 15-20%. Shares of Sun TV, which had declined 3% in the past month, gained 13% on Wednesday.
Firstsource Solutions, which fell 15% in the last one month, surged 12%. Suzlon, MRF, Bajaj Finserv, HCC, and Eicher Moters gained between 7% and 10%. Brokers said the focus is on such shares partly because of lesser foreign institutional investor (FII) inflows into India in the last three days. FIIs typically invest in large-caps stocks, which have mostly moved on news flow of late. So far in December, the average daily foreign portfolio inflows has been Rs390 crore against Rs 800 crore in November. Analysts said retail investors see better scope of making a quick buck in mid and smallcaps due to the declining pace of FII inflows.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex gains over 250 points; ITC surges 5 per centDec 04, 2014 at  04:41pm IST
Sensex rises 120 pts, Nifty hits new peak; ITC in limelight
4
0
Mumbai: The benchmark Sensex on Thursday bounced back to end with a gain of 120 points and Nifty jumped 26.75 points after rising to new lifetime high on the back of heavy buying in ITC shares on buzz that the government will not ban sales of loose cigarettes.
Global cues were also supportive. Asian and European stocks surged on talk of global monetary stimulus ahead of a European Central Bank policy meeting that could move closer to expanded monetary easing.
ITC, the most influential stock in 30-share BSE Sensex, jumped 5.44 per cent to over six-month high on speculation that government will put on hold its proposal to ban sales of loose cigarettes. Shares of other cigarette makers like Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries also rose in 2-6 per cent range.
The benchmark Sensex on Thursday bounced back to end with a gain of 120 points and Nifty jumped 26.75 points after rising to new lifetime high on the back of heavy buying in ITC shares on buzz that the government will not ban sales of loose cigarettes.
#sensex #nifty #markets #economy
The Sensex, which had retreated from record highs by falling over 251 points in the previous three sessions, opened today on a strong footing. It quickly soared to day's high of 28,808.78. However, profit-booking at higher levels forced it to pare gains and closed at 28,562.82, up 120.11 points, or 0.42 per cent.
On similar lines the 50-share National Stock Exchange index Nifty, after scaling a new peak of 8,626.95 in early trade, closed at 8,564.40, up 26.75, or 0.31 per cent. Intra-day, the gauge breached its earlier record of 8,623 reached on December 1.
Persistent foreign capital inflows into equity market also boosted the market sentiment. Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 391.07 crore yesterday.
Besides ITC, Sensex constituents Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, ICICI Bank, Hindustan Unilever, HDFC Bank, SBI, Axis Bank, HDFC and Bajaj Auto notched up moderate gains.
Sectorally, the BSE FMCG index gained the most by rising 3 per cent, followed by Banking index 0.76 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.40 per cent, Metal index 0.29 per cent, Auto index 0.13 per cent and Power index 0.06 per cent.
Buying activity also witnessed in smallcap and midcap stocks. The BSE Small Cap index rose 0.31 per cent and the BSE Midcap index gained 0.25 per cent. Most Asian indices rose. "Chinese shares soared to multi year highs amidst steep rise in financial and oil shares and on the back of expectations of further economic stimulus measures," said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
1

NBCC gains 5%  signs MoU with Air India for developing landDec 04, 2014, 10.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
NBCC gains 5%, signs MoU with Air India for developing land
The MOU has been signed between Air India & NBCC for "development of land parcels of Air India at various locations on joint venture basis,” the PSU company said in a statement to the BSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NBCC gains 5%, signs MoU with Air India for developing land
The MOU has been signed between Air India & NBCC for "development of land parcels of Air India at various locations on joint venture basis,” the PSU company said in a statement to the BSE.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) jumped 5 percent intraday on Thursday after it signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Air India.
The MOU has been signed between Air India & NBCC for "development of land parcels of Air India at various locations on joint venture basis,” the PSU company said in a statement to the BSE.
According to Nomura estimates the MoU for the development of vacant land could translate into an USD 1 billion revenue opportunity for NBCC.
At 10:27 hrs National Buildings Construction Corporation was quoting at Rs 864.65, up Rs 32.55, or 3.91 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Chhattisgarh: Home Ministry steps in after Sukma martyrs  uniforms found in garbage dump40
7
Chhattisgarh: The Home Ministry has sought a report from Chhattisgarh government after blood-stained uniforms and shoes of some of the CRPF personnel who were killed in the Sukma Naxal attack were found in a garbage bin on the hospital premises.
"After the incident, the bodies got stiff and during the post-mortem the doctor removed uniforms through blade and put them into a bin. These uniforms are case property and are supposed to be handed over to the local police," DG CRPF RC Tayal said.
The hospital staff however, tried to pass the buck over the incident claiming that no one came to collect the uniforms. "It is the duty of the attendants of the deceased to collect their belongings but no officer from the CRPF was present during the post-mortem yesterday. In fact, no one came to collect the belongings until this morning," Dean of Dr BR Ambedkar Memorial hospital Dr Vivek Chaudhary said.
#home ministry #chhattisgarh #crpf #sukma
Meanwhile, politics has begun over the incident. District Congress chief Vikas Upadhyay and others visited Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Memorial Hospital and took away the uniforms and other belongings of the martyrs to the Congress office.
"We collected four sets of blood-stained uniforms and 10 pairs of shoes and carried those to Congress Bhawan. Later, CRPF officials came here and we handed over all the belongings to them," he added.
CRPF DG called the act a mischief by some political parties to seek advantage. "Congress workers came and took all uniforms to Ghadi Chowk and started protest and refused to give to local police. Now CRPF is going to take them," he said. He also assured probe into the incident and added that they have full respect for the martyrs.
Fourteen CRPF personnel, including two officers, were killed on Monday in a Naxal attack in the Chintagufa region of South Bastar's Sukma district.
Bodies of the slain personnel were airlifted and sent to their families on Tuesday.
108

Expanding Rs 1L Jan Dhan cover may need subsidyThe Rs 1-lakh free personal accident cover with a JDY account is valid as long as the accountholder uses the RuPay debit card once in 45 days.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The government may need to cough up a small subsidy to fund the Rs 1-lakh accident insurance cover provided under the Jan-Dhan Yojana (JDY). The present restrictive insurance terms and lack of awareness have resulted in only six claims being reported under the scheme although over 7.5 crore accounts have been opened since the scheme's launch in August this year.
The Rs 1-lakh free personal accident cover with a JDY account is valid as long as the accountholder uses the RuPay debit card once in 45 days. The government has now asked the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI), which manages the RuPay platform, to provide cover if the card is used once in 365 days.
So far, only six accident claims have been reported, which is disproportionate to the number of accounts opened. One reason for this is the time lag in issuing the cards, which has resulted in a backlog of 3.5 crore cards. Many cards have not yet been used, perhaps due to inadequate balances, which means that their insurance cover is still not activated.
The Indian Banks' Association has created a Rs 75-crore fund, of which Rs 5 crore has been contributed by NPCI and the rest by banks and financial institutions. "At present, the insurance premium is borne by NPCI and is paid out of the revenue we earn from banks when accountholders use RuPay cards," said A P Hota, MD, NPCI.
He added that this feature of linking the insurance to usage was introduced by NPCI before the launch of the scheme to promote the usage of the card. Under JDY, the government is seeking to transform the incentive scheme into a welfare scheme by ensuring continuous coverage. The government has asked NPCI to cover cardholders for 365 days after one transaction.

IITs: Intn l recruiters roll out Rs 40 crore plus salary offersFacebook
(Oracle is leading the charge,…)
MUMBAI: Top international recruiters Facebook, Oracle and Google have rolled out at least 40 offers with total compensation packages higher than Rs 1 crore at the end of only the second day of IIT campus placements, according to campus sources.
Such a large number of crore-plus offers — including cash and stock — are being offered for the first time. Oracle is leading the charge, offering up to 4,800 stock units worth $200,000 (Rs 1.24 crore), besides a $125,000 (Rs 77.5 lakh) cash component. Sources from IITBHU (Varanasi) confirmed these figures.
Sources from IIT-Delhi , IIT-Roorkee and IIT-Kanpur said some 4,000 stock options had been indicated as part of the overall package by the American multinational computer technology corporation.
Google, for Mountain View postings, rolled out a salary of $130,000 (Rs 80.4 lakh) and 250 stock units worth approximately $134,500 (Rs 83 lakh), IIT-BHU officials said.
The institute added that one student has been selected by Oracle US, and another for Google US.
Average domestic salaries at IIT campus placements this year have been in the range of Rs 10-12 lakh. Placements at the older institutes started on December 1.
Stock options are typically rolled out by companies as a retention measure and are often vested only after employees remain with the company for a specified period.
As already reported by ET, Facebook has made offers of $250,000 (Rs 1.55 crore, all-inclusive) to students at IIT-Bombay, IIT-Kharagpur and IIT-Delhi.
A student at one of the IITs who bagged an offer from Oracle said it was communicated to him that he would get a $100,000 base pay, $15,000 joining bonus and $10,000 relocation allowance.
"I was intimated that over and above this, there was also a stock component which I would get to know in the offer letter," he said.
While IIT-BHU has information on the stock options offered by Google, other placement cells said the search engine giant has not yet communicated the relevant numbers to them. However, they said Google would have a stock component in its package and Microsoft was also likely to have the same. ET could not independently reach out to Google at the time of going to print.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty @ fresh highs; Jet surges 5%  Financial Tech up 9%: top 10 betsYou are here: Home > Collections
Markets in green; top 10 stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 12.16PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share…)
NEW DELHI: The markets made fresh highs in today's trade, then briefly slipped into the red before getting back in the positive territory.
At 12:14 pm, the Sensex was at 28,487.56; up 44.85 points.
The Nifty was at 8,538.35; up 0.70 points.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
DLF Ltd: Real estate major, DLF has initiated a process to sell 50% of its subsidiary, DLF Cyber City Developers (DCCD) to raise over Rs 3,500 crores, sources with direct knowledge share.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 154.60.
Reliance Industries Ltd: The government is considering ways to recover $195.3 million from the contractor of the KG-D6 Block because it has disallowed development costs of $2.376 billion, oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan told the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent higher at Rs 968.85.
SAIL: Government will sell a 5 percent stake in state-run Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) on Friday, kicking off a disinvestment program that is crucial for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government to help cut the budget deficit.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.9 per cent lower at Rs 83.15.
MTNL: State-owned telecom firms BSNL and MTNL have incurred losses of Rs 3,785 crore and Rs 1,567 crore till September 30 in the current financial year and steps are being taken to revive them, government said today.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.2 per cent lower at Rs 28.30.
ONGC: The government is considering reworking the subsidy sharing formula for Oil and Natural Gas Corp , Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said on Wednesday, in a bid to lower its discount burden and boost the state-run oil company's profits.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 374.20.
Central Bank of India: State-owned Central Bank of India said it would raise about Rs 626 crore through preferential allotment of shares to country's largest insurer LIC to fund business growth.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent higher at Rs 80.25.
NTPC Ltd: NTPC has approached the Ministry of Environment and Forest seeking amendments to Terms of Reference (TOR) for its proposed expansion of Telangana's Ramagundam power plant to 2x800 mw.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent lower at Rs 142.10.
NMDC Ltd: India's largest iron ore miner, is putting final touches to a corporate plan that aims to raise production more than threefold to 100 million tonne (mt) by 2025. While 90% of it will be produced in India, 10% will come from NMDC's Legacy Iron Ore mines in Australia.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.14 per cent lower at Rs 138.10.
Suven Life Sciences Ltd: Pharmaceuticals firm Suven Life Sciences Ltd today said it has raised Rs 200 crore through Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) route to fund its clinical development programme and capital expenditure.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent higher at Rs 222.40.
Sadbhav Engineering Ltd: Sadbhav Infrastructure Projects has filed draft papers with the regulator Sebi for raising up to Rs 600 crore through an initial public offering.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4.7 per cent higher at Rs 277.40.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Page Ind hits life high  Barclays initiates with overweightDec 04, 2014, 11.23 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Page Ind hits life high, Barclays initiates with overweight
Bangalore-based Page Industries is the exclusive licensee of JOCKEY International Inc (USA) for manufacture and distribution of the JOCKEY brand Innerwear/Leisurewear for Men and Women in India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal and UAE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Page Ind hits life high, Barclays initiates with overweight
Bangalore-based Page Industries is the exclusive licensee of JOCKEY International Inc (USA) for manufacture and distribution of the JOCKEY brand Innerwear/Leisurewear for Men and Women in India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal and UAE.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Page Industries hit a fresh record high of Rs 10,599.15 on the Bombay Stock Exchange on Thursday, up 7.2 percent after brokerage Barclays initiated coverage of the stock with an overweight rating.
The brokerage has 12-month P/E-based price target of Rs 10,954 (13 percent potential upside) on the stock.
It expects Page’s robust earnings trajectory to be sustained (33 percent CAGR for FY14-17E despite its healthy base of 40 percent CAGR for FY09-14) on the back of its distinctive positioning among peers, its focus on innovation and sustained product portfolio expansion, and proven business model.
Bangalore-based Page Industries is the exclusive licensee of Jockey International Inc (USA) for manufacture and distribution of the JOCKEY brand Innerwear/Leisurewear for Men and Women in India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal and UAE.
It is also the exclusive licensee of Speedo International for the manufacture, marketing and distribution of the Speedo brand in India.
Barclays said with India’s per capita innerwear spending at just one quarter of the emerging market average, significant scope for market growth exists with Page appearing healthily positioned given its strong brand presence, range of innovative introductions (driving healthy volume growth), planned further global brand launches and realisations.
According to the brokerage, asset-light model and improving margins (better than peers in the apparel industry) of the company have been driving coverage-high return on equities (ROE).
At 40x FY16E earnings per share, while Page is trading above its historical valuation trajectory, Barclays believes this is justified given the strong earnings profile, returns (ROE of 53 percent in FY14 versus 25 percent for peers) and return on invested capital improving by 270 bps over the next three years.
Key risks are increasing competition from multinationals and a trend reversal in cotton prices.
At 11:14 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 10,283.55, up Rs 394.85, or 3.99 percent amid large volumes on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Wockhardt  Bosch  Strides Arcolab extend rally post F&O entryWockhardt, Bosch, Strides Arcolab extend rally post F&O entry
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 11:28 AM IST
Shares of Wockhardt, Bosch and Strides Arcolab were trading higher by up to 5%, extending past four days gain and hit their respective 52-week highs on NSE, after inclusion in derivatives segment.
At 1117 hours, Strides Arcolab and Bosch were up 5% each at Rs 972 and Rs 20,753 respectively, while Wockhardt was up 4% to Rs 1,006.
Bosch (Rs 20,888), Strides Arcolab (Rs 985) and Wockhardt (Rs 1,010) touched their respective 52-week highs during intra-day deal so far.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) had included six companies - Amtek Auto, Bosch, Engineers India, Strides Arcolab, Indiabulls Housing Finance and Wockhardt - in its futures & options (F&O) segment w.e.f. November 28.
All these stocks outperformed the market by gaining between 2-24% after inclusion in F&O segment as compared to 0.53% rise in the benchmark CNX Nifty during the same period.
Typically, stocks entering the F&O segment gain ground due to improved liquidity and absence of circuit filters in the F&O segment. However, only fundamentals will drive the stock in the medium and long-term.
In past one week, Strides Arcolab has surged 24%, while Wockhardt soared 22% followed by Bosch (15%), Engineers India (8%), Indiabulls Housing Finance (3%) and Amtek Auto (2.5%).
 

Experts want more amendments to Companies Act than cleared by CabinetExperts want more amendments to Companies Act
Deepak Patel | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 11:15 AM IST
Experts want the government to make further changes to the Companies Act than cleared by the Cabinet earlier this week. Among their demands is sparing unlisted companies from related-party transaction norms.
On Tuesday, the Cabinet had cleared 14 changes to the Companies Act, 2013, paving the way for tabling the amendments in the current session of Parliament.
ALSO READ:  Cabinet clears 14 changes to Companies Act
The Cabinet’s move to approve 14 amendments is expected to increase the ease of doing business in India, which is ranked 142nd among 189 nations on a recent World Bank list.
Through these 14 changes, the government has tried to ease provisions regarding related-party transactions, auditor reporting of frauds and companies filing their board resolutions with the Registrar of Companies, among other things.
Another demand by experts is related to a ceiling on the number of audits per partner.
“At present, it is set at a very low level (20 companies) and also requires private companies, small companies and one-person companies to be considered while determining that limit,” said Yogesh Sharma, partner (assurance), Grant Thornton India. “It is indeed proving to be a constraint on availability of auditors and we are still hopeful it will be looked into positively by the ministry in due course,” he added.
According to V Balaji, partner, Deloitte Haskins & Sells, a draft circular the corporate affairs ministry had issued for public comments in June 2014 had proposed certain exemptions for private companies. “These proposals do not appear to have been included in the amendments listed in the press release issued on Wednesday. One will have to wait and see if those proposals will also be taken up and implemented by the government,” he said.
The exemption of private companies from the provisions of related-party transactions was another demand of the corporate sector. That has not been addressed in this amendment. Pankaj Chadha, partner at a member firm of EY Global, said the relief would address many of the (industry’s) concerns, but there were other key areas — curtailment of scope of definition of relatives to include only financially dependent relatives, guarantee on loans to subsidiary companies, etc — that were not included in this amendment.
Another major demand was regarding private companies’ exemption from the mandatory audit firm rotation. According to Harinderjit Singh, partner, Price Waterhouse, subsidiaries of foreign private companies should also be exempted, as there is no public interest involved.
“Mandatory firm rotation should be limited to listed companies and public-interest entities that have taken money/deposits from public or borrowings from banks or financial institutions. Also, the applicability threshold for rotation provision for private companies is too low and should be aligned with thresholds as provided elsewhere in the Companies Act, 2013, for several other purposes,” he added.
“These changes (amendments) would come as a great relief to companies... However, there are several other areas where they would still continue to face challenges, and hope that there would be a more comprehensive post-implementation review of the Act, to address the other issues,” said Sai Venkateshwaran, partner and head of accounting advisory services at KPMG in India.
The Companies Act, 2013, was notified in August last year by the previous. Of the 470 sections in the Act, 283 sections and 22 sets of rules corresponding to such sections have so far been brought into force. This means, around 40 per cent of the Act is yet to be enforced.
The current government has been indicating for some time it would bring in necessary changes to address concerns raised by various stakeholders, including companies.
The Companies (Amendment) Bill, 2014, would now go to Parliament to bring into effect necessary amendments to the existing Act. According to sources, it is likely to be tabled in the current session.

Austerity drive may hit Air Indias bailout'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
National carrier Air India received equity infusion of Rs 4,800 crore from the government between April and October, but it may not receive the full amount originally promised to it for FY15.
A senior Air India official told FE that the debt-laden carrier had already received around 74% of the funds it was supposed to get in 2014-15 (Rs 6,500 crore), but the government’s allocation towards the debt-laden carrier’s turnaround plan had been reduced to
Rs 5,780 crore for the fiscal.
The official cited “fiscal contraction” as the reason for the government’s decision to revise downwards its share of equity infusion into the airline during the current fiscal. The central government is trying to cut down on spending to rein in the fiscal deficit.
The airline was expecting to get Rs 7,069 crore in the current fiscal from the government (Rs 6,500 crore as equity infusion and a plan allocation of Rs 569 crore) to improve its financial position.
“Air India has already requested the cut (in equity infusion) to be reversed as the entire turn around plan (TAP) of the airline depends on timely infusion of funds by the government,” the airline official said. Equity infusion by the government was also an essential factor based on which the airline has sought the Reserve Bank of India’s approval to restructure its debt, he added.
According to the turnaround plan chalked out for Air India by SBI Capital Markets in February 2012, the government was to infuse Rs 30,000 crore into the airline over nine years, starting 2012-13, on the condition that the airline meets certain operational and financial targets.
The equity infusion received by the airline during the current fiscal thus far has been used to repay loans obtained to meet working capital needs, backed by government guarantee, and interest on debt taken to purchase aircraft, the Air India
executive said.
In 2007, Air India had borrowed around $3.8 billion from domestic and international lenders to buy new planes.
“Out of the total liability of $3.8 billion incurred by the airline in 2007, about 60% has been repaid to financial institutions while the remaining will be repaid by FY20,” the official said.
Air India’s total debt stood at around Rs 40,000 crore as on September 30 — split equally between working capital debt and loans taken to buy aircarft.
Air India also recently paid off about $340 million,  or Rs 2,100 crore, worth of government-guaranteed loans, through funds generated from selling five Boeing 777 aircraft to Etihad Airways in February-March.
Air India posted a net loss of Rs 5,389 crore in FY14, almost the same level as in FY13. Operating revenues rose 20% in the same period to Rs 19,170 crore.
According to the internal targets set by the board, Air India’s operating losses for FY15 are expected to drop 39% to Rs 1,235 crore. Net loss is also estimated to come down to Rs 4,346 crore by the end of FY15.
TAGS: Air India SBI
More from companies
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Five children killed as passenger train rams into school van at unmanned crossing inUPWritten by Prashant Pandey | Mau (up) |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:23 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 2:18 am
Five children, including two siblings, aged between four and seven, were killed and seven others were critically injured when a train rammed into their school van at an unmanned level crossing at Ranipur in Mau district Thursday morning.
A woman who had hitched a ride on the van and its driver, who is being blamed for the tragedy, escaped with minor injuries.
Five of the injured children were rushed to BHU in Varanasi where doctors termed their condition critical. Most of them had serious head injuries and at least one of them had his liver ruptured, said sources.
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu, who visited the accident spot, said, if the need be, the injured children would be air-lifted to Delhi.
While urging that there should be no politics over the accident, he said an inquiry would be carried out soon. He announced compensation of Rs 2 lakh to the next of the kin of the dead, Rs 1 lakh for seriously injured and Rs 20,000 for those with minor injuries. UP Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav too announced a compensation of Rs 2.5 lakh each to the parents of deceased children and Rs 50,000 each to the injured.
Police have registered an FIR of culpable homicide not amounting to murder and other penal sections against 26-year-old van driver, Suvinder. Commissioner Azamgarh also announced a magisterial inquiry.
According to police, the van was ferrying a dozen students, of classes LKG to 2, to Dharmdev Convent School in Hadipur village in Ranipur. “The van was passing through the unmanned level crossing, nearly 3-km from the Khurhat railway station, when Azamgarh-Varanasi passenger train hit its rear. The vehicle was flung nearly 30 metres away. Four of the children died on the spot. One woman, who had hitched a ride, managed to jump off,” said police.
They said the driver allegedly did not pay heed as the children and the woman pleaded and shouted warning him about the approaching train. Admitted in a hospital, the driver claimed that he was not wearing earphones. “All the windows were locked due to cold. The children were shouting. I could have crossed over, but slowed down because, suddenly, I saw a woman in front,” he said.
The deceased children have been identified as Krishna (6), Krishna Yadav (5), Sundaram Yadav (7), Ayush (4) and Shivangi (6). Of them Krishna Yadav and Sundaram were brothers. Their third brother, Shivam,  is critcal.

Justice Department to conduct federal investigation into NYC chokeholddeathBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:23 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 6:21 pm
The Justice Department will conduct a federal investigation into the chokehold death of an unarmed black man after a grand jury in New York City declined to indict the white police officer who applied the hold, Attorney General Eric Holder said Wednesday.
The investigation will look for potential civil rights investigations in the July 17 death of Eric Garner, 43, who was confronted by the officer on suspicion of selling loose, untaxed cigarettes. A video shot by an onlooker showed Garner telling officers to leave him alone as they tried to arrest him and one then responded by wrapping his arm around Garner’s neck in what appeared to be a chokehold.
It will be similar to a separate federal investigation already underway into the August 9 shooting death in Ferguson of Michael Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old. A county grand jury in that case decided against indicting the white officer, Darren Wilson.
Calling the death a “tragedy,” Holder said it was one of “several recent incidents that have tested the sense of trust that must exist between law enforcement and the communities they are charged to serve and protect.” The death occurred weeks before the deadly police shooting in Ferguson, Missouri, a case also under investigation by the Justice Department and in which a local grand jury last week not issue an indictment.
The cases together have contributed to a national discussion about use of excessive force by police and their treatment of minorities.
“This is not a New York issue or a Ferguson issue alone,” Holder told reporters late Wednesday. “Those who have protested peacefully across our great nation following the grand jury’s decision in Ferguson have made that clear.”
Separately, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said he had spoken with Holder and Loretta Lynch, the U.S. attorney for the eastern district of New York who has been nominated as Holder’s successor, and was told that the federal investigation into the death will now move forward.
The federal investigation was announced hours after a New York grand jury chose not to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo. The grand jury could have considered multiple charges, from murder to a lesser offense such as reckless endangerment, but Staten Island District Attorney Daniel Donovan said jurors found “no reasonable cause” to bring charges. The Justice Department had been monitoring the outcome of the local investigation before announcing its own probe.
The federal investigation into the case will look for potential federal civil rights violations in Garner’s death, which led to demonstrations in New York.
To mount a prosecution in police misconduct cases, federal officials continued…

In kitchen for 19 000 students  broken untensils  untrainedworkersSpace in the basement of Shivalikview Hotel, where mid-day meals for 19,000 students are prepared. (Source: Express photo by Sahil Walia)
Chandigarh |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:22 pm
By VIVEK GUPTA
Dingy rooms, discoloured walls, broken utensils, untrained workers and inadequate storage make the CITCO’s central kitchen, located in the basement of the Shivalikview Hotel in Sector 17, which prepares mid-day meals for over 19,000 students every day.
A day after insects were found in the rice meal meant for over 9,000 students, Chandigarh Newsline conducted a check and found that the kitchen has just one room both for cooking the meal and washing the utensils. The floor is crammed with utensils, and one could not walk inside the cooking area. Directions issued by the Ministry of Human Resource Development say that the mid-day meal kitchen should be spacious and hygienic.
The two storage rooms in the kitchen do not have direct electricity supply. There is no place where the workers can sit and clean rice before it is cooked.
In a letter to CITCO officials, the Education Department’s midday meal inspector R K Sangwan had said that over 80 per cent of the utensils in the kitchen are broken. Some do not have handles, other have lids which are cracked. “A fly catcher is also required in the kitchen,” he wrote in one of the letters.
Satish Kumar, DGM of the Shivalikview Hotel, who heads the mid-day meal kitchen, admitted that inadequate space is the root cause of unhygienic conditions. “We used to make mid-day meal for 12,000 students but Education Department later increased our load to 19,000 students which we are finding it difficult to manage in this space,” he said.
He said CITCO had, in the past, written to the Education Department to reduce the kitchen’s load, but there was no response. CITCO was considering a proposal to shift the kitchen to a more spacious place, he added.
CITCO Mananging Director Kavita Singh, who recently took charge, said, “The health of the students is our major priority and all required steps would be taken.”
While CITCO hasn’t provided the proper infrastructure, the workers hired by the contractor Sukhbir Singh Bir can be seen cooking without gloves and headgears, contrary to the hygiene norms of the MHRD.

This video captures 100 years of makeup trends in oneminuteWritten by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:17 pm
One lady, one beauty team and ten makeup variations. Cut Video presents a fascinating video for fashion lovers that capture 10 decades of fashion in a single minute.
Warning: You might end up watching this one-minute video 2-3 times, as you would notice a new thing every time.
These are the 10 looks that the video captures:
1. 1910

ONGC up 2%; Citi maintains buy rating  sees 25% upsideDec 04, 2014, 11.51 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ONGC up 2%; Citi maintains buy rating, sees 25% upside
ONGC's net realisations could improve to USD 59 per barrel and earnings per share (EPS) to Rs 42 per share, assuming crude is at USD 80/bbl and upstream companies bearing an equitable 50 percent of the burden.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ONGC up 2%; Citi maintains buy rating, sees 25% upside
ONGC's net realisations could improve to USD 59 per barrel and earnings per share (EPS) to Rs 42 per share, assuming crude is at USD 80/bbl and upstream companies bearing an equitable 50 percent of the burden.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  ONGC rose 2 percent intraday on Thursday as Citi maintains bullish stance on the stock expecting a new subsidy sharing formula. The brokerage has a buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 440 per share.
“A new subsidy sharing formula could be a material positive for the upstream state-owned enterprises (SOEs) especially for ONGC, which has underperformed both the broader market (by 22 percent) and its smaller peer  OIL (by 10 percent) in the last three months on the back of the overhang of the upcoming share sale and amidst the backdrop of the recent steep fall in global crude prices which could hurt upstream SOEs unless their subsidy burden falls commensurately,” Citi says in a note.
It also adds that ONGC’s net realisations could improve to USD 59 per barrel and earnings per share (EPS) to Rs 42 per share, assuming crude is at USD 80/bbl and upstream companies bearing an equitable 50 percent of the burden. “At the same 11x target multiple, this could see ONGC’s fair value rising to Rs 460 per share an upside of 25 percent from current levels,” the brokerage elaborates.
At 11:13 hrs Oil and Natural Gas Corporation was quoting at Rs 374.05, up Rs 2.15, or 0.58 percent on the BSE.
(Posted by Nasrin Sultana)

Modi concedes to pressure by opposition parties  says he strongly criticises remark by the BJP ministerDec 04, 2014 at  07:28pm IST
Under pressure from opposition parties, Modi says he strongly criticises BJP minister's remarks
10
0
New Delhi: Forced to bow down to pressure from political parties, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday made a statement on the floor of the Rajya Sabha strongly criticising his minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti's controversial remarks.
"We should follow restrain in our language and be in our limits. I have disapproved the kind of language used by the minister in strongest terms. The minister has apologised and the House should gracefully accept that and carry forward its business in national interest. In the heat of elections leaders should avoid using such language," Modi said.
The Prime Minister said Jyoti is a first time minister and a new member of Parliament and the House should show magnanimity by accepting her apology considering this. Modi also said that after the minister's apology the matter should rest and the House resume its normal functioning.
#narendra modi #sadvi #sadhvi niranjan jyoti #bjp
Despite Modi making the statement, opposition parties refused to allow Parliament to function. Congress said that an apology is not enough and a thorough probe should be conducted into the matter.
"I want the Prime Minister to listen to us. We respect Parliament and law. The ministers take oath to respect the constitution. We must look into the statement and inquire into it," Congress MP Anand Sharma said in the Rajya Sabha.
The Congress leaders also maintained that they are not satisfied with Modi's statement. "We aren't satisfied with the statement. We want concrete action and that is sacking of the minister. A mere statement isn't enough,"  Congress leader Ashwani Kumar said.
In the Rajya Sabha, CPIM leader Sitaram Yechury also refused to accept the minister's apology. "The minister's statement in the House after the remark was not an apology. If she has apologised, it means she accepts that law was violated so action must be taken. How can she stay as a minister? She should step down," Yechury said.
956

Intel to invest $1.6 bn in China factoryIntel to invest $1.6 bn in China factory
Reuters
Tweet
BEIJING, Dec 4:  
Intel Corp will invest $1.6 billion to upgrade its factory in the city of Chengdu in western China, the latest sign of how the chipmaker is deepening ties in a market that is proving increasingly troublesome for some U.S. technology peers.
As part of the upgrade, Intel said in a statement on Thursday it would bring its most advanced chip-testing technology to China. In exchange it will receive local and regional government support for construction.
"Deploying our newest advanced testing technology in China shows our commitment to innovating jointly with China," Intel executive vice president William Holt said in the statement. "The fully upgraded Chengdu plant will help the Chinese semiconductor industry and boost regional economic growth."
The announcement comes three months after Intel purchased a minority stake in a government-controlled semiconductor company to jointly design and distribute mobile chips, an industry that China considers to be of strategic importance.
Intel's fortunes in China contrast with the travails of its rival, Qualcomm Inc, which is expected to announce in the coming days a potentially record-breaking settlement with Chinese antitrust regulators.
China's investigation into San Diego-based Qualcomm, as well as a spate of recent probes against firms including Microsoft Corp, has prompted an outcry from foreign business lobbies. They say the Chinese government is increasingly adopting strong-arm tactics to yield technology-sharing or other arrangements beneficial to domestic industry.
The government, meanwhile, has defended its regulatory scrutiny as even-handed. It has pointed to a history of Qualcomm and Microsoft facing similar antitrust probes in Western countries.
Analysts say there is a broad recognition that foreign companies must do more to stay in China's good graces.
"Intel's taking the approach that's appreciated by the Chinese government," Nomura analyst Leping Huang said. "These days if you want to make money in China, you have to invest in China."
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Nickel climbs by 1.4% on firm demandNickel climbs by 1.4% on firm demand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 11:51 AM IST
Nickel prices shot up by 1.38% to Rs 1,050.30 per kg in the futures market today as speculators enlarged their positions, tracking a firming trend in spot market on increased demand from alloy-makers.
Besides, an encouraging trend in copper and other base metals in the global markets supported the upside.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, nickel for delivery in far-month January gained Rs 14.30, or 1.38%, to Rs 1,050.30 per kg in business turnover of 73 lots.
The metal for delivery in December rose by Rs 13.80, or 1.34%, to trade at Rs 1,043.50 per kg in 1,484 lots.
Market analysts said apart from increased domestic demand from alloy-makers, firmness in the base metals pack at the London Metal Exchange (LME) influenced nickel prices at futures trade.
Globally, nickel prices at the LME rose as much as 1.5% after climbing to $16,698, the highest since November 24, in yesterday's trade following Indonesia's Constitutional Court's decision to uphold a ban on exporting unprocessed ores.

MC plans 21 sites for religious and politicalhoardingsWritten by Divya Goyal | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:37 pm
In a bid to end the menace of political and religious illegal hoardings dotting the entire city, the Ludhiana Municipal Corporation has finalised 21 sites in the city, allowing two hoardings each for religious and political advertising.
Earlier, 21 sites were finalised for religious hoardings only but now MC has decided to club sites for political hoardings too.
The step comes after a rap from the Punjab and Haryana High Court which has asked the MC to remove illegal hoardings within 15 days and now the MC has to submit the final status report on December 5 in the court.
The affect of HC rap can be gauged from the fact that the MC finally woke up on Tuesday and removed more than 400 illegal hoardings from the city. The action continued on Wednesday and hundreds of illegal hoardings were removed from various areas.
However, the policy for political hoardings was still not finalised giving tough times to MC officials because of pressure from various party leaders.
On Wednesday, sources confirmed that MC commissioner Pradeep Aggarwal has given the nod to 21 sites allowing 42 hoardings (2 per site) for religious and political purposes.
Acting on HC orders, MC also issued public notice to all shopkeepers and commercial establishments in city to remove their hoardings within two days or else MC will remove them.
HC in its orders dated November 21 had said, “It has been made clear to the MC Ludhiana, that in case illegal hoardings and outdoor advertisements are not removed by next date of hearing, a court commissioner would be appointed to inspect the sites and in case the report reveals infractions, the officer(s) would be held responsible.”
The situation turned tough for MC officials as orders of deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal said that not a single hoarding with his photo should be visible in city whereas the local leadership of all parties make hue and cry when MC takes action against illegal political or religious hoardings.
Source from MC’s tehbazaari wing confirmed, “A meeting was held on Wednesday with MC commissioner and it was noticed that political leaders generally put their huge photos on religious hoardings too. The idea was floated to club the sites for both as generally clients are the same.” It is also being considered to increase number of sites from 21 to 30 for religious and political hoardings, said the source. “Leaders will make hue and cry for 21 sites falling short so we may increase the number a bit,” he said.
Assistant commissioner Satwant Singh, who will file affidavit in HC on MC’s behalf, said, “We are planning policy for religious and political sites and list of 21 sites will be out soon.” He added that more than 600 illegal hoardings continued…

DC conducts surprise check at Zone D office  issueswarningsBy: Express News Service | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:29 pm
Deputy Commissioner Rajat Agarwal conducted surprise checks at Ludhiana Municipal Corporation’s Zone D office in Sarabha Nagar on Wednesday. District food and civil supplies conroller -DFSC (West) Lovekesh Sharma, was among 36 other officials found absent while 30 officials came late. Accompanied by senior District Administration and MC officials, the DC checked offices of both MC and Food and Civil Supplies.
The DC reached the Zone D office around 9:05 am and found several officials reporting late for duty. He entered the MC office and made a staff member sit at the main gate so that he can note the time of employees reporting late and even got all the back doors closed. DFSC (Easte) Sona Thind had gone to Khanna as per the attendance register details.
During the check, 30 officials (12 from MC and 18 from DFSC offices) reported late on duty, 36 officials (24 from DFSC offices and 12 from MC) were found absent, 28 officials (13 from DFSC offices and 15 from MC) were found on leave. Of the 240 staff in both MC and DFSC offices, only 146 officials were present.
Of the 89 employees in DFSC (East and West) offices, only 34 were present and of 151 employees in MC Zone D office, 112 were present.
The DC said that all officials found either absent or those who reported late for duty would be issued warnings. “And if they repeat it in the future, we would take action against them.”
While talking to mediapersons, the DC asserted that all officials working in government offices should report on time. “This is the last and final warning and if next time I find any official reporting late, action would be taken against him,” the DC said.

Alia Bhatt talks about working with Shahid Kapoor and Ranbir KapoornextBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:29 pm
Having worked with most of the A-listers from her generation of actors including Sidharth Malhotra, Varun Dhawan, Arjun Kapoor… Alia Bhatt has now moved on to the next generation of actors. In her next two releases to be directed by Vikas Bahl and Ayan Mukerji, Alia is paired with Shahid Kapoor and Ranbir Kapoor, respectively.
Though she is tight-lipped about the project with Sushant Singh Rajput to be directed by Homi Adjania, Alia Bhatt happily admits to being part of Ayan Mukerji’s next film starring his best friend Ranbir Kapoor who has featured in both the directors’ films (Wake Up, Sid and Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani) so far.
Says Alia Bhatt, “I had three releases in 2014 and I’m shooting for one film ‘Shandaar’. Besides this, the only project I am officially part of is the film directed by Ayan Mukerji with Ranbir Kapoor in the lead.”
Alia is looking forward to working with Ranbir Kapoor who had wonderful things to say about her after Imtiaz Ali’s ‘Highway’.
Hopefully she will be working with the Khan generation of superstars soon. “I hope so,” Alia Bhatt laughs. “I want to work with all of them. It is very important to be seen with different co-stars. I’ve so far worked with actors my own age. So there was a natural comfort level with them. But it’s not like Shahid is any different from Varun Dhawan, Arjun Kapoor or Sidharth Malhotra.”
Alia is all praise for Shahid Kapoor with whom she shot in Leeds for ‘Shandaar’, “He is a very chilled-out guy. He has been around for so many years. He’s a thorough professional. I really enjoyed working with him.”

In kitchen for 19 000 students  broken untensils  untrained workersSpace in the basement of Shivalikview Hotel, where mid-day meals for 19,000 students are prepared. (Source: Express photo by Sahil Walia)
Chandigarh |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:22 pm
By VIVEK GUPTA
Dingy rooms, discoloured walls, broken utensils, untrained workers and inadequate storage make the CITCO’s central kitchen, located in the basement of the Shivalikview Hotel in Sector 17, which prepares mid-day meals for over 19,000 students every day.
A day after insects were found in the rice meal meant for over 9,000 students, Chandigarh Newsline conducted a check and found that the kitchen has just one room both for cooking the meal and washing the utensils. The floor is crammed with utensils, and one could not walk inside the cooking area. Directions issued by the Ministry of Human Resource Development say that the mid-day meal kitchen should be spacious and hygienic.
The two storage rooms in the kitchen do not have direct electricity supply. There is no place where the workers can sit and clean rice before it is cooked.
In a letter to CITCO officials, the Education Department’s midday meal inspector R K Sangwan had said that over 80 per cent of the utensils in the kitchen are broken. Some do not have handles, other have lids which are cracked. “A fly catcher is also required in the kitchen,” he wrote in one of the letters.
Satish Kumar, DGM of the Shivalikview Hotel, who heads the mid-day meal kitchen, admitted that inadequate space is the root cause of unhygienic conditions. “We used to make mid-day meal for 12,000 students but Education Department later increased our load to 19,000 students which we are finding it difficult to manage in this space,” he said.
He said CITCO had, in the past, written to the Education Department to reduce the kitchen’s load, but there was no response. CITCO was considering a proposal to shift the kitchen to a more spacious place, he added.
CITCO Mananging Director Kavita Singh, who recently took charge, said, “The health of the students is our major priority and all required steps would be taken.”
While CITCO hasn’t provided the proper infrastructure, the workers hired by the contractor Sukhbir Singh Bir can be seen cooking without gloves and headgears, contrary to the hygiene norms of the MHRD.

Sadbhav Engg surges 7% as arm files for IPO | ITC up 6% as ban on loose sticks is put offSadbhav Engineering surges over 7% as arm files for IPO
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 05.53PM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(At 10:15 a.m.; the stock…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Sadbhav Engineering surged in trade after its subsidiary Sadbhav Infrastructure Project filed papers for initial public offering.
The stock gained 7.5 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 284.75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
The stock, however, pared initial gains to close the day at Rs 267.35; up 0.94 per cent.
"Sadbhav Infrastructure Project Limited, a subsidiary of Sadbhav Engineering Limited , has filed its draft red herring prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI ) on December 03, 2014 in order to undertake an initial public offering of its equity shares," the company said in a filing to the stock exchanges.
The Issue consists of a fresh issue of equity shares of Rs 10 each aggregating up to Rs 600 crore and an offer for sale of up to 16,178,811 equity shares by Xander Investment Holding XVII and up to 16,178,811 equity shares by Norwest Venture Partners VII-A-Mauritius.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Stray cattle still rattle road-usersThe stray cattle impounded by the staff of the Puducherry Municipality. Photo: T. Singaravelou
Dairy farmers stage protest after municipal officials impounded cattle
The Puducherry Municipality personnel impounded 25 stray cattle on Tuesday night from JN Street, Kosakadai Street and Bharathi Street, leading to protests from dairy farmers. However, stakeholders are yet to hammer out a solution to the stray cattle menace.
K. Coumarane, Veterinary Medical Officer, Puducherry Municipality, said, “None of the dairy farmers in Puducherry have a licence, while it is mandatory to have one to keep a four-legged animal. Stray cattle cause road accidents and owners have been told several times not to let their cattle roam freely on the roads. Owners often pay fine and repeat the offence. With a licence, there are stipulations on the space where the cattle can be housed. Many of the farmers keep more cattle than they can.”
Dairy farmers said that with increasing urbanisation and loss of grazing area, they have no option but to let the cattle on the roads. They also alleged that there was insufficient medicine and feed with the Animal Husbandry and Animal Welfare Department. “Why does the municipality staff members impound our cattle at night? They are kept in the shelter in poor conditions and suffer,” one of the farmers said.
The stray cattle are found eating from garbage bins and often consume hazardous plastic bags, a staffer of the municipality said. Some of them suggested that a community shed be built for the farmers where the cattle can graze.

Here are Rishi Kohli s few trading ideasLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are Rishi Kohli's few trading ideas
Watch the interview of Rishi Kohli, MD & CEO of ProAlpha Systematic Capital with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here
Watch the interview of Rishi Kohli, MD & CEO of ProAlpha Systematic Capital with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Following is the verbatim transcript of Rishi Kohli's interview with CNBC-TV18:
IFCI
IFCI  is interesting where in the near term it had given some upmove but after that it consolidated well above many long-term moving averages. It has some interesting long-term pattern also on the weekly and monthly charts and therefore it is given a target of around Rs 50 with a stoploss of Rs 36. So it is a pretty good risk reward right now.
Hindustan Construction Company
Hindustan Construction Company  (HCC) consolidated well about the 50 months moving average and sort of on the way it has given a quick first up move and consolidated. It looks ready for the next leg up. Therefore we are getting a target of around Rs 40 with stoploss of Rs 3 from here.
Siemens
Siemens  is looking interesting, it is heading towards Rs 1,000 so the Rs 1,000 is a long-term resistance level. However based on the patterns it could cross it this time and if it does then you could see a very quick 20 percent flair up in that, so I would watch out for that among the larger names.
RELATED NEWS

Precious metals shinePrecious metals shine
NCR-based M3M to acquire land from ailing Sahara groupNCR-based M3M to acquire land from ailing Sahara group
Gold futures fall 0.23% on global cuesGold futures fall 0.23% on global cues
The simple economics of oil; $75/bbl range will not last foreverThe simple economics of oil; $75/bbl range will not last forever
Polished Diamond Suppliers Reduce Prices in November RapNet Diamond Index (RAPI) for 1ct. -1.7%Polished Diamond Suppliers Reduce Prices in November RapNet Diamond Index (RAPI) for 1ct. -1.7%
Asian Paints looks positive: AstromoneyguruAsian Paints looks positive: Astromoneyguru
BOND REPORT: 10-year Treasury Yield Flat After Mixed DataBOND REPORT: 10-year Treasury Yield Flat After Mixed Data
IS beheads four Christian children for refusing to convert to IslamIS beheads four Christian children for refusing to convert to Islam
Sail slips after Govt announces 5% stake saleSail slips after Govt announces 5% stake sale
Look at sail increased 1.6 rs from the rate recommended that why sugge...New Member
18 Followers
look at Sail increased 1.6 rs from the rate recommended that why suggested look at opportunity and share in open forum if u have like this
In reply to : dharashiv message
12.59 PM Dec 4th

If every dip from highs were to turn into a correction  we would go no...Reposted about 12 days 12 hrs 29 min 12 sec ago by New Boarder
Warren buffet`s golden rules of investment-
Rule 1- Never lose money.
Rule 2- Never forget Rule 1.
Today Nifty opened at all time highs and is now down around 80pts from the day`s high. This makes me believe that a correction is round the corner now, as we have had  a monster rally from 7700 to 8600 in last 2 months. So  after a 900 point rally, a 300 point correction is easily possible.
As for JBMA, i believe more downside is likely in the short term, but i will look to buy some more of this stock, only once i am fully convinced that it has bottomed out.
12.55 PM Dec 4th

Sry .. typo mistake .. above 1094 spot .. hdfc will flyGold Member
16 Followers
1094 ---- 1108 .. I exited as safe intraday trade .. but HDFC looking good for more .. tomorrow I will enter it again if it moves above 1120 futures ..
In reply to : Stock_Idea87 message
2.57 PM Dec 4th

If i am not wrong  company goes to cdr when they donot have funds to r...Platinum Member
912 Followers
SBI Loan procedure is much tiugher in comparision to other PSU banks. Granting ofloan by SBI is itself a confidence in company profile. Company has bought a big ferro alloy and chrome factory and will use reserveand loan and some personnel capital. This is a big move by this small company. Now I am betterly confident that my Target of 150 in two years may be achirved earlier also.
In reply to : saurabhradhe message
7.32 PM Dec 3rd

Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti has apologised; House should now function: ModiSadhvi Niranjan Jyoti has apologised; House should now function: Modi
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 12:30 PM IST
Breaking his silence, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today 'strongly disapproved' of Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti's controversial remarks, saying such language should be avoided.
With Opposition stalling proceedings in Rajya Sabha for past three days demanding sacking of the minister, Modi appealed to members to allow the House to function in national interest as she has already apologised.
"I was informed about the statement which caused the controversy on the day BJP Parliamentary Party was to meet. In the meeting I strongly disapproved of the remarks and I said we should avoid using such language," he said.
In election heat, he said, leaders should avoid using such language.
Modi said after the minister's apology the matter should rest and the House resume in normal functioning.
The Prime Minister said Jyoti is a first time minister and a new member of Parliament and the House should show magnanimity by accepting her apology considering this.
"When the Minister has apologised, I appeal and request the House (to resume normal business)... In national interest, we must carry forward work (of the House)," he said, adding members should maintain decorum.
Modi said he shared the view that after the minister's apology, the matter should be considered closed.

Banks may be allowed to raise equity holdings in troubled projects: RajanBanks may be allowed to raise equity holdings in troubled projects, says Raghuram Rajan
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 08:56 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan (Photo: Reuters)
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday said banks may be soon allowed to increase their equity holdings above the current cap of 10 per cent in companies undergoing debt restructuring.
The central bank is planning to unveil two measures to enable more productive loan restructuring, he said, adding that it is also mulling extending the 5/25 rule for fresh lending.
This rule enables a bank to extend loans to an infra developer for 25 years with an option to rewrite or reset the terms of the loan or transfer it to another bank or financial institution after five years.
It ensures that tenure of the loan matches the life cycle of the underlying asset. In the next few days, I hope to announce two key relaxations.
One is a move towards 5/25 restructuring for existing projects which are standard and also to allow banks to take equity in restructuring to a greater extent than they currently can, Rajan said, addressing the media after announcing the bi-monthly policy wherein he left all the key policy rates unchanged.
There is a substantial financial stress in some sectors. We have been taking a holistic view instead of a sector by sector approach keeping in mind the need for a financial restructuring while limiting the extent of forbearance, he said.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had in the Budget proposed that he would ease the financing structure for infrastructure projects by introducing the 5/25 rule which allows to let bank to lend money to a developer for up to 25 years.
Bad loans and restructured loans together constitute more than 10.4 per cent of the banking system assets as of the September quarter, with some state-run banks like Central Bank having such dud assets over 20 per cent, while nearly half of them have it between 15 per cent and 19 per cent.
Last fiscal as much as 20 per cent of all infra loans were restructured. As that as of March 2014, infrastructure loans worth around over Rs 57,200 crore were under corporate debt restructuring.
Rajan explained that as part of a restructuring process, banks' holding in a company had been capped at 10 per cent through a notification issued in May 2013.
Meanwhile during the con-call with the analysts, RBI Deputy Governor S S Mundra, said: In the whole restructuring process, if enterprise is viable and banks are putting a package and if they are taking a higher write-off or haircut in shape of debt, I think there is merit that they can in point of time converted into equity.
It also has another advantage, that in such cases if there is a turnaround, then the upside is going to promoters alone but when the proportion is high, some of the upside can spillover to the bank.

Rattled by China  India rebuilding submarine fleetSanjeev Miglani and Tommy Wilkes     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 14:20 IST
Photo: Reuters
India is speeding up a navy modernisation programme and leaning on its neighbours to curb Chinese submarine activity in the Indian Ocean, as nations in the region become increasingly jittery over Beijing's growing undersea prowess.
Just months after a stand-off along the disputed border dividing India and China in the Himalayas, Chinese submarines have shown up in Sri Lanka, the island nation off India's southern coast. China has also strengthened ties with the Maldives, the Indian Ocean archipelago.
China's moves reflect its determination to beef up its presence in the Indian Ocean, through which four-fifths of its oil imports pass, and coincides with escalating tension in the disputed South China Sea, where Beijing's naval superiority has rattled its neighbours.
"We should be worried the way we have run down our submarine fleet. But with China bearing down on us, the way it is on the Himalayas, the South China Sea and now the Indian Ocean, we should be even more worried," said Arun Prakash, former chief of the Indian navy.
"Fortunately, there are signs this government has woken up to the crisis," he said. "But it will take time to rebuild. We should hope that we don't get into a face-off with the Chinese, that our diplomacy and alliances will keep things in check."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government has ordered an accelerated tendering process to build six conventional diesel-electric submarines at an estimated cost of Rs 50,000 crore ($8.1 billion), in addition to six similar submarines that French firm DCNS is assembling in Mumbai port to replace a nearly 30-year-old fleet hit by a run of accidents.
The country's first indigenously built nuclear submarine - loaded with nuclear-tipped missiles and headed for sea trials this month - joins the fleet in late 2016. India leased a nuclear-propelled submarine from Russia in 2012 and is in talks to lease a second one, navy officials told Reuters.
The government has already turned to industrial group Larsen & Toubro Ltd, which built the hull for the first domestic nuclear submarine, to manufacture two more, sources with knowledge of the matter said.
Elsewhere in the region, Australia is planning to buy up to 12 stealth submarines from Japan, while Vietnam plans to acquire as many as four additional Kilo-class submarines to add to its current fleet of two. Taiwan is seeking U.S. technology to build up its own submarine fleet.
Japan, locked in a dispute with China over islands claimed by both nations, is increasing its fleet of diesel-electric attack submarines to 22 from 16 over the next decade or so.
OUTNUMBERED
In addition to the leased Russian nuclear-propelled submarine, India's navy currently has 13 ageing diesel-electric submarines, only half of which are operational at any given time due to refits. Last year, one of its submarines sank after explosions and a fire while it was docked in Mumbai.
China is estimated to have 60 conventional submarines and 10 nuclear-powered submarines, including three armed with nuclear weapons.
Ma Jiali, an expert at the China Reform Forum's Centre for Strategic Studies which is affiliated with the Central Party School, said Beijing's top concern in the Indian Ocean was safeguarding the passage of its commodities, especially oil.
"There are many voices in India who believe the Indian Ocean belongs solely to India, and no other country belongs there. That line of thought is common - but of course it shouldn't be viewed like that. Our (China's) view is that there should be dialogue and discussion between China and India."
With India building its navy to about 150 ships, including two aircraft carriers, and China holding around 800 in its naval fleet, the two are more likely than not to run into each other, naval officials and experts say.
David Brewster, a strategic affairs visiting fellow at the Australian National University, said India will do everything it can to recover its dominant position in the Indian Ocean.
It may seek naval cooperation with Japan and Australia, and expand a military base on the Andaman Islands which lie about 140 km (87 miles) from the Malacca Straits, he said.
"India sees the presence of any Chinese naval vessel as an intrusion. There is a big ramp-up in their presence, which is clearly intended to send a message to India," said Brewster.
India has engaged in intense diplomacy with Sri Lanka about the Chinese submarine presence, reminding it that New Delhi must be informed of such port calls under a maritime pact they signed this year along with the Maldives.
India has also muscled into an $8 billion deep water port that Bangladesh wants to develop in Sonadia in the Bay of Bengal, with the Adani Group submitting a proposal in October. China Harbour Engineering Company, an early bidder, was the front-runner.
"If China continues down this path and continues with this level of presence in the Indian Ocean then the Indians will feel they need to respond," said Brewster.
(Additional reporting by Megha Rajagopalan in Beijing, Ruma Paul in Dhaka and Tim Kelly in Tokyo)
(Reuters)

Book review: Is Ideal Wife an ideal read For Bollywood masala lovers  it isWritten by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 3, 2014 2:58 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 3:23 pm
A film works only because of three reasons – entertainment, entertainment and entertainment. Could this be true for Books also?
The lines from Vidya Balan’s masala blockbuster The Dirty Picture was the sole motivation for short filmmaker Sanjay Grover, who turned author with An Ideal Wife on his nephew’s request. He admits he can “barely write proper English” in the Preface of the book.
You pretty much make up your mind whether to go ahead with the book or not after reading the Preface. And if you do decide to read the book, you have no false expectations. The book is exactly what it promises in the preface – entertainment, entertainment and entertainment. Don’t expect anything more than that. You’d be in for disappointment.
The colloquial language, filmy twists & turns and the treatment of the book appalls you in the beginning, but then to your own surprise, you start to enjoy the flow of the book (only if you could keep your brain in a freezer). If at all we can compare this book with anything, it would be with Bollywood’s 100-cr mindless blockbusters.
Bollywood masala fans can continue reading. Literature lovers can look the other way.
This is what the book is about.
Happy-go-lucky, hardworking, successful, helpful and honest to the core, the protagonist of the book Sameer is looking for an Ideal Wife. Good at winning bets, this time Sameer finds himself in a sticky situation when he makes a bet with his friend that he would marry his ideal woman within a year. The list of his ideal wife’s qualities is long and the time is running out. This would be the first bet Sameer might lose and it’s killing him. No more happy, Sameer even starts to avoid work. He even turns a blind eye to people who were used to his helpful ways. A Dwarf God in God’s kingdom is perturbed to see his follower falling on the wrong path and decides to help him by finding his Ideal Wife. The trick? Sameer’s Ideal Wife doesn’t exist on Earth.
If you are a sucker for logicless yet entertaining stories, this is an ideal read for you.

Govt to divest 5 per cent stake in SAIL on Dec 5Govt to divest 5 per cent stake in SAIL on December 5
Aman Shah     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 19:45 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
The government will sell a 5 per cent stake in state-owned Steel Authority of India ( SAIL ) on Friday, kicking off an ambitious disinvestment program that is crucial for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government to help trim the budget deficit.
The stake sale, which is worth US $286 million at the scrip's closing level on Wednesday, would mark the first stake sale under the new government, which won a landslide election in May largely on a promise of economic growth.
The government, which has an 80 per cent stake in SAIL, plans to sell up to 206.5 million shares through an auction on the domestic stock exchanges , according to a regulatory filing on Wednesday.
The government, which has targeted to raise about US $9.5 billion through its disinvestment in public sector companies by March, is counting on a 5 per cent stake sale in Oil and Natural Gas Corp ( ONGC ) and a 10 per cent stake sale in Coal India (CIL) for the bulk of the proceeds.
(Reuters)

Watch Baby trailer: There is no baby in Akshay Kumar s action thrillerComments
After trending on Twitter for more than a week, the first trailer of Akshay Kumar's next film, Baby is out. In a tightly-knit teaser, director Neeraj Pandey packages the thrill of a terror plot and peppers it with some political sizzle.
  
Akshay Kumar in a still from Baby.
A poster of Baby.
Anupam Kher, who marks his hat-trick with Neeraj Pandey (A Wednesday, Special 26 and now Baby), is the tech support of the unit in Baby
Rana Daggubati in a still from Baby.
Danny Denzongpa essays the role of master strategist and chief of an undercover unit in Baby.
Pakistani actor Rashid Naz in a still from Baby.
Directed by Neeraj Pandey of A Wednesday and Special 26 fame, Baby is an action thriller where Akshay Kumar once again takes on 'terrorists and corruption in the society'. Tapsee Pannu also features in the movie.
Pakistani actor Rashid Naz plays Maulana Abdul Rahman, the mastermind and founder of a terrorist group that has with operations all over the world. The trailer begins with Naz's haunting voice as he says, "Jab tak Kashmir se India wapas nahi jata, tab tak Rahman aapki giraft mein nahi ayega."
Danny Denzongpa essays the role of master strategist and chief of an undercover unit. Rana Daggubati plays another member of the unit while Anupam Kher, who marks his hat-trick with Neeraj Pandey (A Wednesday, Special 26 and now Baby), is the tech support of the unit in Baby.
At one point, Kay Kay Menon, who has a cameo in Baby, is seen behind the bars saying, "Suna hai Kasab ko AC wala kamra diye the ye log, usase to jada hi kiye hain hum."
However, the trailer does not reveal who or what 'BABY' is.
Produced by Bhushan Kumar, Krishan Kumar, Shital Bhatia, Cape of Good Films and Crouching Tiger, the film is slated to hit theatres on January 15, 2015.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

Govt distances itself from Harsh Vardhan s activism on banning sale of loose cigarettesGovt distances itself from Harsh Vardhan's activism on banning sale of loose cigarettes
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 12:46 AM IST
The Narendra Modi-led government wants to distance itself from the “activism” shown by Harsh Vardhan during his five-month tenure as the health minister on the issue of banning sale of loose cigarettes. The government said on Wednesday it favoured wider consultations between all stakeholders before bringing any amendments to the existing laws to restrict the sale of loose cigarettes or increase penalties for violations.
According to government sources, the idea of banning sale of loose cigarettes has been put on hold. They said any decision on the same or demands from activist groups that tobacco and areca nut cultivation be restricted will only be taken after factoring in “commercial interests and interests of farmers”.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu had convened a meeting on Tuesday to discuss “problems being faced by tobacco and arecanut growing farmers of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka”. The meeting asked the new health minister, J P Nadda, who replaced Vardhan in the Cabinet reshuffle in early November, not to take any “hasty decision” on amending the Cigarettes and other Tobacco Products Act.
The meeting acknowledged the numerous representations by tobacco-growing farmers’ associations of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh about the adverse impact on their livelihood because of the proposed amendments in the Act. The meeting was attended by Nadda, chemicals and fertilisers minister Ananth Kumar, commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman, former Karnataka chief minister and member of Parliament (MP) B S Yeddyurappa, and MPs from Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka.
Naidu, who also discussed the issue with agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh, said tobacco and arecanut are two important cash crops in the country and in many parts, the livelihood of farmers depend on these products. “Without providing suitable alternative cash crops in tobacco and arecanut-growing areas, farmers should not be penalised by introducing drastic regulatory measures,” said a senior minister present at the meeting.
The meeting has proposed consultations among ministries as well as among state governments to resolve outstanding issues before any decision to restrict the sale of cigarettes, increase fines or ban the sale of cigarettes to people below 25 years, from the current 18 years. Naidu said banning the sale of loose cigarettes will lead to a shift in consumption from cigarettes to other cheaper tobacco products such as bidis, chewing tobacco. India is the second-largest tobacco producer in the world and its export earns it foreign exchange of Rs 6,000 crore annually.
Arecanut growers have also sent representations to the government requesting for review of any policies that restrict arecanut cultivation. Members said arecanut was an integral part of Indian tradition and has been used widely since ancient times in religious activities, weddings and other functions. “We also need to take with a pinch of salt scientific research that claims arecanut is harmful. In India, arecanut with beetle is known to be helpful in digestion,” said a minister, who attended the meeting. Nadda assured the meeting that he would look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and the tobacco sector before taking any policy decision.

Sapna Book House arm acquires Ishita Tech in all-cash dealSapna Book House arm acquires Ishita Tech in all-cash deal
Our Bureau
Will help the company enter online education, direct school supplies
Bengaluru, December 3:  
SapnaOnline.com, the e-tailing arm of book store Sapna Book House, said it bought Ishita Technologies Pvt Ltd and its three brands—Bookadda.com, Acadzone.com and Koolskool.com—in an all-cash deal.
The financial details of the deal were not disclosed. However, Ishita was valued at over $13 million in its Series A funding round in 2012. SapnaOnline.com is operated by Bangalore-based Sapna Infoway Private Ltd.
This acquisition will facilitate the company’s venture into newer verticals such as online education through Acadzone and direct school supplies through KoolSkool. While Ishita is strong in the North and North Eastern parts of India, Sapna has a stronghold in the Southern States.
The deal will allow Sapna to offer 12.5 million titles and serve Bookadda’s active customer base of 2 million customers. “The shipments for both brands, SapnaOnline and Bookadda, will be centralised and managed by us and we will offer superior service with delivery within six hours, which will be facilitated by the inventory that we stock in 11 warehouses,” said Nijesh Shah, founder & CEO, Sapna Infoway.
The company will continue to retain the existing features and services offered by Bookadda, Acadzone and KoolSkool, he said. SapnaOnline.com will absorb just six employees from Ishita Technologies’ 70-strong team.
Click ‘n’ Pick model
Since inception in June 2012, SapnaOnline has grown from selling 10 books a day to 2,500 books a day. It now has over 500,000 daily active users and over a million registered users, helping it post revenues of $1.5 million.
Shah expects the acquisition to grow the company’s revenue by 300 per cent over the next 12 months. Serial entrepreneur and angel investor in Ishita Technologies, K Ganesh said “This acquisition will enable SapnaOnline to adopt the ‘click and pick’ model which combines online and offline and has been used successfully by both Walmart and Bestbuy.com.
“The model allows users to buy online and pick up the product at the bookstore nearest to them without having to wait for the delivery or be around when the delivery happens.
“More important, with education supplies moving online, life becomes very simple for parents and their children to source books, maps, stationery etc with one click.”
Amazon and Flipkart started off by selling books online, which is a very difficult category to sell, pointed out Hemant Kohli, co-founder and CEO of Ishita Technologies.
“Millions of books are available which have to be located, sourced and shipped. To do this successfully, you need technology which we have created,” he said.
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Sahara Likely to Sell Rs 1 200-Crore Land to Realty Firm M3M: ReportSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Sahara group is believed to be selling a large land parcel for over Rs 1,200 crore in the outskirts of the national capital to Gurgaon-based realty firm M3M India Ltd.
M3M, which is scheduled to "announce one of the biggest acquisition in the real estate industry in recent history" on Thursday, was tight-lipped about the deal.
Sources, however, said that it may be acquiring Sahara's land at Chauma in Gurgaon and the deal size could be over Rs 1,200 crore.
There was no official confirmation of the deal from either of the parties.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday permitted the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrato Roy. ( Read more )
The court allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune, Chauma in Gurgaon and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4 order.
The apex court bench was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai and following which, it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to the Securities and Exchange Board of India's counsel.
Out of the list of nine domestic properties, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crore which has gone into the account of Sebi.
Mr Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year for non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail. Of which, Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and the remaining amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which earlier had raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with Sebi, has told the court that out of nine domestic assets it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crore which has also gone into account of the market regulator.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 23:01 (IST)

In November  services activity grows at fastest pace in 5 monthsIn November, services activity grows at fastest pace in 5 months
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 12:50 AM IST
In November, activity in India’s services sector expanded at its fastest pace in five months, mainly driven by new order flows. But there was a decline in hiring, the first time in four months, showed the widely-tracked HSBC Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) data released on Wednesday.
The index rose to 52.6 in the month, compared with 50 in October. A reading above 50 means expansion, while one below that implies contraction.  The reading in November, however, was below the series average and sentiment remained subdued, especially with the decline seen in hiring. Markit  Economics, which compiles the PMI data, said services growth had little impact on employment during the month. Also, new business sentiment slipped to the weakest since mid-2007, implying continued reforms were needed to sustain growth uptick.
“Service sector activity grew in November, as new business rose for a seventh straight month. However, despite an uptick in order flows, business sentiment deteriorated. It reminds us that a continued policy action to addresses investor concerns is required for sustaining the growth momentum,” said Pranjul Bhandari, chief India economist at HSBC.
Annual services growth in the July-September quarter of this financial year was 7.05 per cent, compared with 6.80 per cent in the April-June period, according to official data. Still, India’s year-on-year gross domestic product growth in the three months to September 30 slowed to 5.3 per cent from 5.7 per cent in the June quarter, as industry, manufacturing in particular, did not pick up.
Manufacturing PMI data, released a day earlier, had revealed that the country’s manufacturing activity in November had grown at the fastest rate in 21 months (53.3 points on the index). The Composite PMI Output Index — manufacturing and services taken together — for the month stands at a five-month high level of 53.6, up from 51.0 in October.
ALSO READ:  Manufacturing PMI at 21-month high in November
Even if one takes PMI as a broad indicator of activities, data for December would be crucial for services sector to gauge any number for third quarter growth in services since October and November showed too much variation.
Post & telecommunications was the best-performing segment in the services sector, while financial intermediation and hotels & restaurants saw contraction.
Business activity in November was driven by faster growth of new ventures. The new business sub-index accelerated to 52.5, its highest level since July.
Meanwhile, input costs fell for the first time since March 2009. The rate at which input prices decreased was the second-quickest in the survey’s nine-year history. Despite manufacturers reporting stronger inflationary pressures, the overall rate of cost inflation in the private sector eased to the weakest in the current 68-month sequence of rising prices.
Subsequently, prices charged by Indian services firms deteriorated, for the first time in more than four years, in November. That said, the overall pace at which selling prices fell was fractional.
A faster rise for goods producers did not prevent the rate of private-sector output inflation from easing to the joint-slowest in more than four years.
Bhandari, who had on Monday advised that the Reserve Bank exercise caution in easing its monetary stance, as there were price pressures on the manufacturing side, did not offer any suggestion this time.
On Tuesday, at the bi-monthly review of its monetary policy, RBI refrained from easing its stance but hinted it might do so next year, depending on price pressures.
Services PMI

Cipla sues Canada-based Apotex to enforce allergy drug patentsCipla sues Canada-based Apotex to enforce allergy drug patents
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 08:32 IST
Sweden-based drug firm Meda Pharmaceuticals Inc and Cipla Ltd have "sued" Apotex Inc and Apotex Corp in the Federal District Court in Delaware, US to enforce patents of its allergy drug 'Dymista'.
Cipla said in a filing to the BSE that "they sued Apotex Inc and Apotex Corp in Federal District Court in Delaware to enforce the Orange-Book listed patents covering 'Dymista' Nasal Spray".
It further said that it has sued Apotex Inc and Apotex Corp "in response to Apotex's submission to the US FDA of an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA), and accompanying Paragraph IV certification, seeking approval to market a generic version of Meda's 'Dymista' prior to expiration of the 'Dymista' patents".
In June 2013, Cipla granted the global commercialisation rights for 'Dymista' to Meda AB except for certain geographies.
"Meda will vigorously enforce the 'Dymista' patent rights against Apotex and any other company who challenges these patents," Meda chief executive Dr Jorg-Thomas Dierks said.
"The Complaint was filed within 45 days of receiving Apotex's Paragraph IV certification notice, thus triggering an automatic stay preventing the FDA from approving Apotex's ANDA for 30 months from receipt of the notice, unless ordered otherwise by a district court," Cipla said.
"Meda has the exclusive licenses to US Patent Nos. 8,163,723 and 8,168,620 covering the 'Dymista' composition and its approved uses, which does not expire until 2026'," it said.
Meda holds the New Drug Application (NDA) to manufacture and market Dymista in the US for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Meda and Cipla are jointly represented by attorneys from Sterne, Kessler, Goldstein & Fox PLLC and Ashby & Geddes, PA.

Voices in govt over Saradha-terror link probePeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Government appeared to speak in different voices with a minister telling Parliament that probe has so far not revealed that Saradha chit fund money was used to finance terror in Bangladesh, contradicting BJP Chief Amit Shah’s allegation of such a connection.
“The investigation has so far not revealed any such transaction where money was routed to Bangladesh to fund terrorist activities,” Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh told the Lok Sabha in a written response.
Addressing a rally in Kolkata on Sunday, Shah had alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast, which is being probed for link with Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) terror outfit.
“Saradha chit fund money was used in the Burdwan blast. The NIA is not being allowed to probe the blast properly. Hurdles are being created. It is being done in order to save  Trinamool Congress (TMC) leaders who are involved in the blast,” Shah had alleged, attacking the Trinamool Congress.
As the Opposition, especially Trinamool Congress (TMC) attacked Shah, Union Minister Babul Supriyo, elected on BJP ticket from West Bengal, expressed surprise over Jitendra Singh’s statement and alleged that ruling TMC and its MPs had links with terror plot in Bangladesh.
“I came to know about Jitendra Singh’s statement a little while back. There is a different reason. There were a lot of responsible minds who acted very fast to ensure that the state government has evidence, proofs and it has been recorded in front of several TV cameras.
“The state government was instrumental in destroying evidence that could prove state government’s, TMC’s or their MPs’ connection with the terror plot that is not only West Bengal centric but also finds its way into Bangladesh and neighbouring countries.
“So it was very smart of the central government to get NIA into the act. NIA is right now doing a very comprehensive research into the entire act. I got to know what Jitendra Singh said a while ago. I need to find out why he said so,” Supriyo told reporters outside Parliament.
Jitendra Singh was asked whether the government has sought details of the probe into the Saradha chit fund scam after reports indicated that a part of the money was routed to Bangladesh to fund terror activities. Singh replied that government has not sought details of the probe.

Asia-Pacific bourses follow Wall St higherEuro rallies after ECB keeps powder dry
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/14ed1f00-7b5f-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sahara group likely to sell Rs 1 200 cr land to realty co M3M IndiaBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:11 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 4:18 pm
Looking to raise funds to ensure release of its chief Subrata Roy from jail, Sahara has sold a big land parcel at the outskirts of the national capital for Rs 1,211 crore to Gurgaon-based developer M3M India Ltd.
The 185-acre land in Gurgaon, with 12 million square feet built-up area, would be used for ‘mix-use development’ and has sales revenue potential of Rs 12,000 crore, M3M India Ltd said today while announcing the deal.
M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal also asserted that it was not a ‘distress sale’ by Sahara and the deal has been inked on the basis of market price.
He further said that the entire amount will be paid in instalments over a period of six months, while post-dated cheques have been given to Sahara group for purchase of this land at Chauma village in Gurgaon.
The deal comes within days of Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrato Roy.
Besides this Chauma land, the court has also allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4, 2014 order.
The apex court bench was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai, following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI’s counsel.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crore which has gone into the account of SEBI.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which had earlier raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with SEBI, told the court that out of nine domestic assets, it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crore which has also gone into the account of the market regulator.
Announcing the big-ticket land deal, M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal said: “We have acquired 185 acres of land in Delhi-NCR from Sahara group for Rs 1,211 crore.”
He said the land deal with Sahara group was clinched two months ago but the agreement was subject to approval of the Supreme Court.
On land price, Bansal said: “It was not continued…

Wish list for $34-bn Japan loans in the worksIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
To avail the near-$34 billion worth of loans promised by Japan, India has begun working out a list of railway and multi-modal transport projects that can be financed through these funds.
The finance ministry along with the ministries of urban development and railways are understood to be looking into the issue to identify projects in these sectors.
“Officials have been asked to work out a potential list of projects that can be taken to the Japanese side for funding sectors of multi-modal transport as well as railways,” said a source close to the development.
Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe had in September committed $33.8 billion to India over the next five years through overseas development assistance (ODA) for developmental projects in infrastructure and construction of smart cities.
The aid at an average $7 billion annually, which is amongst the largest from any country to India, was one of the key takeaways from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s five-day visit to Japan.
The loans will be disbursed based on the projects brought forward by the Indian government. “The exercise will help us identify projects across the country that can be taken up with the Japanese for aid,” said the source.
As part of the exercise, proposals for construction of metro rail systems and other urban mass transit systems are being looked at.
Meanwhile, the government is also looking at projects where loans under Special Terms of Economic Partnership (STEP) can be taken from Japan. STEP loans are those which are extended to projects along with Japanese technology and expertise, based on request from the recipient country.
India is now the largest recipient of ODA from Japan that has been extending bilateral loans since 1958.
Currently, over 67 projects with a sanctioned loan amount of Rs 86,555 crore are being implemented.
TAGS: Japan
More from economy

http://usat.ly/1HWmIPyMonthly Markets Checkup: 6 things for December
USA TODAY Special Report 11 a.m. EST December 2, 2014
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Federal Reserve Alabama FaceBook
Santa Claus is not something you associate with the stock market, but that’s exactly one of the things on investors’ minds as we head into December. Video by Jason Allen and Kaveh Rezaei
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  You might not associate Santa Claus with a stock market
00:08  that Walsh Richard does. I'm John Wagoner and this is America's
00:11  markets. December's the second month and historically strong period for stocks
00:16  and the second best month for Dow Jones Industrial Average the
00:19  past half century. It's also in the Santa Claus rally takes
00:22  place this seven sessions spurt that begins at the end of
00:25  December has delivered gains every year since 2009. Even though the
00:30  market is already racked up an impressive performances at record levels.
00:33  Odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal
00:36  Reserve isn't likely to change its easy many ways until wages
00:39  pick up. Something that's not gonna happen for awhile. If recent
00:43  patterns persist home builders will be one of the best performing
00:46  industry sectors as 2014 closes out. And small company stocks could
00:51  prosper as investors try to get ahead of the group's traditional
00:54  January rally. Technology stocks which offense sputter about now. Could bucked
00:59  that trend thanks momentum in big games like apple and FaceBook
01:02  and the lingering buzz from the initial public offerings of the
01:05  likes of Alabama and go pro. Exchange traded funds that invest
01:09  in retailers offer way to play. Important shopping season trends this
01:13  year but if you're thinking about buying and mutual fund this
01:15  month think again he's also get hit with an unnecessary tax
Santa Claus and Nia Sanchez, Miss USA 2014,  visit the trading floor after participating in opening bell ceremonies of the New York Stock Exchange Nov. 26.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
15 CONNECT 42 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Santa Claus is not something you typically associate with the stock market. But the bearded fellow is one of the things on investors' minds as we head into December.
The month has several factors weighing in the stock market's favor. It is the second month in a historically strong period for stocks and the second-best month for Dow Jones industrial average the past half century.
It's also when what is known as the Santa Claus Rally takes place. This seven-session spurt that begins at the end of December has delivered gains every year since 2009.
Even though the market has already racked up an impressive performance in 2014 and is at record levels, odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal Reserve isn't likely to change its easy money ways, at least not for a while.
If past patterns persist, home builders will be one of the best-performing industry sectors as 2014 closes out. Small-company stocks could prosper as investors try to get in ahead of the group's traditional January rally. Technology stocks, which often sputter about now, could buck that trend thanks to momentum in big names such as Apple and Facebook, and the lingering buzz from the successful initial public offerings of the likes of Alibaba and GoPro.
Exchange-traded funds that invest in retailers offer a way to play the most important shopping season of the year. But if you're thinking about buying a mutual fund this month, think again, because you will also get an unnecessary tax bill.
Here are six things investors need to know for December:
1. 'Tis the season for stocks. The Dow has gained 1.6% on average in December, posting gains nearly 70% of the time, says Bespoke Investment Group. The market has a strong tailwind.
Trish Regan, anchor and editor-at-large for Bloomberg TV.
(Photo: File)
If prices at the gas pump remain low and consumers stay in a buying mood around the all-important holiday shopping season, there's a strong chance Santa will deliver gains this month.

Santos axes 500m debt issue amid oil slideSantos to cut capex and axe €500m debt issue amid oil price slide
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5324d974-7b6a-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt coffers to smart under Smart CitiesGovt coffers to smart under Smart Cities
S.P.S. Pannu     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 11:11 IST
PM  Narendra Modi
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's grand vision to build 100 Smart Cities will require a whopping Rs 7 lakh crore over the next 20 years, which works out to a whopping Rs 35,000 crore every year to put the requisite infrastructure in place.
These estimates have been compiled by the urban development ministry in a "draft concept note on the smart city scheme". Union finance minister Arun Jaitley in Budget earmarked Rs 7,060 crore this fiscal to "provide the necessary focus" on the scheme.
The government is pinning its hopes on the private sector and the public-private partnership (PPP) mode to make the huge investment.
The draft concept note on smart cities accessed by MAIL TODAY states that there will be "an annual requirement of Rs 35,000 crore".
"However, it is expected that most of the infrastructure will be taken up either as complete private investment or through PPPs. The contribution from the government of India and states/urban local bodies will be largely by way of viability gap support," the note says.
Interestingly, while the draft note banks heavily on private sector investment, urban development secretary Shankar Agarwal had in a closed-door discussion with business leaders recently admitted that "the experience in past PPP projects in India is not encouraging".
He appeared to be referring to the roads and highways sector, wherein the PPP mode has turned out to be a huge fiasco resulting in several major projects getting stalled and the government stepping in with its own funding to get them going again. Similarly, in the Railways there have been few or no takers for PPP projects
The problem is that these projects require long gestation lags before they can turn in any profits because of which the private sector is hesitant to invest in them. In the meeting chaired by Agarwal on smart cities, private sector chief executives clearly flagged the "return on investment" as a crucial issue that would determine business decisions on smart cities.
The smart city scheme as of now envisages only a "viability gap funding" from the government side, which is expected to be a small portion of the total investment and may not be a sufficient attraction. Besides, state governments and urban local bodies are also expected to chip in for the viability gap funding and most of them are cash-strapped.
The urban development ministry expects leading IT companies like Microsoft, IBM, Cisco, TCS and Infosys "to be actively involved in the process of designing smart city projects and hand holding the city and state governments in coming up with visionary plans".
The ministry has incorporated views of global consulting companies like Mackenzie, KPMG and PWC on a wide range of features that are the hallmark of a smart city.

Rupee recovers from initial losses on dollar saleForex update: Rupee ends at 61.92 against US dollar in thin trade
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 18:10 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee on Thursday ended one paisa lower at 61.92 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market in thin trade.
The rupee resumed lower at 61.93 as against Wednesday's closing level of 61.91 per dollar. The domestic unit dropped further to 61.95 per dollar on initial demand for the US currency from banks and importers on the back of a strong dollar in the overseas market.
However, the domestic currency recovered from initial losses to 61.86 on selling of dollars by banks and exporters in view of persistent foreign capital inflows into the domestic equity market . The rupee ended at 61.92 against the Greenback, down one paisa or 0.02 per cent.
Intra-day, the rupee hovered in a range of 61.86 and 61.95 per dollar.
In London, the euro traded around a 2-year-low against the dollar on Thursday on hopes the European Central Bank (ECB) would unveil new stimulus measures later in the day.
In New York, the ICE US dollar index rose on Wednesday to its highest level since March 2006 as the dollar rally gained momentum, spurred in part by a strong gauge of service-sector growth in the US economy.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex rose by 120.11 points or 0.42 per cent.

SAIL sell-off tomorrow Stock down over 3%SAIL back in green after slipping 3%; stake sale tomorrow
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 02.56PM IST
Tags:
SAIL
(At 09:40 a.m.; SAIL was trading…)
NEW DELHI: Steel Authority of India (SAIL) slipped as much as 3.09 per cent in trade on Thursday, but bounced back into green in late trade. This, after the government said it plans to divest 5 per cent stake sale in the steel-maker to raise around Rs 1,700 crore through the sale.
The company informed stock exchanges about the proposed stake sale to be held through the offer for sale (OFS) route on December 5 and said the government will decide on the floor price for the issue on Thursday.
The government currently holds an 80% stake in the steel giant.
The stake sale will help the company meet the listing norms of Securities & Exchange Board of India ( Sebi ), which require the government's stake to be lowered to 75 per cent, ET reported.
The sale of a 5% stake, or about 20.65 crore shares, of SAIL at current market price may fetch the government around Rs 1,700 crore, added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Banks may cut rates once risk appetite returns: Yes Bank08:00 am
There is room for liquidity to drive rates lower near term, feels  Yes Bank CFO, Rajat Monga. In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, he said a lending rate cut was possible once risk appetite improved.
Monga says banks may cut base rates by end of this financial year if RBI cuts benchmark rates.
He expects his bank’s corporate bond portfolio to improve with because of yield dropping below 8 percent. Monga says retail rates were higher than bulk rates at this point.
He says a part of Yes Bank’s government bond portfolio is hedged while the corporate bond portfolio is not. He plans to use gains from bond trading to shore up provisions.
Below is the transcript of Rajat Monga’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Latha: A spate of deposit rate cuts have come, will you all be following soon and more importantly when does this translate into a lending rate cut?
A: What we are seeing is banks are adjusting as of now for the illiquidity that used to be priced in in various short-term money market pricing for interest rates. We are seeing that the central bank is getting more and more comfortable with tools that they have to manage liquidity, the bias for interest rates is also looking gradually lower. So my assessment is what banks have done offlate, even other markets like bond markets have stripped off the illiquidity premium that usually gets priced in when we are not too sure whether we will get financing at what rate, will we get repo at what rate. So there were periods of choppiness so that just gets priced in in the asset that we are holding. So this is what we are seeing, banks are beginning to adjust.
Latha: So you are saying there used to be an interbank deficit of about Rs 80000 crore. Now that deficit on an average is Rs 40000 crore and that has created this comfort?
A: Absolutely. Six months ago the deficit was looking widening, today the deficit is looking that it will narrow. Reserve Bank has got about USD 40 billion of long forwards. The moment they expire those forwards it creates rupee liquidity. So if you look at the repo rates being at around 8 percent for a long while, banks have been pricing one year deposits at 9 percent. They have just dropped that to about 8.75 percent range over the last few weeks.
Latha: You as well?
A: Not yet but I am assuming we will follow soon. It is just that the deposit pricing starts with the large banks. We cannot have a lower pricing when State Bank of India (SBI) or other large banks have higher pricing for example.
So this process has begun, I think most banks will progressively adjust lower. So if you still look at repo at 8, one year deposit at 8.75 there still is a decent inclination on that yield curve. There is room for liquidity itself to drive rates lower yet in the future.  
Sonia: So when do you see the first lending rate cut come in?
A: Lending rate cuts are a little bit a function of when risk appetite comes back into the banking sector. Banks will drop rates when they begin to believe that this is a time now to lend and that day they have resources, rates have fallen and we want to transmit rates to grow credit.
Latha: What do you mean by saying when risk appetite returns? Is it when more people come and ask for money or is it that you get a hunch that your money is safe?
A: The latter more than the former and actually they usually come together. If you just roll back few months, couple of years while there was demand for money but there was not demand for fresh money. It was demand for refinancing, effectively lengthening of debt profile by borrowers. Now the demand will have to shift to ground breaking work, capacity expansion.
Latha: You don’t see any of it yet?
A: Well there is, there are signs, let me say not good enough to alter the trajectory of outcomes that we are currently witnessing but clearly there is new business which is being discussed which relates to capacity expansion. What we are not seeing is the working capital expanding because of companies producing more, we are seeing working capital expanding because some companies might still be making losses. You still have to fund the cash flow deficits that the businesses are aggregating. So the overall situation is mildly positive on that side but not clearly positive that we want to believe that credit growth is the best thing to do right now.
Sonia: The big change we have seen in the last couple of days is the way yields have fallen to sub 8 percent. What could the positive impact be on your own corporate bond portfolio?
A: Well corporate bond portfolio is naturally a long portfolio so it will benefit from the overall yield structure falling so we are overall positive on that outcome. Bond portfolio is more a distribution design that we are holding and as we distribute these holdings, there will be realisation of some gains as well.
All banks also hold a government debt as SLR. We will also be monetising the held-to-maturity (HTM) category as now RBI will require banks to reduce their HTM. So currently HTM proportion is higher than SLR proportion. So there is duration in the HTM book which will naturally monetise and the idea is that if there are gains we should also use them to buffer up provisioning. So take more count to cyclical provisioning like today we have about 50 bps of more than required provisioning, we can call them counter cyclical provisioning. So if we get such opportunities we will try and buffer that up.
Latha: How much will margins go up for you because you all have double gain, you will have lower cost of money from the wholesale markets as well you will have a decent amount of mark-to-market gains?
A: Yes on the margin front the situation will pan out depending upon how the asset liability markets behave. We don’t have gaps as such so there is the illiquidity premium so the larger bulk deposits do attract more illiquidity premium when times are such. So today if we don’t drop our retail rates, retail rates are higher than bulk rates at the moment. There is also a precursor of retail rates to be falling off. So these are all consistent precursors so it is only a matter of time that retail rates will also be lower commensurately.
Latha: The last net interest margin (NIM) was 3.2 for Q2, clearly it is on an incline for Q3?
A: See the incline is there. Quarter-on-quarter incline is something even I will not be able to clearly establish.
Latha: But costs have clearly fallen.
A: Well yields also fall like for example we were discussing the bond portfolio, the moment we monetise some bond portfolio we were holding a higher yielding asset, we will be replacing if at all with a lower yielding asset or not.
Yes Bank stock price
On December 10, 2014, Yes Bank closed at Rs 688.95, down Rs 19.4, or 2.74 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 766.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 292.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 42.37 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.26. The latest book value of the company is Rs 172.04 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.00.

Indonesia export exhibition sees large Indian participationIndonesia export exhibition sees large Indian participation
PM Modi on Sadhvi Jyoti issue: Minister has apologised; let the house functionAnand Sharma
(Reacting to the Prime Minister's…)
NEW DELHI: After two days of storm, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today broke his silence over the row surrounding Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, saying he "strongly disapproved" of the comments of the "new Minister" who has apologised and the matter should end but the opposition remained adamant on her sacking.
While Modi virtually ruled out any action against Jyoti in his statement in Rajya Sabha, Opposition insisted that she has no right to continue as a Minister, contending that since she has apologised, it means she has committed a "crime".
In the Lok Sabha too, the Opposition created uproar to press for a statement from the Prime Minister failing which they unitedly decided to boycott the House proceedings for the day today. Congress and Trinamool Congress staged a walkout.
In the Rajya Sabha where the opposition has been stalling the proceedings since Tuesday, Modi appealed to members to allow the House to function in national interest as Jyoti has already apologised.
Noting that the Minister is new, he said in the "heat" of elections, such comments should be avoided.
"Before this issue was raised in the House, I had put forth this matter before all our MPs...The minister is new, and she has come to Parliament for the first time. We are aware of her background. She has apologised.
"I believe that after her apology...this House has so many senior members with so much experience, they know what should be their feelings towards an apology," Modi said.
"I appeal to the House that when the Minister has apologised...this is a message to all of us that in future we all should not cross the limits of dignity in terms of do's and don'ts. I appeal to the House that we should work for the interest of the country," the Prime Minister said.
However, opposition members wanted clarifications from the Prime Minister but were disallowed leading to protests and repeated adjournments. The House was adjourned for the day at 2.40 PM after five adjournments.
The Prime Minister came to the Rajya Sabha at around 11.20 PM when it re-assembled after a 15-minute adjournment, amid vociferous demands for Jyoti's resignation.
After Modi's statement, Anand Sharma (Cong) said the Prime Minister should take strong action against the Minister as the Constitution does not permit such utterances.
Finance Minister and Leader of House Arun Jaitley said the Opposition had been demanding that the Prime Minister come to the House and make a statement. Now that Modi has made the statement, the House should get on to its business.
Sitaram Yechury (CPI-M) said the minister had not apologised and had merely expressed regret. "Assuming that she has apologised, then you apologise only when you have committed some crime," he said demanding action against Jyoti.
Sharad Yadav (JD-U) said this is not the first time that such a statement has been made and there have been several such statements in an concerted effort to vitiate the communal atmosphere despite the Prime Minister's slogan of 'sabka sath, sabka vikas' (With the support of all, progress for all).
As Opposition members did not relent and treasury benches objected to the repeated disruptions even after Prime Minister's statement, Kurien said the issue has been under discussion for three days and no further discussion can be allowed.
"You cannot have discussion on the same subject every day," he told the agitating opposition members.
He said members were yesterday complaining that their Zero Hour concerns could not be taken up due to disruptions.
  "You are losing Zero Hour. Don't blame us then," he said. DMK's Tiruchi Siva asked why the Chair was depriving opportunity to one side to speak. Kurien shot back saying, "Don't cast aspersions on the Chair... You are depriving right of 15 members (who have given zero hour notices)."
He said he has given Sharad Yadav floor to speak because he is senior member and after his statement Zero Hour will be taken up.
Order could not be restored in the House after that and Kurien adjourned the proceedings till noon. The House was adjourned again and again for five times, before Kurien called it a day at 2.40 PM.
Earlier, similar scenes were witnessed as soon as the House met for the day, with members of entire Opposition on their feet demanding Jyoti's resignation.
The Lok Sabha witnessed uproar for the third straight day with a determined opposition seeking a statement from the Prime Minister on the controversial remarks of the minister besdies her resignation.
The opposition alleged that the government was using its "brute majority" to stifle its voice, a charge denied by the ruling side.
"The Prime Minister is the leader of all. He is the Prime Minister of the country and only he can control or direct his Ministers...The whole country wants that such statements need to be condemned and that is why the entire Opposition is requesting for his statement," Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge said.

Infosys eyes buyouts  new services to regain leader tagDec 04, 2014, 12.07 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Infosys eyes buyouts, new services to regain leader tag
The company is looking to move its business process outsourcing (BPO) and infrastructure management services to the automation area, which will help in bring down financial cost.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infosys eyes buyouts, new services to regain leader tag
The company is looking to move its business process outsourcing (BPO) and infrastructure management services to the automation area, which will help in bring down financial cost.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
The strategic focus of  Infosys will now be on 'renew' and 'new'. Outlining the strategy for the IT major for the first time, CEO Vishal Sikka said that the company will renew existing services and enter newer services.
Speaking at analyst meet, he said that the company is also looking at acquisitions in under penetrated geographies and verticals and newer services like artificial technologies and automation.
The company is looking to move its business process outsourcing (BPO) and infrastructure management services to the automation area, which will help in bring down financial cost. The other two segments that will be renewed will be verification services and application maintenance. These four areas have significant contribution to the company’s revenues.
As a part of the 'new' strategy, Infosys will focus on product engineering and design. It aims to create a new dimension of value within this space. The company is already undergoing training of employees for design thinking. “As of September, we are at USD 53,000 revenue per employee. We have been engaging with employees for great new technology,” he said.
A detailed assessment of the road ahead for Infosys is likely by April. Sikka is confident that Infosys will go back to being the big IT bellwether that it once was. 
Infosys stock price
On December 10, 2014, Infosys closed at Rs 1937.65, up Rs 13.35, or 0.69 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 4401.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 1447.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 101.90 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.02. The latest book value of the company is Rs 366.51 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.29.
RELATED NEWS

MPs try to butt ban on sale of loose cigarettesMPs try to butt ban on sale of loose cigarettes
Mail Today Bureau        Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 12:33 IST
The health ministry's proposal to ban the sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be shelved as it has run into stiff opposition from some MPs, Union ministers and farmers associations from tobacco-growing states.
At a meeting called by Union minister Venkaiah Naidu on Wednesday, Union health minister J.P. Nadda assured the MPs that he would look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and the industry before taking any policy decision.
Union ministers besides MPs from the major tobacco-producing states of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka-Ananth Kumar and Nirmala Sitharaman and Mohanbhai Kundaria-were present at the meeting, where Nadda was asked to address all concerns and not to take any hasty step.
Naidu, who also discussed the issue with agriculture minister Radhamohan Singh, said that tobacco and arecanut are two important cash crops and in many parts, the livelihood of farmers depends on them.
The Parliamentarians were of the view that without providing suitable alternatives to cash crops in tobacco and arecanut-growing areas, farmers should not be penalised by introducing drastic regulatory measures, sources said. Senior officials said that an inter-ministerial consensus over the issue is also unlikely to evolve soon.
Naidu, who hails from Andhra, said that the proposed regulatory amendments will only result in shift in consumption from cigarettes to other cheaper tobacco products like bidis and chewing tobacco without curtailing overall tobacco consumption. Naidu added that he had convened the meeting after getting representations from tobacco-growing farmers associations in the two states.
India is the second-largest tobacco producer and its exports earns foreign exchange over Rs 6,000 crore annually. Nadda had told Rajya Sabha that his ministry had accepted recommendations of an expert panel constituted to give suggestions for reducing tobacco consumption that sale of loose cigarettes be banned and circulated a Cabinet note for inter-ministerial consultations.

Fadnavis gets cracking on promises: Single-window facility  project approval in 3 daysDevendra Fadnavis
(Fadnavis assured industrialists…)
MUMBAI: Within a month of taking over as Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Devendra Fadnavis has ordered bureaucrats to cut red tape and ensure faster approvals for new industrial projects. Taking cue from CM's guidelines, the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation has decided to relax most conditions for investors seeking to launch a new project. Now the total number of permissions required for new projects has been brought down to five from 14. CM has also ordered that renewal of factory licences should happen in three days or else it would be considered as deemed renewal.
Just a week ago, the CM held a meeting with business leaders who already have large manufacturing projects in the state. He assured industrialists that he was looking into ways to cut down required permissions to start a new venture in the state from 76 to a minimum level.
Fadnavis had also assured the industrialists that a single-window system for project clearance will be introduced soon. MIDC has now come out with a scheme of making just five clearances mandatory and other conditions have been relaxed. "Taking up the challenge of increasing ease of business and working within one week after directions from CM, the MIDC has reduced total number of permissions from 14 to five for commissioning factories in their zones. The required permissions will be land allotment, mortgage, building plan approval, fire NOC and building completion certificate," said Praveensingh Pardeshi, principal secretary in CM's office.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Forgive  forget: PM Narendra Modi appeals for Union minister Niranjan Jyoti in RSModi disapproves Jyoti's remarks, Oppn not happy
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 04, 2014
First Published: 12:05 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:28 IST(5/12/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's statement in Rajya Sabha Thursday strongly criticising his minister Sadhvi  Niranjan Jyoti's controversial remarks and requesting the House to function normally failed to placate opposition MPs who continued to press for her resignation.
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
With opposition parties stalling proceedings in Rajya Sabha for past three days demanding sacking of the minister, Modi appealed to members to allow the House to function in national interest as she has already apologised.
"I was informed about the statement which caused the controversy on the day BJP parliamentary party was to meet. In the meeting I strongly disapproved of the remarks and I said we should avoid using such language," he said.
Leaders should avoid using such language in the heat of elections, he said.
Modi said Jyoti is a first time minister and a new member of Parliament and the House should show magnanimity by accepting her apology considering this.
"When the minister has apologised, I appeal and request the House (to resume normal business)... In national interest, we must carry forward work (of the House)," he said, adding members should maintain decorum.
Modi said he shared the view that after the minister's apology, the matter should be considered closed.
Modi came to the House when it reassembled after a 15-minute adjournment forced by the opposition members demanding resignation of the minister.
As soon as the House met for the day, the entire opposition was on its feet to press for the demand.
As deputy chairman PJ Kurien asked ministers to lay the listed papers, slogan shouting Congress members trooped into the Well.
The slogan shouting continued even after he took up Zero Hour mentions.
With members unrelenting, he adjourned the House for 15 minutes.
When the House reassembled, parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu said the Prime Minister wants to make a statement and he be allowed to do so.
Unmoved opposition
But the Congress and Left parties ignored Modi's request and stood firm on their demand for the minister's resignation.
"The minister's apology is evidence enough that she has made the controversial remark. She should be sacked from the ministry," CPI(M) leader Sitaram Yechury said.
Congress leader Anand Sharma said the Prime Minister should take strong action against the minister as the Constitution does not permit such utterances.
Finance minister and leader of House Arun Jaitley said the Opposition had been demanding that the Prime Minister come to the House and make a statement. Now that Modi has made the statement, the House should get on to its business, he said.
Yechuri said the minister had not apologised and had merely expressed regret.
"Assuming that she has apologised... you apologise only when you have done some wrong," he said, demanding action against the minister.
'Brute majority'
In Lok Sabha a determined opposition sought a statement from the Prime Minister as the House witnessed uproar for the third straight day.
Amid protests by the ruling side, Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge accused the government of attempting to suppress the opposition through "brute majority".
"The Prime Minister is the leader of all. He is the Prime Minister of the country and only he can control or direct his ministers... The whole country wants that such statements need to be condemned and that is why the entire Opposition is requesting for his statement," Kharge said.
His remarks came amid din over the issue as members of several parties including Congress and Trinamool Congress stormed the Well and raised slogans during the Question Hour.
"You are the custodian and only you can check such attitude and behaviour of the government... I am not saying that you have come under their pressure," he told Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
The Speaker denied any pressure on the Chair and said she had to "maintain a balance" as she had to listen to "400 members who also want to ask questions and want proceedings to continue".
"No issue raised by the opposition has gone unnoticed," Mahajan said, adding that in Jyoti's case, the minister has herself apologised and the parliamentary affairs minister has made an appropriate statement.
"Therefore the matter should end there," she observed.
Jyoti, minister of state for food processing industries, had apologised in Parliament on Tuesday, reportedly on the orders of the Prime Minister, but opposition parties like the Left want her sacked and say she must face criminal charges for trying to incite communal hatred.
"The people of Delhi have to decide if they want a government of Ramzaadon (descendants of Ram) or haramzaadon (those who are illegitimately born)," Jyoti had reportedly had said at a public meeting in Delhi on Monday.
The comment created an uproar in both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha over the last three days.
While the din in the lower house settled after Jyoti offered to apologise, members in Rajya Sabha refused to back down, and demanded that she be sacked from the Council of Ministers..
Sadhvi calls off Delhi poll meet
Meanwhile, Sadhvi  cancelled an election rally in the Capital — her second show in as many days.
The evening rally in central Delhi’s Gole Market was junked a day after she was a no-show at a scheduled meeting in south Delhi’s Sheikh Sarai. Phonecalls made by HT to Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay went unanswered.
The cancellations come in the wake of outrage over her expletives-laden speech at a poll meeting on Monday, where she said, “Aapko tay karna hai ki Dilli mein sarkar Ramzadon ki banegi ya haramzadon ki (you have to decide if you want a government in Delhi to be led by children of Ram or illegitimate children).”
(With PTI inputs)

Canada-based RyersonFutureslaunches $15-mn start-up fund in IndiaCanada-based Ryerson Futures launches $15-mn start-up fund in India
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
Ryerson Futures Inc and the Chokhani Group are launching a fund of up to $15 million (Rs 82.5 crore approx) to invest in early stage technology businesses connected to Zone Startups India. The fund will seek to invest between $50,000 (Rs 27,50,000 approx) and $500,000 (Rs 2,75,00,000 approx) in 10-15 start-ups every year.
“We have been active making early stage investments, and have seen tremendous interest in the market to also participate as well,” said Anil Chokhani. “Partnering with an existing accelerator allows us to leverage the benefits of a formalised programme.”
This fund will make investments in technology start-ups that are part of the Zone Startups India accelerator, and also will seek to find new start-ups to bring in to the programme. The fund will be raising capital from both corporates and other high networth individuals.
“We are seeing many great start-ups come through Zone Startups India (Ryersons Accelerator Program in Mumbai); launching a fund to help rapidly advance these start-ups is a logical next step now that we have been able to establish a strong network in India with our partners,” said Matt Saunders, President of Ryerson Futures Inc.
Started in February of 2014, Zone Startups India has incubated technology start-ups focused on data analytics, mobility, e-commerce, education, hardware, technology, human computing interface, mobile payments, healthcare, and enabling platforms. Its current start-ups portfolio includes Focus Analytics, Bug Clipper, Baby Chakra, Pykih, FOSengage, DrugIO, Intugine Technologies, ArtZolo, Underdogs Gaming Studio, BOOKstreet, to name a few. Zone Startups India works with up to 60 start-ups annually.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)

AP CM announces crop loan reschedule modalitiesAP CM announces crop loan reschedule modalities
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad. Dec 4:  
The Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has announced the loan reschedule modalities for the farm sector.
The loan reschedule process will be completed in two phases and cover loans up to Rs 1.5 lakh.
Addressing a press conference, Naidu said the State Government was committed to the loan reschedule for 40.43 lakh accounts.
He said a call centre and grievance cell would be constituted to address farmers problems.
Naidu said this was a major election promise and that he would ensure the farm sector would again get back to profitable mode.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Shree Cement leads peers in efficiencyAjay Modi      Follow @ajaymodibt    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
HM Bangur, managing director, Shree Cement | Best CEO: Cement (Mid-sized companies) | (Photo: Anindya Saha)
He has over 36 years of experience behind him and has often questioned settled beliefs in business. Hari Mohan Bangur, the 62-year-old Managing Director of Shree Cement , today leads the Rs 5,900-crore company by example.
About HM Bangur
"Everybody is intelligent enough to understand when they see your actions. If your dedication to the company is one per cent less, then it will rise to two per cent at the next level of leadership, four per cent at the next level... If you are 100 per cent dedicated, everyone gets the message. Your action is important, not what you say," says Bangur.
The company was founded in 1979. When the Bangur family split, the company had a capacity of 600,000 tonnes. The joint family used to run another company by the name of Digvijay Cement.
A chemical engineer from IIT Mumbai, Bangur has taken the Kolkata-based company to new heights. The production capacity has gone up to 22 million tonnes. Shree Cement reported a profit of Rs 787 crore in the year ended June, 2014. An operating profit margin of 29.47 per cent is a matter of envy even for its industry peers like ACC and UltraTech Cement.
Its stock price has jumped more than six times since November 2009 and has helped the company attain a market cap of Rs 31,000 crore. "The market is giving us right valuation," says Bangur.
Despite all this, Bangur says success is not just about building capacities or higher profits, but about motivating the team to achieve new milestones from limited resources. A case in point is when he set up a brownfield clinker plant in 2009 in 367 days when the average time required for such a task was 630 days. Next year, he set up a similar unit in 330 days.
"If you are 100 per cent dedicated, everyone gets the message. Your action is important, not what you say"
Today, the efficient practices started by Shree Cement are being emulated even by its competitors. "In India, all our clinker units have waste heat generation capability. We have only five per cent of India's clinker capacity but have more than 25 per cent of the waste heat generation capacity in the cement industry," he says.
The cement industry may have seen many mergers and acquisitions but the company's growth has been essentially organic. Only recently did the firm buy a clinker unit in Haryana from Jaiprakash Associates for Rs 360 crore. "We don't like to buy assets for capex. An acquisition has to offer good value," says Bangur.
B.L. Jain, Director of B.K. Birla-promoted Century Textiles and Industries, says there can be no two opinions about Bangur's success. "He runs his plants most efficiently and has gone for judicious expansions without borrowing," he says.
Shree Cement, which had focussed on the north Indian market, is setting up facilities in Uttar Pradesh, Chattisgarh and Bihar. "In North, we have a market share of 20 per cent and we will maintain it. We want to grow in the East," says Bangur.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best CEOs 2014
The company has also faced its share of impediments. The expansion in 1997 had affected its reserves and it was burdened with debts. "The demand suddenly took a beating when we commissioned the new capacity. More than 10 per cent of revenue was interest cost. We didn't know how to go about," says Bangur.
Forced to look for external cash infusion, Shree Cement came close to joining hands with French cement major Vicat. "But for minor differences, the deal did not materialise. Neither of us wanted to be at 49 per cent and so a 50:50 partnership was agreed. But I was worried how differences of two equals will be resolved in decision-making," says Bangur.
So instead of a deal with Vicat, the company hoped that the market will improve. Meanwhile, it got a shot in the arm in the form of a new fuel. Petcoke was being talked about though no Indian player was using it in a significant manner. It was about 40 per cent cheaper than coal and fuel is 70 per cent of the variable cost in cement production. Bangur sent a team to Europe to study its use. The team returned with positive feedback and another team from the operations department was sent. Soon the company started using petcoke along with coal. The savings restored health to the balance sheet.
The other nominees: Cement (Mid-sized companies)
On the marketing side, too, the company has challenged set beliefs. "A marketing guru will tell you to advertise in cricket. But that would cost us ten times more. So, we advertised in news channels and have built successful brands by investing less," he says. Shree has three brands: Shree Ultra, Bangur and Rockstrong.
It is not that Bangur has not ever erred. For instance, the company tried using oxygen in the kiln to increase output. "We now see that was quite foolish. It was a total failure," he says.
At his residence spread over 1.5 acre in Kolkata's posh Alipur area, Bangur enjoys riding Segway, the two-wheeled, self-balancing electric vehicle. On holidays, he plays volleyball with a group of friends. Bridge too is his favourite game and he is a member of Corporate Bridge Association of India.
Bangur is now ready to pass the baton to the next generation. His son Prashant has been in business for 12 years and is now a Director. "I have found an equal in my son. He is a very powerful link between me and all my executives," says the senior Bangur.

Sahara group sells Rs 1 200 cr land to realty co M3M IndiaBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:11 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 4:18 pm
Looking to raise funds to ensure release of its chief Subrata Roy from jail, Sahara has sold a big land parcel at the outskirts of the national capital for Rs 1,211 crore to Gurgaon-based developer M3M India Ltd.
The 185-acre land in Gurgaon, with 12 million square feet built-up area, would be used for ‘mix-use development’ and has sales revenue potential of Rs 12,000 crore, M3M India Ltd said today while announcing the deal.
M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal also asserted that it was not a ‘distress sale’ by Sahara and the deal has been inked on the basis of market price.
He further said that the entire amount will be paid in instalments over a period of six months, while post-dated cheques have been given to Sahara group for purchase of this land at Chauma village in Gurgaon.
The deal comes within days of Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrato Roy.
Besides this Chauma land, the court has also allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4, 2014 order.
The apex court bench was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai, following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI’s counsel.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crore which has gone into the account of SEBI.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which had earlier raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with SEBI, told the court that out of nine domestic assets, it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crore which has also gone into the account of the market regulator.
Announcing the big-ticket land deal, M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal said: “We have acquired 185 acres of land in Delhi-NCR from Sahara group for Rs 1,211 crore.”
He said the land deal with Sahara group was clinched two months ago but the agreement was subject to approval of the Supreme Court.
On land price, Bansal said: “It was not continued…

Best of the week: Xiaomi Redmi Note & OnePlus OneWritten by Nandagopal Rajan , Debashis Sarkar |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:13 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 1:34 pm
This has been a very interesting week for those who like to be on top of technology, thanks to two smartphones that were launched in the Indian market. One, the Xiaomi Redmi Note, which offers a large screen and decent specs at a very affordable price point and the other, the OnePlus One, which aims to become a flagship killer by offering top-end specs at half the price.  We present to you both the reviews, in case you missed them initially.
Xiaomi Redmi Note | Rs 8,999
Specs: 5.5-inch IPS display 720 x 1280 pixels | Android 4.3 OS with MIUI 5 | 1.7 GHz MediaTek MT 6592 octa-core CPU | Mali 450 GPU | 2GB RAM | 8GB internal memory expandable up to 32 GB | 13 MP rear camera | 5 MP front camera | Dual-SIM (regular SIM 3G+2G) | 3200 mAh battery
The OnePlus One review starts at 2.33 minutes.
Should you buy it?
The Xiaomi Redmi Note offers great value for money, no doubt. However, be sure about the size and obviously Android 4.2.2 OS, before buying. If you want a large-screened smartphone then this is the only option under Rs 10,000.
Read the full review here
OnePlus One | Rs 21,999
Specs: 5.5-inch Full HD (1920x1080p, 401 PPI) LTPS IPS with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 | Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor with 2.5GHz Quad-core | 3GB RAM | 64GB internal storage, no external slot | 13MP rear camera + 5MP front camera | 4K video recording with slowmotion | 3100 mAh battery | 4G with nano and micro SIM trays in box | Cyanogen 11S OS based on Android 4.4
Should you buy it?
At the price of Rs 21,999, the OnePlus One makes for a great buy. This is because along with all the top-end specifications, the phone also gives you 64GB of storage. Yes, this is without doubt a flagship killer.

China marks Constitution Day amid legal pushBy: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:11 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 1:16 pm
China is marking its first Constitution Day as part of President Xi Jinping’s drive to show the country embraces rule of law while ensuring that ruling Communist Party holds on to its unrivaled authority.
The new holiday Thursday is being commemorated with nationwide activities in schools, government offices and state-owned companies.
It is part of Xi’s campaign to institutionalize the party’s powers while reducing corruption and improving government efficiency. Critics point to inherent contradictions in the campaign, including the party’s refusal to accept independent oversight and honor constitutional guarantees such as the right to free speech and religious assembly.
China has enacted four constitutions since the communist state’s founding in 1949, with the current version adopted in 1982. Its first article forbids any challenge to the country’s socialist system.

Akshay Kumar: I dont endorse six-pack or eight pack absBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:11 pm
Akshay Kumar , who is counted amongst the fittest and most agile actors in the Hindi film industry, says he does not favour six-pack or eight-pack abs and that he believes in a “natural way of maintaining a good body”.
“It takes a long time to make abs. Tehelte tehelte nahi ban jaate abs (It is not a cakewalk to get such abs),” said Akshay on being asked about the trend of abs in Bollywood.
“All that is shown onscreen might not be real either. I don’t endorse these six-pack or eight-pack abs. I believe in the natural way of maintaining a good body,” he added.
The 47-year-old, who himself has a well-sculpted body, asserts that rather than focussing on building abs, people should care about their future health as otherwise it may prove fatal to their bodies.
“The person should also care about his health and future as well. A lot of people depend on products that may give them a good feeling about their bodies for few days, but the long-term effect is dangerous to their body,” Akshay said.
Meanwhile, actors like Shah Rukh Khan and Aamir Khan as well as the new generation actors keep flaunting their six-pack abs and eight-pack abs.

Learning every day on set: Kunal Kohli on actingPosted: December 4, 2014 1:01 pm
 
Filmmaker Kunal Kohli, who will make his acting debut with “Phir Se”, says he is enjoying as well as learning on the sets of the upcoming film.
To be directed by Kohli himself, the movie also stars Jennifer Winget of “Saraswatichandra” fame.
“Enjoying n learning every day on set in my new avatar as an actor, helps to have talent like @jenwinget as my co-star,” Kohli tweeted Thursday.
“Today the super talented choreographer Raju Khan joined us. Worked with him on ‘Hum Tum’, enriching working with him as an actor this time,” he added.
The cast and crew of the upcoming movie is currently filming in London.

MC plans 21 sites for religious and political hoardingsWritten by Divya Goyal | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:37 pm
In a bid to end the menace of political and religious illegal hoardings dotting the entire city, the Ludhiana Municipal Corporation has finalised 21 sites in the city, allowing two hoardings each for religious and political advertising.
Earlier, 21 sites were finalised for religious hoardings only but now MC has decided to club sites for political hoardings too.
The step comes after a rap from the Punjab and Haryana High Court which has asked the MC to remove illegal hoardings within 15 days and now the MC has to submit the final status report on December 5 in the court.
The affect of HC rap can be gauged from the fact that the MC finally woke up on Tuesday and removed more than 400 illegal hoardings from the city. The action continued on Wednesday and hundreds of illegal hoardings were removed from various areas.
However, the policy for political hoardings was still not finalised giving tough times to MC officials because of pressure from various party leaders.
On Wednesday, sources confirmed that MC commissioner Pradeep Aggarwal has given the nod to 21 sites allowing 42 hoardings (2 per site) for religious and political purposes.
Acting on HC orders, MC also issued public notice to all shopkeepers and commercial establishments in city to remove their hoardings within two days or else MC will remove them.
HC in its orders dated November 21 had said, “It has been made clear to the MC Ludhiana, that in case illegal hoardings and outdoor advertisements are not removed by next date of hearing, a court commissioner would be appointed to inspect the sites and in case the report reveals infractions, the officer(s) would be held responsible.”
The situation turned tough for MC officials as orders of deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal said that not a single hoarding with his photo should be visible in city whereas the local leadership of all parties make hue and cry when MC takes action against illegal political or religious hoardings.
Source from MC’s tehbazaari wing confirmed, “A meeting was held on Wednesday with MC commissioner and it was noticed that political leaders generally put their huge photos on religious hoardings too. The idea was floated to club the sites for both as generally clients are the same.” It is also being considered to increase number of sites from 21 to 30 for religious and political hoardings, said the source. “Leaders will make hue and cry for 21 sites falling short so we may increase the number a bit,” he said.
Assistant commissioner Satwant Singh, who will file affidavit in HC on MC’s behalf, said, “We are planning policy for religious and political sites and list of 21 sites will be out soon.” He added that more than 600 illegal hoardings continued…

DC conducts surprise check at Zone D office  issues warningsBy: Express News Service | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:29 pm
Deputy Commissioner Rajat Agarwal conducted surprise checks at Ludhiana Municipal Corporation’s Zone D office in Sarabha Nagar on Wednesday. District food and civil supplies conroller -DFSC (West) Lovekesh Sharma, was among 36 other officials found absent while 30 officials came late. Accompanied by senior District Administration and MC officials, the DC checked offices of both MC and Food and Civil Supplies.
The DC reached the Zone D office around 9:05 am and found several officials reporting late for duty. He entered the MC office and made a staff member sit at the main gate so that he can note the time of employees reporting late and even got all the back doors closed. DFSC (Easte) Sona Thind had gone to Khanna as per the attendance register details.
During the check, 30 officials (12 from MC and 18 from DFSC offices) reported late on duty, 36 officials (24 from DFSC offices and 12 from MC) were found absent, 28 officials (13 from DFSC offices and 15 from MC) were found on leave. Of the 240 staff in both MC and DFSC offices, only 146 officials were present.
Of the 89 employees in DFSC (East and West) offices, only 34 were present and of 151 employees in MC Zone D office, 112 were present.
The DC said that all officials found either absent or those who reported late for duty would be issued warnings. “And if they repeat it in the future, we would take action against them.”
While talking to mediapersons, the DC asserted that all officials working in government offices should report on time. “This is the last and final warning and if next time I find any official reporting late, action would be taken against him,” the DC said.

China stocks close highest since 2011 | Nikkei up for 5th dayYou are here: Home > Collections
China stocks jump over 4 per cent, close at highest since July 2011
Reuters Dec 4, 2014, 01.07PM IST
Tags:
Bank of China
(The CSI300 index of…)
SHANGHAI: China stocks soared to their highest level since mid-2011 on Thursday, led by financial and oil shares, as the market's rally on expectations of further economic stimulus measures showed no signs of losing steam.
Most economists believe it is not a question of whether Beijing will roll out more support measures but when, with many expecting both further interest rate cuts and reductions in banks' reserve requirement ratios (RRR).
The CSI300 index of the largest listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen rose 4.6 percent, its biggest one-day percentage gain since July 2013, to 3,104.35 points.
The CSI300 has now surged 20 percent since the central bank unexpectedly cut interest rates on Nov. 21, stepping up efforts to support the world's second-biggest economy as it heads towards its slowest expansion in nearly a quarter of a century.
The Shanghai Composite Index gained 4.4 percent, its biggest daily percentage gain since December 2012.
Almost all of the 19 listed brokerages soared over 9 percent on expectations that more investors will pile into the market, with 14 brokerages hitting their 10 percent daily limit.
Oil shares also performed strongly, with China's biggest energy firms PetroChina hitting its 10 percent daily limit.
Among the most active stocks in Shanghai were Bank Of China , up 3.2 percent to 3.52 yuan; Minsheng Bank , up 9.37 percent to 8.99 yuan and Everbright Bank , up 6.00 percent to 4.24 yuan.
In Shenzhen, BOE Technology, up 3.1 percent to 2.99 yuan; TCL Corp , up 1.5 percent to 3.51 yuan and Changjiang Securities, up 10.0 percent to 12.47 yuan were among the most actively traded.
Foreign investment flowing into Shanghai from Hong Kong through the mutual market access pilot programme took up 3.52 billion yuan of the 13 billion yuan daily quota.
Total volume of A shares traded in Shanghai was 53.2 billion shares, while Shenzhen volume was 27.3 billion shares.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pilot strike grounds half of long-haul fligh...Lufthansa
(Lufthansa has said it would…)
FRANKFURT: Pilots at Lufthansa started their second strike this week on Thursday, grounding about half of scheduled long-haul flights at the German flagship carrier, in a drawn-out dispute over an early retirement scheme .
Pilots' union Vereinigung Cockpit (VC), representing about 5,400 Lufthansa pilots, is fighting to retain with no changes a scheme allowing pilots to retire at age 55 and still receive up to 60 percent of their pay before regular pension payments start at 65.
Lufthansa has said it would not accept a demand that new pilots, as well as those already with the company, should be able to retire at 55.
It offered VC mediation on Wednesday in hopes of resolving the dispute in time for the busy Christmas holiday season.
The Germany-wide strike, the tenth this year, started at 02:00 GMT on Thursday and is to last until 22:59 GMT. It forced Lufthansa to cancel 37 long-haul flights and six cargo flights.
Domestic and European routes, as well as flights of Lufthansa's units like Germanwings, Austrian Airlines and SWISS are not affected.
Industrial action in Lufthansa's dispute with the pilots has already wiped 160 million euros ($200 million) off the airline's operating profit this year, not including this week's two walkouts.
Lufthansa's board on Wednesday approved plans to expand its low-cost operations as it battles to compete with budget carriers such as Ryanair and easyJet and Gulf operators including Emirates, Etihad and Qatar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty @ fresh highs; Jet surges 5%  Financial Tech up 9%: top 20 betsSensex cools off after rallying over 300 points; top 20 intraday trading ideas
ET Now Dec 4, 2014, 12.42PM IST
Tags:
Biocon
(At 12:00 p.m.; the 30-share…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared most of its intraday gains of over 300 points and was now trading in range with a positive bias on Thursday, led by gains in ITC, ICICI Bank , TCS, Cipla and ONGC.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index pared gains after hitting record high of 8,626.95 in trade, but was still trading above its crucial psychological support level of 8,500.
At 12:00 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 28481.62, up 38 points or 0.14 per cent. It touched a high of 28808.78 and a low of 28448.95 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8536 down 1.05 points or 0.01 per cent. It touched a record high of 8626.95 and a low of 8526.40 in trade today.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
BPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 745 and a stop loss of Rs 715
TVS Motor Company Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 264 and a stop loss of Rs 250
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 945 and a stop loss of Rs 910
MindTree Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1280 and a stop loss of Rs 1240
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Hexaware Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 240 and a stop loss of Rs 222
Trent Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1660 and a stop loss of Rs 1539
Biocon Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 485 and a stop loss of Rs 465
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 395 and a stop loss of Rs 372
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
NIIT Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 66 and a stop loss of Rs 55
TVS Motor Company Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 265 and a stop loss of Rs 249
UCO Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 81 and a stop loss of Rs 88.50
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Bosch is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 21500 and a stop loss of Rs 19975
Strides Arcolab is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1020 and a stop loss of Rs 930
TVS Motor Company Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 262 and a stop loss of Rs 248
Rakesh Bansal, VP - R K Global
Hexaware Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 242 and a stop loss of Rs 218
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 76.50 and a stop loss of Rs 69.50
GIPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 102 and a stop loss of Rs 86
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst, Sharekhan
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 975 and a stop loss of Rs 900
Hindustan Zinc Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 174 and a stop loss of Rs 162
Jain Irrigations Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 92 and a stop loss of Rs 82.50
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

The simple economics of demand & supply suggests oil will not be back @ $100 soonYou are here: Home > Collections > Opec
The simple economics of supply and demand suggests oil will not be back @ $100 soon
Dec 4, 2014, 12.53PM IST
Tags:
(A look at the economics of…)
By David Blitzer
Now that the shock of oil under $75 per barrel and gasoline under $3 per gallon has begun to wear off, the debate has shifted to when oil prices will rebound. A look at the economics of supply and demand suggests that the rebound probably won't take prices back over $100 that quickly. Unlike earlier oil price collapses, this time both demand and supply moved and both pushed the prices down.
The collapse of oil prices, when the global financial crisis morphed into the Great Recession, was driven by plunging economic activity and plummeting oil demand.
The oil price drops in the early 1980s were driven by increased supply from the North Sea; falling oil prices after the first oil crisis in 1973 reflected slower economic growth and weak demand.
This time around expanding oil production in the US, largely from shale in Texas and North Dakota, is expanding supply while slowing economies in Europe and Japan , and slower economic growth in China is shrinking demand for petroleum. The result is a large drop in oil prices.
The diagram shows why getting back to the prices seen last summer would require reversing both these moves. The initial picture in the summer was demand marked D1 and supply marked S1 intercepting at A.
Then the supply curve shifted outward to the right, so that more oil would be supplied across the range of prices. Now demand D1 and the new supply curve S2 meet at B, price is lower and quantity is larger. This was followed by a fall in demand which shifted from D1 to D2.
The new intersection is C and prices are further down. Oil consumption is lower at C than B because demand is less. Were supply to completely reverse, prices would move to E, but the price rebound would not be complete. Likewise, were demand to expand and return to D1, prices would not return to A. Only the combination of reversing both these moves could put prices back to the levels seen in June and July 2014.
Since the new fields in Texas and North Dakota are online and producing, a complete reversal of the supply increase is unlikely. There is some price which is low enough to make production uneconomic; but price needs to only cover operating expenses - the capital investment for exploration and development is a sunk cost. Speculation in the media about what price would force a production shutdown varies from $70 down to $40 or maybe less.
The price gyrations over Thanksgiving weekend are largely a response to OPEC's decision not to cut the production back. Just as prices settled into a range between $85 and $110 in 2013 and the first half of 2014, it is possible that a new range centered near $75 will develop going forward. However, neither that $75 range nor any other price point will last forever.
(The author is Chairman of the S&P Dow Jones Index Committee. Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Store ragi now and sell it in February-March  farmers toldUpdated: December 4, 2014 13:23 IST
Store ragi now and sell it in February-March, farmers told
Special Correspondent
Tweet
1.88 million tonnes of ragi produced in India during 2013-14
The Agro Market Intelligence and Business Promotion Centre (AMIBPC), Tiruchi, has advised farmers to store the harvested ragi and sell in February – March.
Econometric analysis of the back office of the AMIBPC has indicated that the price of fully cleaned ragi will rule around Rs.16-18 a kg from December to February. There is little chance of the price increasing in March, the AMIBPC said in an advisory to farmers.
The advisory was issued based on the analysis of the ragi prices at the Tindivanam regulated market over the past 10 years by scientists at the AIMBPC back office at the Centre for Agricultural and Rural Development Studies (CARDS) in the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University.
Ragi is mainly grown in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Uttarakhand and Maharashtra. During 2013-14, India produced 1.88 million tonnes of ragi from 1.38 million hectares with an average productivity of 1.64 tonnes per hectare. Tamil Nadu has the highest productivity of 2.73 tonnes per hectare. Krishnagiri, Dharmapuri, Vellore, Salem and Erode districts together accounted for 96 per cent of the total area of 70,294 ha under this crop during 2012 -13. The area and production showed declining trend though the productivity was on the increase in Tamil Nadu.
Ragi is substituted with maize in feed preparation whenever the price of ragi is lower than maize price. Ragi production in Karnataka, demand by the end users and maize price are the major factors which decide the price of ragi in Tamil Nadu. It fetches peak prices during February- March and lean prices during August- September. Arrivals from Karnataka and Tamil Nadu coincide during January. Trade sources have indicated that this year huge ragi production is expected in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu which may cause a further decline in prices. The current farm gate price of maize is Rs.1,200 per quintal whereas ragi is being sold at Rs.1,700 per quintal. This will not support the increased use of ragi in the feed preparation, the advisory said.

Chinese stocks surge over 4%; futures riseStock futures rise as China shares surge
By: Kim Hjelmgaard December 4, 2014 2:48 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
U.S. stock futures eked out gains Thursday as Asia’s stock markets surged.
China’s Shanghai Composite index rocketed 4.3% higher while Japan’s Nikkei 225 index added 0.9%
Both Chinese and Japanese shares rose sharply as the dollar traded at its strongest level against the yen since 2007. The greenback briefly touched 119.95 yen before falling back slightly.
Gold prices slipped while oil futures climbed.
Later Thursday, the European Central Bank will announce its latest guidance on monetary policy. The eurozone continues to be threatened by stubbornly low inflation. European indexes were up slightly ahead that decision.
On Wednesday , the Dow and S&P 500 notched all-time closing highs as economic reports showed steady growth on jobs and in other fronts.
On Friday, the Labor Department will release its closely watched survey on employment, expected to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.

Buy ONGC  says Dhananjay SinhaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy ONGC, says Dhananjay Sinha
According to Dhananjay Sinha, Head-Institutional Research at Emkay Global Financial Services, one may buy Oil and Natural Gas Corporation.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Dhananjay Sinha, Head-Institutional Research at Emkay Global Financial Services told CNBC-TV18, "We have been positive on  Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and I supposed that government will be seen to be more proactive in terms of trying to improve the fundamental of the company. There has been reconsideration with respect to the subsidy sharing formula. Given the context that the government fiscal will be under considerable stress, we are anticipating something like Rs 1,20,000 or 1,30,000 crore of short fall with respect to tax revenue target."
"The government will be proactive in or the disinvestment front and hence putting the right foot forward in front of investor is something that I would expect government to do. Hence this full reconsideration on subsidy sharing, one can expect that to be some what positive; come up with a positive outcome when the government finally announces what it want to do on the subsidy sharing thing, so one should buy the stock," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Exit ONGC on any rally  says SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Exit ONGC on any rally, says Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the view that one may exit ONGC on any rally.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) for the short-term is not a very good idea. The stock has been underperforming while the broad market was moving up. That by itself is a sign of short-term weakness.”
“If you are a long-term investor there is nothing to worry about, markets will go up and down and ONGC has a very clear uptrend. But for somebody who is looking at a 40-45 days time horizon, I would suggest that any rally in ONGC, minor rally should be used to exit your position. It is too short a time and the relative strength is fairly weak, so you would be well out of it,” he said.
RELATED NEWS

Buy ITC  says Dhananjay SinhaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy ITC, says Dhananjay Sinha
Dhananjay Sinha, Head-Institutional Research at Emkay Global Financial Services advises buying ITC.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Dhananjay Sinha, Head-Institutional Research at Emkay Global Financial Services told CNBC-TV18, "In  ITC kind of stocks there has always been a regulatory burden wherein the government has been some what strict with respect to the cigarette consumption. There has been increased in tax rates and there were certain news with respect to sale of loose cigarettes."
"It has been under certain drag but at the current price it does appear to be very well valued. The news that came around yesterday that the government might actually reconsider its thoughts with respect to putting a ban on the loose cigarettes, which is giving certain amount of flip to the stock. It is reasonably well valued stock, so one can actually buy that," he added.
RELATED NEWS

NBCC signs MOU with Air IndiaNBCC signs MOU with Air India
JK Tyre launches 12-feet high tyre for dump trucksJK Tyre launches 12-feet high tyre for dump trucks
FOREX -Euro hits 2-year low as ECB eyed; Aussie dollar extends fallFOREX -Euro hits 2-year low as ECB eyed; Aussie dollar extends fall
Ryerson Futures Inc. & Chokhani Group To Launch $15 Million Fund In IndiaRyerson Futures Inc. & Chokhani Group To Launch $15 Million Fund In India
It will again bounce back to 21  buy and hold for short term.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sell sell only brokers sndcate is manipulating the price to dump on in...Platinum Member
344 Followers
Dear Kailash, forget manipulation, this is an MNC and not Kolkata based Indian promoter company, where people can be fooled. SQS is a company of grand repute.
Thinksoft or SQSBFSI is the rising star and sometime in next year you will find it crossing four figure mark.
Buy more SQS and hold long. We are fortune to get this opportunity before it is spotted by big fund houses.
- CRESTCLUB

Chinese stocks soar to highest level since mid-2011Chinese stocks soar to highest level since mid-2011
Reuters
Tweet
Shanghai, Dec 4:  
Chinese stocks soared to their highest level since mid-2011 on Thursday, led by financial and oil shares, as the market’s rally on expectations of further economic stimulus measures showed no signs of losing steam.
Most economists believe it is not a question of whether Beijing will roll out more support measures but when, with many expecting both further interest rate cuts and reductions in banks’ reserve requirement ratios (RRR).
The CSI300 index of the largest listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen rose 4.6 per cent, its biggest one-day percentage gain since July 2013, to 3,104.35 points.
The CSI300 has now surged 20 per cent since the central bank unexpectedly cut interest rates on November 21, stepping up efforts to support the world’s second-biggest economy as it heads towards its slowest expansion in nearly a quarter of a century.
The Shanghai Composite Index gained 4.4 per cent, its biggest daily percentage gain since December 2012.
Almost all of the 19 listed brokerages soared over 9 per cent on expectations that more investors will pile into the market, with 14 brokerages hitting their 10 per cent daily limit.
Oil shares
Oil shares also performed strongly, with China’s biggest energy firms PetroChina hitting its 10 per cent daily limit.
Among the most active stocks in Shanghai were Bank of China , up 3.2 per cent to 3.52 yuan; Minsheng Bank, up 9.37 per cent to 8.99 yuan and Everbright Bank, up 6.00 per cent to 4.24 yuan.
In Shenzhen, BOE Technology, up 3.1 per cent to 2.99 yuan; TCL Corp, up 1.5 per cent to 3.51 yuan and Changjiang Securities, up 10.0 per cent to 12.47 yuan, were among the most actively traded.
Mutual market access programme
Foreign investment flowing into Shanghai from Hong Kong through the mutual market access pilot programme took up 3.52 billion yuan of the 13 billion yuan daily quota.
Total volume of A shares traded in Shanghai was 53.2 billion shares, while Shenzhen volume was 27.3 billion shares.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Pilot strike grounds half of long-haul flights at LufthansaPilot strike grounds half of long-haul flights at Lufthansa
Reuters
Tweet
FRANKFURT, Dec 4:  
Pilots at Lufthansa started their second strike this week on Thursday, grounding about half of scheduled long-haul flights at the German flagship carrier, in a drawn-out dispute over an early retirement scheme.
Pilots' union Vereinigung Cockpit (VC), representing about 5,400 Lufthansa pilots, is fighting to retain with no changes a scheme allowing pilots to retire at age 55 and still receive up to 60 per cent of their pay before regular pension payments start at 65.
Lufthansa has said it would not accept a demand that new pilots, as well as those already with the company, should be able to retire at 55.
It offered VC mediation on Wednesday in hopes of resolving the dispute in time for the busy Christmas holiday season.
The Germany-wide strike, the tenth this year, started at 02:00 GMT on Thursday and is to last until 22:59 GMT. It forced Lufthansa to cancel 37 long-haul flights and six cargo flights.
Domestic and European routes, as well as flights of Lufthansa's units like Germanwings, Austrian Airlines and SWISS are not affected.
Industrial action in Lufthansa's dispute with the pilots has already wiped 160 million euros ($200 million) off the airline's operating profit this year, not including this week's two walkouts.
Lufthansa's board on Wednesday approved plans to expand its low-cost operations as it battles to compete with budget carriers such as Ryanair and easyJet and Gulf operators including Emirates, Etihad and Qatar.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

US-based IMA courses to be offered in HyderabadUS-based IMA courses to be offered in Hyderabad
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 4:  
Miles Professional Education is offering Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and Certified Management Accountant (CMA) of the US-based Institute of Management Accountants (IMA) here.
Announcing the launch of these courses in Hyderabad, Varun Jain, Founder and National Instructor, Miles Professional Education told newspersons here that both the courses would be offered through out the year in durations of six months.
The fee ranges from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 6 lakh and would also involved a limited number of contact classes.
The Hyderabad Chapter of IMA was also formally launched on the occasion. The IMA has a memorandum of understanding with the Institute of Cost Accountants of India to mutually recognise each other’s members.
``The CMAs have extensive career opportunities with multinational companies in India and abroad,’’ Jain claimed.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti s remarks  strongly disapproved  by PM in Rajya SabhaPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Breaking his silence, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today “strongly disapproved” of Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s controversial remarks, saying such language should be avoided.
With Opposition stalling proceedings in Rajya Sabha for past three days demanding sacking of the minister, Modi appealed to members to allow the House to function in national interest as she has already apologised.
“I was informed about the statement which caused the controversy on the day BJP Parliamentary Party was to meet. In the meeting I strongly disapproved of the remarks and I said we should avoid using such language,” he said.
In election heat, he said, leaders should avoid using such language.
Modi said after the minister’s apology the matter should rest and the House resume in normal functioning.
The Prime Minister said Jyoti is a first time minister and a new member of Parliament and the House should show magnanimity by accepting her apology considering this.
“When the Minister has apologised, I appeal and request the House (to resume normal business)… In national interest, we must carry forward work (of the House),” he said, adding members should maintain decorum.
Modi said he shared the view that after the minister’s apology, the matter should be considered closed.
Modi came to the House when it reassembled after a 15-minute adjournment forced by the opposition members demanding resignation of the minister.
As soon as the House met for the day, the entire opposition was on its feet to press for the demand.
As Deputy Chairman P J Kurien asked ministers to lay the listed papers, slogan shouting Congress members trooped into the Well.
The slogan shouting continued even after he took up Zero Hour mentions.
With members unrelenting, he adjourned the House for 15 minutes.
When the House reassembled, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said the Prime Minister wants to make a statement and he be allowed to do so.
After Modi’s statement, Anand Sharma (Cong) said the Prime Minister should take strong action against the minister as the Constitution does not permit such utterances.
Finance Minister and Leader of House Arun Jaitley said the Opposition had been demanding that the Prime Minister come to the House and make a statement. Now that Modi has made the statement, the House should get on to its business, he said.
Sitaram Yechuri (CPI-M) said the minister had not apologised and had merely expressed regret.
“Assuming that she has apologised… you apologise only when you have done some wrong,” he said, demanding action against the minister.
As opposition members refused to resume their seats and treasury benches objected to the repeated disruptions even after Prime Minister’s statement, Kurien said members were yesterday complaining that their Zero Hour concerns could not be taken up due to disruptions.
“You are losing Zero Hour. Don’t blame me,” he said.
Kurien said the issue has been under discussion for three days and no further discussion can be allowed. “You cannot have discussion on the same subject every day,” he said.
When Tiruchi Siva (DMK) asked as to why the Chair was depriving opportunity to one side to speak, Kurien shot back saying, “Don’t cast aspersions on the Chair… You are depriving right of 15 members (who gave Zero Hour notice).”
Kurien said he has allowed Sharad Yadav (JD-U) to speak as he is a senior member and after his statement Zero Hour will be taken up.
Yadav (JD-U) said this is not the first time that such a statement has been made and there have been several such statements to vitiate communal atmosphere.
As pandemonium continued, Kurien adjourned the House till noon.

Bhopal Gas tragedy: No accurate data on deaths 30 years onPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
An NGO working for the Bhopal gas tragedy victims has alleged that there are no accurate figures available on the death toll of the world’s worst industrial disaster even after 30 years and has also raised concern over the toxic waste lying in defunct eUnion Carbid plant situated near the densely populated old Bhopal area.
Though unofficial estimates claimed that the death toll due to the Bhopal gas tragedy had exceeded the 25,000 mark, official figure stands at 5,295 for whom the government had compensated.
“So far we have compensated for 5,295 deaths due to Bhopal Gas Tragedy,” Madhya Pradesh Department of Gas Relief and Rehabilitation deputy secretary K K Dubey said.
However, NGO Bhopal Group for Information Action’s (BGIA) activist Rachna Dhingra claimed that as per their information, the death toll had crossed 25,000 since the disaster took place.
“We are demanding compensation for the same, but the state government has so far compensated only for 5,295 deaths,” she said.
Notably, the Madhya Pradesh government had in 2012 demanded from the Centre’s Group of Ministers a compensation of Rs 10 lakh each to the kin of 15,342 deceased in the tragedy, as per revised figures in Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) report, a government release had then said.
Besides, concern has been raised over non-disposal of 350 MT of toxic waste lying in the defunct chemical plant which is a major cause for pollution, especially water contamination in and around the factory.
Hearings have been going since 1999 in Southern District Court of New York against the Union Carbide Corporation, seeking that the poisonous waste should be removed from its factory in Bhopal, Dhingra said.
Os, had moved the US court in 1999, but the timid response to the case by successive Madhya Pradesh governments has not yielded any result, she alleged.
“It is high time that MP government should intervene in the US court and get the waste cleared,” she demanded.
In India too, an NGO moved a PIL in Madhya Pradesh High Court in 2004, after a soil sample test carried out in and around the closed factory revealed that the waste was causing air and water pollution in the surroundings having a huge human settlement. But the toxic dump couldn’t be cleared following resistance from different environment groups.
In the last decade, the High Court directed the Centre and the state that the toxic waste should be incinerated after tests at Pithampur in Dhar district of Madhya Pradesh.
But the move couldn’t see the light of the day after stiff opposition by some NGOs alleging that disposal of the waste at the incinerator will harm people and the environment of Pithampur, Alok Pratap Singh, president of NGO Zahreeli Gas Kand Sangarsh Morcha, who had moved the HC said.
After this, the HC ordered that the hazardous waste should be disposed of at Ankleshwar incinerator in Gujarat. Again, the NGOs of Gujarat protested against incinerating plan in that state. The Gujarat government petitioned the apex court to review it decision, Singh said.
The Supreme Court had then directed that the waste should be incinerated at Defence Research Development Organisation (DRDO) plant near Nagpur after assessing its after effects, but NGOs protested again in Maharashtra following which the state government expressed its unwillingness in court on the issue, he said.
Maharashtra Assembly passed a resolution against the disposal of the waste at DRDO, Singh said.
Later, German company GIZ handed a proposal to the MP government to dispose of the waste in Germany, Dubey said.
However, GIZ backtracked following NGOs’ protest in Germany on the issue, he said.
After this, the apex court asked that the waste should be incinerated at Pithampur and in a prelude 25-30 metric tonnes should be disposed on experimental basis, he said.
The Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) got similar waste of some organisation of Kochi in Kerala -like the one lying in Bhopal Union Carbide Factory – incinerated at Pithampur.
“Now we are waiting for words from CPCB to hand over the waste to them for incineration,” Dubey said.
After the June 7, 2010, verdict on Bhopal Gas Tragedy, the Group of Ministers (GoM) was formed to look into the problems related to the disaster. The GoM in June 2010 earmarked Rs 315 crore for disposal of waste.
The verdict on Bhopal Gas Tragedy came 25 years after poisonous gas leaked from the plant on the intervening night of December 2-3, 1984.
“…But for the people near the defunct factory, the tragedy isn’t over as they still face air and water pollution given that the hazardous waste lying in the factory was seeping into the ground,” said activist Abdul Jabbar, working for the survivors of the tragedy.

Radio Cab Business Set To Zoom On The Fast LaneYou are here: Home Corporates
Radio Cab Business Set To Zoom On The Fast Lane
NDTV | Updated On: December 01, 2014 13:50 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
The boom in the e-commerce sector in India is suddenly throwing up unlikely winners. The radio taxi business is one such winner. All of a sudden, a number of service providers have mushroomed, each claiming to provide the cheapest and best service.
The fast-growing business is attracting big funding from global players. Ola Cabs recently raised over Rs 1,200 crore from Japanese internet and telecom giant SoftBank and other investors like Tiger Global, Matrix Partners India and Steadview Capital. India's biggest taxi service provider - Meru - is also evaluating funding requirements.
The radio taxi business has also emerged as a destination of choice for premium talent. Siddhartha Pahwa, CEO of Meru Cabs told NDTV that people who have worked in companies such as Unilever, Johnson & Johnson and Microsoft are joining radio taxi companies. ( Watch Video )
The total market size of taxi business in India is estimated at around $13 billion (Rs 78,000 crore at $1=60 rupees) and the organised sector accounts for just 5 per cent (nearly Rs 4,000 crore) of the total pie.
That means companies such as Ola and Meru have huge growth potential. According to Mr Pahwa, the overall taxi business is growing at 15-20 per cent, but the radio cab business is clocking about 25-35 per cent growth.
"The cost of owning a car and employing a driver cost about Rs 33 per km on a monthly run of about 1200 km whereas radio taxis provide more convenience at a lower cost," he said.
Attracted by the fast-growing nature of business, many other players like Taxi For Sure and Carzonrent have jumped into this sector. Even global giant Uber is bullish on India.
Most companies in the sector are growing at a staggering pace. Ola Cabs' has seen its revenues jump more than 10 times over the past year. Meru Cabs has been cash-positive for the last 32 months.
Drivers on Meru's platform do a business of nearly Rs 75,000 per month and taking out expenses such as maintenance, EMIs on cars, and fuel charges, they make around Rs 20,000 to Rs 25,000 per month, the company said. This results in a win-win situation for both the service provider and the driver entrepreneurs.
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 13:50 (IST)

Long road ahead for Indian art: Christie s official'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
India is falling behind China as an emerging powerhouse on the global art scene because it rarely turns up at international art fairs or invests in new museums to promote its artists, an official at auctioneer Christie’s said.
Mainland China and India are comparable markets, with Christie’s holding its first auctions in both countries last year, but Beijing has recognized the power of art as part of its soft diplomacy.
Amin Jaffer, Christie’s International Director of Asian Art, said the Chinese government, unlike India, participates in the art market and is actively enhancing its museums while providing a conducive environment for exhibitors.
“In China, they have taken that big leap. So if Delhi had six fabulous new museums full of contemporary art, (and) people started to go, the whole market would be transformed,” Jaffer told Reuters.
India was also hampered by its failure to attend global events like the 2013 Venice Biennale, the world’s premier non-commercial art fair. It had put up a national pavilion at the 2011 event after years of skipping the fair.
“India is not represented (at Venice). This is a very major setback for the visual culture of India,” said Jaffer.
Other problems that plague the art market in India include currency regulations and import duties, but Jaffer lists a lack of emphasis on cultural policy as its biggest worry.
“(In a) country with so many priorities – health, primary healthcare, education, infrastructure – art isn’t perhaps the most significant thing,” he said.
Still, Jaffer said he was confident about India’s potential, with an annual Art Fair, events and galleries sprouting, as well as more Indian artists featuring in global exhibitions.
New York’s Guggenheim Museum is currently exhibiting the works of modern Indian artist Vasudeo Gaitonde, one of whose works sold for a record $3.4 million at Christie’s inaugural India auction last year. The 2013 auction in Mumbai doubled pre-sale expectations with total sales of $15.4 million.
A May report by art market analysts ArtTactic said confidence in the India market is at its highest since Oct. 2007.
Christie’s second art auction in India, to be held in Mumbai on Dec. 11, showcases Indian artists such as Tyeb Mehta and Gaitonde, as well as a clutch of contemporary artists and items like a pocketbook belonging to Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore that are considered non-exportable national treasures.
Mehta’s 1999 painting with a central figure of a falling bull is the highlight of the Mumbai auction, with a target price between $1.3 million and $1.9 million.
TAGS: Christie Indian Art
More from industry
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

What Makes a Victoria«Back
What Makes a Victoria
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
The hottest ticket in town Tuesday is no doubt a seat at the annual Victoria
Top Stories

Prepare for the End of Cheap Chocolate«Back
Prepare for the End of Cheap Chocolate
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Todd Masonis, co-founder at Dandelion Chocolate, and Bloomberg Pursuits writer Mark Schatzker discuss the factors impacting chocolate supplies as prices climb to meet growing demand
Top Stories

Excise duty on petrol  diesel raised  no impact on pricesExcise duty on petrol, diesel raised, no impact on prices
PTI
Tweet
NEW Delhi, Dec 2:  
The Government today raised the excise duty on petrol by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates will not be increased as oil firms decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
The second excise duty hike in three weeks will help raise an additional Rs 4,000 crore in four months to March as the Government seeks to take advantage of a slump in world oil prices to shore up its revenues without stoking inflation.
Together with Rs 1.50 a litre excise duty hike effected on November 12, the Government will mop up about Rs 10,000 crore in the remainder of the current fiscal that will help contain the Budget deficit.
With Assembly elections underway in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand and polls due in Delhi soon, the State-owned fuel retailers have decided to absorb the excise duty change.
“This (excise duty hike) is not being passed on to the consumers,” Indian Oil Corp (IOC) Chairman B Ashok told PTI.
“Since we had only yesterday revised petrol and diesel prices, we decided a change so soon is not warranted.”
The oil firms had cut petrol and diesel prices by 91 paisa a litre and 84 paisa per litre respectively to factor in a slump in international oil prices.
Asked if oil companies while revising rates yesterday had factored in a possible excise duty hike, he said the price cut was a true reflection of a fall in the international oil rate — from $93.23 per barrel in the first fortnight of November to $87.21 in the second half, and devaluation of rupee value — from Rs 61.46 to a US dollar to Rs 61.80.
“We are absorbing the excise duty increase for now. We are keeping track of the changing scenario and will take appropriate steps as the situation warrants at the next revision (due in mid-December),” Ashok said.
Excise duty on normal or unbranded petrol has been hiked from Rs 2.70 per litre to Rs 4.95 a litre and on unbranded diesel from Rs 2.96 a litre to Rs 3.96. The total incidence of excise on petrol after including special excise duty and road cess will be Rs 12.95 and that on diesel Rs 5.96 a litre.
Similarly, excise duty on branded petrol has been raised from Rs 3.85 a litre to Rs 6.10 and on branded diesel from Rs 5.25 to Rs 6.25.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Overweight on Container Corp on haulage charge hike:BarclaysDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Indian Railways has taken a sharp increase in its haulage charges to container train operators (CTOs) effective from December 5 which Container Corporation (CCRI) has mostly passed on to end customers  The company has also passed on the 10% import congestion surcharge at ports imposed by the Indian Railways. Indian Railways increased its rates by 25-27% across various categories, which is high in our view. This is the first rate adjustment by the Indian Railways in the past 20 months.
We believe that the price increase taken by CCRI protects its margins (23% EBITDA margin in 1HFY15). However, it erodes competitive advantage vis-à-vis road transport which has further benefitted from the recent correction in diesel prices.
We highlight that 73% container traffic in India is driven on roads, thus any pricing advantage is likely to further benefit road operators.
Historically, price increases taken by CCRI have mostly remained in line with the road freight rates in India which has maintained its competitiveness, however we believe this recent tariff increase may impact this equilibrium in the near term. We retain our overweight rating on Container Corporation.
By Barclays
TAGS: Indian Railways
More from indianmarkets

Climate change to hit 46 mn-hectarefarmlandSugar prices under pressure over Brazilian dumping
The government has identified 46 million hectare of agricultural land spread across 122 districts that is likely to be adversely impacted by extreme weather events and cause decline in farm output, agriculture minster Radha Mohan Singh on Tuesday said.
“Uncertain and erratic rainfall, delay in onset of monsoon, agricultural droughts, excess rainfall events and other extreme weather events during crop growing seasons may affect agricultural productivity and profitability of the farming community including small and marginal farmers,” Singh said in Lok Sabha.
The agricultural output in the vulnerable districts  spread across states including Andhra Pradesh, Telengana, Gujarat, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Odisha, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh are likely to be impacted because of frequent erratic rainfall pattern.
Singh said that Indian Council for Agricultural Research (ICAR), under the agriculture ministry, has prepared vulnerability assessment on major food crops in different production zones to climate variability under the National Initiative on Climate Resilient Agriculture.
“The ICAR study revealed that around 81.3 million hectare in arid, semi-arid and dry sub-humid regions of the country may suffer from extreme weather condition and out of these, 46 million hectare are agricultural land,” he said.
ICAR,in association with state agriculture universities and concerned state departments, has developed agricultural contingency plans of 580 districts, which helps farmers and administration dealing with extreme weather conditions.
Meanwhile, ICAR had conducted climate change impact analysis on crop yields using crop simulations models and it has predicted reduction in crop yield for irrigated maize and wheat of about 18% and 6% annually, respectively, while the output of irrigated and rainfed rice is expected to decline by 4% and 6%, respectively, by 2020.
“Rainfed rice yield in India is likely to be lower by close to 6% by 2020 but, in 2050 and 2080 scenarios, the output is projected to decrease only marginally,” the ICAR report has stated.
However, the study projected increases in kharif soybean yield of 8% and 13% by 2030 and 2080, respectively. Even the output of groundnut is projected to increase by 4% and 7% in 2020 and 2050, respectively.
Climate change is likely to benefit potato-growers in Punjab, Haryana and western and central Uttar Pradesh, with 3-7% increase in output by 2030.
The government had launched National Mission for Sustainable Agriculture  in the current fiscal with budgetary allocation of R1,500 crore which aims at making agriculture more productive, sustainable, remunerative and climate resilient by promoting location specific farming system.
The country produced 106.5 million tonne (mt) of rice in 2013-14, with around 44 million hectare of land under cultivation.
This year, the cyclone Hudhud had hit many districts of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh’s coast, which may impact rice production  in these states, an agriculture ministry official told FE.
TAGS: Andhra Pradesh Rajasthan Rice
More from commodities
‘Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT William D Dar, director general of International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (Icrisat) which has its global headquarters in Hyderabad, has transformed the organisation into one of the best international agricultural research for development (AR4D) centres in terms of innovative and inclusive research programmes for better financial health and stability. In an interaction […]

The Arab spring idealist who died for IsisThe Arab spring idealist who died for Isis
Borzou Daragahi
Egyptian’s radicalisation a story of despair, say friends
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/97130d46-7952-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

November Services Activity Grows at Fastest Pace in 5 Months: PMIBengaluru: Activity in India's services sector expanded at its fastest rate in five months in November, driven by surging new orders as firms cut prices on tumbling raw material costs, a business survey showed on Wednesday.
The outlook was clouded, however, by business confidence slumping to a more than seven-year low.
The HSBC Services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), compiled by Markit, rose to 52.6 in November. Growth in October had stalled at 50, the level that demarcates growth from contraction.
"Despite the uptick in order flows, business sentiment deteriorated, reminding us that continued policy action that addresses investor concerns is needed to sustain growth momentum," said Pranjul Bhandari, chief India economist at HSBC.
The new business sub-index accelerated to 52.5 in November, its highest since July, signaling improving demand as firms cut prices for the first time in over four years.
A sharp fall in global crude oil prices coupled with softer food costs lowered consumer inflation in India to 5.52 per cent in October.
The survey showed input costs for services firms fell for the first time in over five years in November.
Indian economic growth slowed to 5.3 per cent in the third quarter of 2014 from 5.7 per cent in the prior quarter.
The Reserve Bank of India kept key interest rates unchanged on Tuesday but hinted at a possible cut early next year if inflation remained subdued and the government controlled the fiscal deficit.
The government has identified key areas for reform, such as raising foreign investment caps on various sectors and reducing subsidies, although most of those plans have yet to be implemented.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Egypt court sentences 188 to deathPrint
In this photo provided by Egypt's state news agency MENA, Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi speaks in front of the state-run TV ahead of a military funeral for troops killed in an assault in the Sinai Peninsula, as he stands with army commanders in Cairo, Egypt, Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Cairo |
Posted: December 3, 2014 12:09 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 12:47 pm
An Egyptian court has sentenced 188 people to death for a violent attack on a police station in the restive town Giza after the ouster of president Mohamed Morsi last year and the matter will now go before the country’s top religious authority.
The ruling which came yesterday found the defendants guilty of attacking the Kerdasa police station on August 14, 2013, the same day when Egyptian security forces dispersed two Brotherhood protest sit-in camps in Cairo and Giza, killing hundreds of people.
They were also found guilty of the attempted murder of 10 other police personnel, sabotaging the police station, torching a number of police vehicles and possessing heavy firearms. The ruling has now been referred to Egypt’s Grand Mufti, a requirement in Egyptian law before any execution can be carried out. The decision is legally non-binding to the court.
The court said that the sentences will be confirmed on January 24. Out of the 188, only 135 were present while the rest were tried in absentia. This is the latest mass death sentence handed down by the country’s judicial system despite widespread international criticism.
Defence lawyer Bahaa Abdel-Rahman told Ahram Online that among the defendants were two persons who died during the trial, but who weren’t dropped from the trial, along with a minor. The ruling came days after an Egyptian court dropped charges against former president Hosni Mubarak, his minister of interior and six aides over killing unarmed protesters in the 2011 revolution.
Since Morsi’s ouster last year, the Egyptian government has been cracking down on the Muslim Brotherhood and its supporters. In March, 529 Muslim Brotherhood members were sentenced to death for killing a police officer in last year.
Morsi is currently in prison over charges of murdering peaceful protesters, espionage, escaping from prison during the January 25 Revolution in 2011 and insulting the judiciary.

RBI Seen Going Big When Cutting RatesYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Seen Going Big When Cutting Rates
Reuters | Updated On: December 03, 2014 13:12 (IST)
An RBI rate cut is now seen as a given, some analysts say. Debates in markets have now shifted to the extent of rate cuts, they added.
The analysts expect RBI to cut rates by 50 basis points at one stroke sometime in Feb-April.
"Since the RBI believes that its actions will have a powerful signaling impact on investment sentiment, the first cut may well be 50 bps," Deutsche Bank says in a note.
Deutsche, Citi expect 100 basis points in rate cuts between Feb 2015 and March 2016.
One-year OIS is down 67 basis points since end of September.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Monte Carlo IPO: Should you investAll about the Monte Carlo IPO: Should you invest?
Team Money Today     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 15:57 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Monte Carlo Fashion Limited, a 30-year-old retailer and manufacturer of woollen and cotton apparels, and home furnishing products, is planning to raise around Rs 350 crore by selling 54.33 lakh shares through an initial public offer (IPO), which open for subscription on 3 December, 2014. The shares are issued at a price band of Rs 630-Rs 645. Subscription will close on 5 December 2014. Money Today gives you a low down on the IPO.
All about the Monte Carlo IPO
COMPANY DETAILS
The 30-year-old company is a retailer and manufacturer of Monte Carlo brands of woollen and cotton apparels and home furnishing products.  Woollen (excluding woven) and cotton apparels contributed 40% and 38% of its total revenue during 2013-14. Home furnishing products (mink blankets, quilts and bed sheets), a segment in which the company entered in 2012-13, accounted for 7% of the total revenue in 2013-14.
The company has two manufacturing units in Ludhiana-one for woollen and one for cotton apparels. However, most of manufacturing work is outsourced to third parties.
The company distributes its products through ' Monte Carlo Exclusive Brand Outlets' and a network of multi-brand outlets (MBOs). As on June 30, 2014 there were 196 'Monte Carlo Exclusive Brand Outlets' in India, two 'MonteCarlo Exclusive Brand Outlets' in Dubai and one 'Monte Carlo Exclusive Brand Outlets' in Kathmandu, Nepal.
Out of the 196 'Monte Carlo Exclusive Brand Outlets' in India, 18 are owned and operated by our Company and the rest are operated by different franchisees. It also sells its products through over 1,300 MBOs. Of late, it has also entered into distribution agreements with some of the leading online retailers.
PROMOTERS
Promoters Jawahar Lal Oswal, Kamal Oswal, Dinesh Oswal, Monica Oswal, Ruchika Oswal, SMCL and SSCL, and other promoter groups together hold 81% of the issued, subscribed and paid-up equity share capital. Samara Capital, a Mauritius-based private equity firm, through its affiliate KIL, holds 18.51% of the pre-offer capital in the company.
Through the IPO, promoters and promoter groups will offload 17.42% of their holding and KIL would offload 7.58%. Post-issue, the promoters and promoter group will own 63.63% stake in the company.
The proceeds of the issue will not be utilised by the company for business expansion but will go to the selling shareholders.
FINANCIALS AND VALUATIONS
The company posted sales revenue of Rs 519 crore in 2013-14, a 25% jump from the previous year. It made a profit (after tax) of Rs 55 crore during the year, an increase of 12% over the previous year. Since 2011-12, the company has seen its profit margin falling from 13% to 10.6%.
In terms of debt, the company is comfortably placed with debt/equity ratio of 0.22. In the past three financial years, the debt/equity ratio has remained below 0.5.
Based on the price band of the issue (Rs 630-645) and the March 31, 2014 earnings per share of Rs 25.45, the issue is valued at a Price-Earnings multiple of around 25. Going by the current valuation of some of similar stocks-- Kewal Kiran Clothing (PE of 34, based on December 2, 2014 price), Zodiac Clothing (49), Kitex Garments (38) and Page Industries (62)-the issue has been fairly valued.
POSITIVES
The Monte Carlo brand has a good brand recall value . It mostly operates in the premium category, though it has diversified into economy segment through Cloak and Decker brand.
The company has also entered into the high growth kids segment and popular home furnishing segment.
The company has an asset-light model, under which it outsource most of the products from third party. This model helps it keep costs low and margins relatively higher.
The company has a strong distribution network-exclusive outlets and multiple brand outlets. With the popularity of online retail outlets, the company can further leverage their network to boost sales.
NEGATIVES
The company operates in a very competitive segment with many foreign as well as domestic brands vying for consumer interest. Besides, it is virtually non-existent in the overseas market.
It is a family-run company with members Oswal family holding 63% stake post-IPO. As in any family-run business, corporate governance can be an issue.
OUR VERDICT
Purely on valuation basis, the IPO looks like a decent short- and medium-term buy. Though, in the long run, the company will have to prove it can consistently generate good profit margins and post higher (above 20%) return on equity.

BSE regains Rs 100-trillion mark; slips again at closing bellDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Leading stock exchange BSE today regained Rs 100 trillion mark in terms of total market wealth of all listed firms, but slipped marginally below this level in the end.
The milestone was reached for the first time in intra-day trade on Friday last week, but the overall market cap, also known as total investors’ wealth, had slipped marginally below this level at the end of trading session that day.
At the close of today’s trading session, the total BSE market cap stood at Rs 99,63,758 crore, as against a peak of Rs 1,00,40,408 crore or Rs 100.4 trillion scaled just a few minutes earlier.
The benchmark index Sensex ended flat with a marginal fall of 1.30 points at 28.442.71, but 17 out of the 30 Sensex stocks ended the day with gains. Overall, more than 200 stocks hit their 52-week highs on the BSE today.
BSE is among the world’s ten largest exchanges in terms of market value, while it is the largest globally for number of firms listed on its platform. It has over 4,000 actively traded companies and nearly 2.7 crore investors trade on it.
In US dollar terms, the BSE market cap now stands at over USD 1.6 trillion and it has added more than USD 500 billion (Rs 29 lakh crore) this year itself.
The total market cap has more than doubled in the last five years from Rs 50 lakh crore in 2009, while it has grown ten-times since first scaling Rs 10 lakh crore level in 2003.
The Sensex has gained by about one-third so far this year, while the 30 Sensex companies alone, which are among the biggest companies in the country, now account for nearly 50 per cent or about Rs 47 lakh crore of total investor wealth.
This includes TCS, the country’s most valued firm and the only entity to have a market value of over Rs 5 lakh crore, followed by state-run ONGC and private sector behemoth Reliance Industries with market caps of over Rs 3 lakh crore each.
Six companies — ITC, Infosys, SBI, HDFC Bank, Coal India and ICICI Bank — have market cap of over Rs two lakh crore each, while that of 11 others (HDFC, Sun Pharma, HUL, Bharti Airtel, L&T, Wipro, Tata Motors, Axis Bank, NTPC, HCL Tech and Maruti) is over Rs one lakh crore.
TAGS: Bse
More from indianmarkets

Insurance FDI hike gets a step closer. Will New Foreign Players come inNew Member
0 Follower
who else do we need....many have already come in...a few are quitting...I don`t understand govt policy of incrementally raising FDI cap..Make it 100% and see what happens
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
12.50 PM Dec 4th

Bhopal Gas Tragedy: MP CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan says must balance environment  developmentIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
Laying emphasis on striking a balance between environment and development on the 30th anniversary of Bhopal Gas tragedy here, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan today said all measures should be taken to avert a repeat of such an industrial disaster.
“Development at what cost and for whom, people should think over it as today is the day to ponder on this issue. We must realise that there is a need to strike a balance between environment and development to avoid recurrence of such a tragedy,” Chouhan said.
The Chief Minister said it was difficult to imagine what the victims had gone through on that fateful night (the intervening night of December 2-3, 1984). The poisonous gas had affected large number of people and ruined their lives.
“I pay my tributes to all of them who suffered because of the tragedy,” Chouhan said.
The Chief Minister informed that the state government has already given Rs 3,840 crore compensation to 5.74 lakh affected persons and has proposed to give an additional Rs 675 crore to them.
Earlier, an all-religion prayer was held at the Barkatullah Bhawan to pay homage to victims of the tragedy.
The NGOs working for the rights of the affected persons also took out protest rallies in old Bhopal area where the defunct Union Carbide factory is situated and burnt effigies.
They demanded adequate compensation, proper medical treatment and severe punishment to those responsible for the tragedy.
Meanwhile, at the rally organised for the 30th anniversary of Union Carbide disaster here, five organizations of survivors’ made an appeal to people all over the world to put pressure on responsible parties to end the suffering in the fourth decade.
They asked supporters to help make Union Carbide, USA and its 100 per cent owner Dow Chemical acknowledge their roles in the continuing human suffering in Bhopal and make amends so that a realistic goal of ending the disaster by 2024 can be achieved.
The organisations alleged that the Governments of USA and India were directly responsible for neglecting the ongoing tragedy caused by the worldâ€™s worst industrial disaster.
They charged both the governments of protecting corporate interests over the lives and health of common man and sought reflection and course-correction for ending the disaster.
In a letter to the US President Obama, the survivors’ organisations asked that his government “acknowledge the central role played by the United States government in the creation of the disaster in Bhopal and in the denial of justice to the victims.”
The five organisations that took out protest march today were: Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Stationery Karmchari Sangh, Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Purush Sangharsh Morcha, Bhopal Gas Peedit Nirashrit Pensionbhogi Sangharsh Morcha, Bhopal Group for Information and Action Children Against Dow Carbide.
A separtate meeting to pay respects to the victims of gas tragedy was also organised at Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Udyog Sangthan headed by its Convenor, Abdul Jabbar at Shahjehani Park.
TAGS: Bhopal Gas Tragedy
More from economy

Risk Management - Wealth Management25k AED per month plus benefits
Further information
My client is a Wealth Management Company in the Dubai International Financial Centre providing asset management focused on a variety of products including Equities, Fixed Income, Real Estate, FX, Private Equity, VC, Structured Products and Commodities.
They are looking for a Risk Manager.
You will be responsible for:
Planning, designing and implementing an overall risk management process
Risk assessment, analyzing risks, identifying, pinpointing and estimating the risks affecting the business
Risk evaluation, comparing forecasted risks with set criteria
Ensuring, establishing and quantifying limited risk appetite
Prepare and present risk reports to the board of directors, SEO, Compliance and the CFO
Ensuring employees understand their accountability for individual risk
Provide advice on Asset and Liability Management (ALM) for an end-to-end basis i.e. policy review, system design and implementation and ALM operating model ongoing monitoring
Prepare relevant reports with reference to DFSA Regulation
Ensure RMs respect the limits and regulations as set out by DFSA
Loss prevention and control services
Monitor external partners activities ensuring they comply with the investment guidelines
This role will be based in the DIFC, operating under DFSA regulations. My client is looking for a Risk Manager who has experience of operating under DFSA regulations. You will have ideally some risk experience with a degree in in Accounting, Financial Management, and Business Administration. You will have fluent English and Arabic languages.
Jonson Beaumont
Jonson Beaumont provides specialist recruitment services in the professional services sector. We recruit accounts, finance, IT, human resource and operations staff
Options

BPCL to Invest Over $740 Million in Petrochemicals PushYou are here: Home Corporates
BPCL to Invest Over $740 Million in Petrochemicals Push
Reuters | Updated On: December 03, 2014 18:19 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Mumbai: Bharat Petroleum Corp on Wednesday said it will invest Rs 4,588 crore ($741.44 million) to diversify into the petrochemicals business, a move that will help the state refiner expand beyond refining and retailing and boost margins.
BPCL will produce niche petrochemical products that are predominantly imported into the country, at its Kochi refinery using propylene that will be available once the ongoing refinery expansion is completed, the company said in a statement.
The state-owned company plans to boost capacity at its Kochi refinery to 310,000 barrels per day (bpd) from the current 190,000 bpd by May 2016.
The project proposal will now be submitted for obtaining environmental clearance and the petrochemical unit is expected to come on stream during financial year 2018-2019, BPCL said.
($1 = Rs 61.88)

Balaji Telefilms to Pick Majority Stake in Marinating FilmsYou are here: Home Corporates
Balaji Telefilms to Pick Majority Stake in Marinating Films
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 03, 2014 23:35 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Balaji Telefilms Ltd on Wednesday said it will buy a 51 per cent stake in Marinating Films Pvt Ltd.
The company, however, did not reveal the amount for which it will acquire majority stake in Marinating Films.
"The company has signed a share purchase agreement with Marinating Films Pvt Ltd (MFPL) on December 3, 2014, and by virtue of this agreement the company will purchase and hold 51 per cent of the paid-up equity share capital of MFPL," Balaji Telefilms said in a filing to the BSE.
MFPL is the owner of the concept, format and all proprietary rights and intellectual property rights in Box Cricket League, The Indian Telly Calender and Indian Telly Style Awards and organises BCL, ITC and ITSA on a yearly basis.
In October this year, Ekta Kapoor-promoted Balaji Telefilms also signed a Limited Liability Partnership pact with Select Media Holding Pvt Ltd to form event management firm Event Media LLP.
Event Media will be engaged in organising and/or managing all kinds of events, including events relating to film and TV industry including creation of new intellectual property or value addition.
Shares in Balaji Telefilms, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 74.70 apiece on the BSE, up 4.04 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 21:32 (IST)

Companies Act Amendments Seen Making Related Party Deal Norms EasierYou are here: Home Industries
Companies Act Amendments Seen Making Related Party Deal Norms Easier
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 03, 2014 22:38 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: The proposed amendments to the companies law will make it easier for corporates to get shareholders' nod for related party transactions.
The Cabinet on Tuesday approved 14 changes to various provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, including those pertaining to related party transactions and fraud reporting requirement for auditors.
It has been proposed to replace "special resolution with ordinary resolution" for approval of related party transactions by non-related shareholders.
This would address problems faced by large stakeholders who are related parties.
Special resolutions require approval of at least 75 per cent shareholders while for ordinary resolutions the requirement is a minimum of 50 per cent.
Besides, related party transactions between holding companies and wholly-owned subsidiaries have been exempted from the requirement of approval of non-related shareholders.
There have been demands from various stakeholders, including corporates, for certain changes in the new companies law, most of whose provisions came into effect from April 1.
Sai Venkateshwaran, partner and head of accounting advisory services at KPMG in India, said the proposed amendments to the Act within such a short time shows the intent of the government to improve the ease of doing business in India.
According to him, the amendments seeks to partly align the provision of the Act with that of Sebi norms but in some other aspects, it has sought to provide greater relaxation.
"The amendment exempting transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries and allowing companies to obtain omnibus approvals from the Audit Committee for related party transactions seeks to align the Act with similar changes that have been introduced by Sebi," he said in a statement on Wednesday.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), the country's capital market regulator, requires a special resolution for material transactions and only non-related party shareholders are permitted to vote where the amendment proposed in the Act is that only an ordinary resolution would be required.
Besides, all related parties who are not interested in the specific transaction would be permitted to vote.
"...this move seems to be emanating from the hardship being faced by corporates who may not have been able to get minority shareholders' approval on proposed transactions. However, in the case of listed companies, the stricter of the two norms would apply," Mr Venkateshwaran said.
The Cabinet has approved 14 proposed amendments to the companies law.
The Corporate Affairs Ministry has shown its positive intent to correct the anomalies in the Companies Act 2013 and difficulties faced by the corporate sector in implementing norms such as those pertaning to related party transactions, said Harinderjit Singh, partner at Price Waterhouse.
"I hope that the Ministry of Corporate Affairs will continue its journey to correct the pain points of the stakeholders including mandatory firm rotation for private limited companies including subsidiary of foreign companies," he said in a statement.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 19:35 (IST)

Central Bank of India to Raise Rs 626 Crore From Preferential Issue to LICYou are here: Home Corporates
Central Bank of India to Raise Rs 626 Crore From Preferential Issue to LIC
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 03, 2014 19:50 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: State-owned Central Bank of India on Wednesday said that it would raise about Rs 626 crore through preferential allotment of shares to Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), the country's largest insurer, to fund business growth.
The capital raising committee of the board approved raising of additional equity capital by issuance of up to 8.28 crore shares at Rs 75.55 per equity, Central Bank of India said in a statement.
The bank would raise Rs 626.23 crore by allotting shares on preferential basis to LIC.
This would be subject to approval of Government of India, Reserve Bank of India, shareholders and other statutory authorities, it said.
The board has also decided to hold an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) of shareholders on December 30 to consider and pass the necessary special resolution and fixed November 28, 2014 as the relevant date for the purpose of determining the issue price, it added.
Shares in Central Bank of India, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 79.60 apiece on the BSE, down 0.56 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 18:43 (IST)

Airbus defence units offices raidedAirbus defence arm’s offices raided in German probe
Peggy Hollinger, Industry Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3da8dc44-7b06-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Police investigate the mysterious stabbing death of an American teacher in an Abu Dhabi bathroomBy Abby Phillip December 3 Follow @abbydphillip
This image from video released by the Abu Dhabi police department shows a veiled suspect in the stabbing of an American teacher in a shopping mall restroom as seen on security camera footage in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. (Abu Dhabi police via AP)
Police are investigating the fatal stabbing of a 37-year-old American teacher in a bathroom of an upscale mall in Abu Dhabi on Monday.
Abu Dhabi police released video footage Wednesday of a suspect wearing a traditional black abaya, which covers the entire body, and a niqab covering the face except for the eyes, as the person enters and flees the Boutik Mall before and after the incident.
DISCRETION ADVISED: Security footage released by the Abu Dhabi police shows a suspect entering and exiting the mall. It includes some images of the crime scene.
An American kindergarten teacher was stabbed to death in a mall in Abu Dhabi, UAE, according to Abu Dhabi Interior Ministry. The police released a surveillance video showing a suspect wearing a full black veil commonly worn by local women throughout the Arab Gulf region. (YouTube/theabudhabipolice)
The woman, who has not been identified, was a nursery school teacher, according to Agence France Presse. She has 11-year-old twins who are temporarily in police custody until her ex-husband arrives to care for them, Abu Dhabi news organization   the National reported .
"Investigations are still under way to identify the suspect's identity and gender," a police statement said, according to Reuters .  "Witnesses reported that the culprit was fully covered wearing an abaya, black gloves and face cover."
The attack came after a fight broke out between the suspect and the woman, said Col. Rashid Borshid, head of the Criminal Investigation Department, in a statement, according to CBS News .
"The Abu Dhabi Police will spare no effort in order to unveil this heinous crime and bring the culprit to justice," Borshid said in the statement.
According to the National , a witness who worked in the mall, Vithi Cuc, heard one person threaten, "‘Sit down or I'll kill you.' " And she said another person called out for help.
The woman died after being taken to a hospital. According to Reuters, police said that she was stabbed with a "sharp tool." Video released along with the surveillance footage shows images of the bloody scene, including a large, bloody knife. The Washington Post could not independently confirm the veracity of the video.
The use of security camera footage in public places is very common in the UAE. In 2010, CCTV footage played a role in the investigation of the killing of Hamas commander  Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai .
Random crime is rare in the UAE, but there are regular reports of stabbings and violence among the large expat community, particularly with the South Asian workers, who mostly work in construction. Often the crimes are linked to debts and underground activity such as alcohol smuggling.
Like Dubai, Abu Dhabi, the oil-rich capital of the United Arab Emirates, is a popular city for Westerners and Americans. The mall is on Reem Island, an upscale area undergoing extensive development as part of the expanded city.
And at a time when the U.S. and other countries, including the UAE, are stepping up airstrikes against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , the stabbing has raised concerns that it may be terror-related.
According to AFP, the Dec. 1 incident came on the same day that an Islamic State spokesman, Abu Mohammed al-Adnani, incited attacks against Westerners.
And in October, the U.S. Embassy and the UAE posted a statement saying that a call for attacks on American teachers in the region was posted on a jihadist Web forum, but there was no credible evidence that there was a plot afoot, according to Reuters.
Brian Murphy contributed to this report.
 
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Ahmed al-Darawy  a police officer turned revolutionary  had been a mainstay of Egypts uprising in Tahrir SquareThe Arab spring idealist who died for Isis
Borzou Daragahi
Egyptian’s radicalisation a story of despair, say friends
©FT montage
Ahmed al-Darawy was a pro-democracy activist who ran for parliament, but became disillusioned after Egypt's 2013 military coup. He died fighting for Isis
He had held on for months. But when the Islamists and leftists, who had united in the 2011 revolution he had championed, began fighting each other on the streets of Cairo in late 2012, something inside him snapped.
Ahmed al-Darawy, a one-time police officer turned revolutionary, had been a mainstay of Egypt’s uprising in Tahrir Square .
“He told me, ‘That’s it! That’s the beginning of the end’,” recalls his brother, Haytham, younger by two years. “He told me, ‘Did you see what happened? The revolution is coming to an end, and the counter-revolution will rise. There is blood now between them, they will never reunite. And this means they are both going to be wiped out.’”
Once gregarious and outspoken, he became reclusive, shying away from public life. After the July 2013 coup d’état felled the country’s Islamist president Mohamed Morsi and led to the installation of a military-backed regime, Darawy left the country, telling relatives he was seeking medical care.
More
Afghanistan ‘This is not over yet’
The call came on May 29, 2014. Darawy, a 38-year-old father of three, had died on the battlefields of Iraq, the man said. The one-time democracy activist, who had run for the Egyptian parliament in 2012 as an independent, had joined the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , an al-Qaeda offshoot known as Isis, and died in battle.
“The Darawy matter actually horrifies me,” says Yasser al-Hawary, 36, a liberal Egyptian activist. “He adopted the same demands and ideas as all of us and he was just like anybody else. This means other people, that don’t show violence , could join Isis as well.”
Darawy’s path from non-violent democracy activist to fighter for a group so extreme it has been disowned by al-Qaeda reflects the unsettling course of the Arab revolts of 2011. A heady season of hope and optimism that stirred longings for democracy and citizenship rights also unleashed demons many observers did not expect: political repression, internecine and sectarian fighting, and chaos in what had been authoritarian societies.
With the possible exception of Tunisia , all the nations that have risen up are now mired in intensified repression or armed conflict. A moment of hope that the Arab world was emerging from authoritarianism has been eclipsed by Isis and its efforts to draw men and women like Darawy into its orbit.
“This story is very important,” says Fawaz Gerges, a professor of Middle Eastern politics at the London School of Economics and the author of a book on jihadis. “Not only does it tell us about Egypt’s past, present and future, but also it tells us how the great aspirations and hopes of the so-called Arab spring have turned into despair, and how some of these men have turned to jihadism.”
Darawy belies the stereotype of jihadis as misfits. He was born to university educated parents in 1976, and grew up in Cairo’s upscale Maadi suburb. Those who knew him and his family describe them as well-to-do. Darawy’s sister studied at the expensive American University of Cairo. Darawy received a prestigious spot to study law enforcement at the police academy.
”We were not just middle-class, we are a rich family,” says Haytham, who now lives in the Gulf.
After years as a cop, Darawy became disillusioned with the police, under the interior ministry, known for its brutality and corruption. “He saw what the regime was doing,” says Mr Hawary.
He left the police to join Etisalat , the country’s UAE-operated mobile phone carrier, as a marketing manager setting up sponsorship arrangements with local sports clubs for the company. His brother says Darawy and his wife earned the equivalent of $7,000 a month in a country where monthly income averages $500.
Activists recall meeting him first in late 2010, at the offices of the Socialist Renewal Current, among the liberal and leftist groups that spearheaded the drive into the streets the following January. “He was very expressive and outspoken and was very balanced in his ideas,” says Mr Hawary. “He was in harmony with us.”
He became a leading figure in the tent community that sprang up on Tahrir Square in the days before longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak was toppled in February 2011.
“He had indescribable hope and energy,” says his brother. “I once told him, ‘Ahmed, I think your activism is affecting your work and your home.’ So he told me something very important; that the future of the country is being formed now, we are making history.”
But Darawy was no starry-eyed idealist dreaming of transformation. Not only had he been a police officer but he had worked in the private sector and was by the time of the revolution a parent. He knew how institutions operated and understood the slow pace of reform, so when he came forward to call for reform of the interior ministry, his proposal was full of concrete steps to improve an organisation whose abuses lay at the heart of the 2011 rebellion.
He urged a reduction in work hours, paperwork and administrative tasks to encourage the police to provide proper security, as well as salary reforms and training programmes to reduce brutality. “He wanted police resources to be focused on the security of the citizen,” says his brother.
He told friends he was even willing to take a salary cut to rejoin the police if it would help bring about change. But despite pitching his reform package to a succession of interim governments, including that of Mr Morsi, his ideas were never embraced. “All his efforts failed,” says Mohamed Qassas, a fellow activist. “His reforms were mentioned in the media but never got anywhere.”
As Egypt’s transition moved toward electoral politics, Darawy made a spirited parliamentary run for a seat in his home district, declining an offer to run on the Muslim Brotherhood list and instead winning the backing of the leftist Revolution Continues coalition as well as the Salafist Nour party.
Provisional figures compiled by campaign volunteers showed that he and another candidate had received the most votes and were headed for a run-off, but the election committee declared that Mostafa Bakri, a pro-regime journalist, had won outright.
“There was no evidence but there were suspicions that the election was forged against him,” says Mr Hawary. “Of course he was angry and sad. Most of the revolutionary youth ran for this election and almost none of us made it.”
Presidential elections, too, proved frustrating. Darawy was among those who supported Abdul-Moneim Aboul Fotouh, the ex-Muslim Brotherhood leader who had reinvented himself as a liberal embracing the spirit of the Tahrir revolution. But the candidate lost in the first round of voting.
©Reuters
Though described by some as a moderate Islamist , Darawy maintained friendships with fellow revolutionaries including leftists and liberals.
The end of that solidarity between Islamists and secular revolutionaries marked the beginning of Darawy’s transformation. The violent December 2012 confrontations at the Ittihadiya presidential palace, in which liberal and leftist activists clashed with Morsi supporters, marked the first time the two cornerstones of the Tahrir uprising fought each other. Such confrontations between Islamists and their opponents also undermined the Syrian uprising against Bashar al-Assad, turned Libya’s factions against each other and marred Tunisia’s transition.
“The unity of the masses, the unity of the poor, the middle class, the professionals and the human rights activists was one of the main features of the revolutions,” says Mr Gerges. “But beyond the unity against dictators there was no unity of purpose, no vision and no blueprint of the future. The idea was that the revolution was going to take care of itself, which is a very silly thing.”
Darawy was ill-prepared for the blow. To him, the revolution was quickly careening toward disaster. To associates, he appeared to side with the Islamists, accusing the secular activists of instigating the Ittihadiya violence. Facing a choice between his liberal ideas and Islamist identity, he chose the latter.
After the clashes, Darawy drifted away from Egyptian politics and became more and more obsessed with the unfolding tragedy in Syria , where the Assad government had turned a peaceful uprising into a civil war pitting a regime dominated by members of his heterodox Shia sect against an armed Sunni rebellion drawing fighters from as far away as North America.
“He was always talking about the Arab revolutions, about Syria and how we must rescue the people there,” said Mohamed Abbas, an Islamist-leaning fellow activist now working at a think-tank in the Gulf. “He was in deep grief that the revolutions ended up this way.”
Across the Arab world television broadcasts of cheering pro-democracy protesters waving flags gave way to images of Syrian children killed by the Assad regime’s barrel bombs. Mr Abbas says he fears the dreary course of the Arab revolutions has discredited a budding belief in the democratic process among Arab youth.
“They try out new methods to force the world to hear their voice and to change the [political] reality they reject by their own hands,” he says.
Darawy is thought to have joined protests in favour of Mr Morsi in the summer of 2013, as an outpouring of anger against the Islamist government began to swell. Army officer Abdel Fattah al-Sisi overthrew Mr Morsi in a popularly backed July 2013 coup. The crushing of Morsi supporters weeks later in a violent crackdown at Rabaa Adawiya Square has become a rallying cry for Islamist-leaning youth.
While both hardcore Islamists in the Arab world and disaffected Muslims in the west have made the journey to Isis , very few of those who took part in the uprisings in Tahrir Square or along Bourguiba Avenue in Tunis have ended up joining the group.
Darawy disappeared shortly after the violence at Rabaa Adawiya Square. During one conversation with Mr Abbas around that time he spoke emotionally about the failures of the Arab uprisings. “He was very sad and angry,” says Mr Abbas. “He was always using the language of complete despair. ‘We’re going down the toilet,’ he would say.”
At some point in the autumn of 2013 he was dismissed from his job. A telephone number his brother managed to locate for him has never worked. “Even his wife, her information about him was very poor,” his brother recalls. “She would go for a long time not able to communicate with him.”
Then suddenly, in February, Darawy contacted his younger brother via the internet. “He said take care of mum and dad; we wore them out when we were children,” recalls his brother. “And it didn’t occur to me that he was saying goodbye.” It was the last time the two men communicated.
Haytham, who has been struggling to reconstruct the last few months of his brother’s life, says he believes he first joined the jihadi group, Jabhat al-Nusra, before becoming an Isis commander once it began to dominate the Syrian rebellion in late 2013. He has yet to locate his brother’s body or discover the exact circumstances of his death. One Syrian rebel leader alleges Darawy died at the hands of Iraqi forces in Tikrit.
An Isis supporter claims he died in a suicide operation, while another says he was leader of a unit of Egyptian jihadis fighting in Syria’s northeast. Months after his family learned of his death, pictures of him holding an assault rifle began appearing on the internet. The story of Darawy’s path from police officer to revolutionary to Isis fighter has, for some, become a cautionary tale of infiltration of the security forces as well as a way to paint the Arab uprisings as a cover for extremist Islam.
Such caricatures do not adequately describe Isis recruits such as Darawy. “People are joining Isis simply because there is no other game in town and until very recently it has been very successful,” says James Dorsey, a writer and researcher who has written about Nidhal Selmi, a Tunisian footballer who died as an Isis fighter. “You have people who join who don’t share in great detail its ideology but see very little alternative to effecting change and therefore see it as a vehicle.”
In depth
Egypt under Sisi
After the army’s ousting of the country’s first elected leader, the Islamist Mohamed Morsi, its former chief has inherited a divided country
In interviews with those who knew him, the word used repeatedly to explain Darawy’s transformation is “despair” over the course of events in the Arab world. “We had huge ambitions,” says Mr Qassas, pondering his coffee at a café in central Cairo. “Everybody had visions of change and transformation and democracy and citizenship rights. When none of these ambitions was realised the disappointment was as high as the ambition.”
The same despair has driven some of the revolutionaries in Egypt into exile or depression, self-destruction and suicide, including Zainab al-Mahdi, a well-regarded activist who hanged herself in her Cairo flat in November. The loosely organised, spontaneous uprisings that felled longtime dictatorships ill-prepared their partisans for the long, fierce battles needed to bring about fundamental social change.
“Historically, what’s happening is very normal; the upheavals, the tensions and the counter-revolution,” says Mr Gerges. “What’s happening in Egypt and the Arab world is not unique. It is the aftershock of the social earthquake. It could take many years for things to calm down and subside.”
Haytham has taken custody of his brother’s children, moving them to the Gulf.
“My feelings towards Ahmed will never be altered. I have been proud of him since I was a kid. He is my big brother,” he says. “I will never question why he did this or that. God bless him and reward him for his actions during his life. I will never be ashamed, and I will always be proud of him.”
Related Topics

Venezuelas new best friend  Goldman SachsSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Wall Street climbs to record highsWall Street climbs to record highs
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6548373c-7a9c-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Germany to step up emissions cut effortGermany to redouble efforts to meet 2020 emission targets
Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a466fbbc-7af4-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The woman trying to tame the roubleDecember 3, 2014 10:06 am
The woman trying to tame the rouble
Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba20c594-7abf-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Eritreans arrested for people smugglingEritreans arrested for people smuggling
James Politi in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1105359e-7b32-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sweden calls election as government fallsMarch elections called in Sweden as government collapses
Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a7f309c-7abf-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

KKR buys into solar-powered greenhouses© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d779f4ca-7ade-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Post deregulation  drop in diesel price passes through to freight billIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
Reacting to an almost 10 per cent drop in diesel prices post deregulation in mid-October, transporters across the country have begun reducing freight charges, with the reduction being over 5 per cent in some cases.
“Diesel makes up for around 50 per cent of our costs, so a ten per cent drop in diesel prices has resulted in around 5 per cent drop in the price we charge. We have annual contracts with our customers where an escalation / de-escalation clause automatically passes through any change in fuel prices to the customer. Even open market operators have no option but to follow suit, given the stiff competition, but they usually put up some resistance,” said Ramesh Agarwal, chairman, Agarwal Packers and Movers.
He added that the one way rental from Delhi to Mumbai route for a 16.2 ton truck with 9 ton payload had dropped down to Rs 36000, from around Rs 38000 at the time of deregulation.
This dip in prices is also likely to further ease inflation in food articles, with the corresponding figure having reduced to 2.7 per cent in October from 9.64 per cent in May.
Currently, over 70 per cent of the total freight movement in the country is by roads, out of which around 25 per cent is done on a contractual basis, according to industry experts. Other than diesel, the bulk of the costs go towards tyres, infrastructure, salaries and tolls.
According to SP Singh, Coordinator, Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training (IFTRT), declining demand and cheaper tyres could further push down rentals in the future.
“Actually, tyres should have become cheaper already because oil and rubber, which are two main constituents, have become quite cheap but there are few tyre suppliers in the country and they have formed a cartel, which has so far resisted any attempts at reduction of cost,” said Singh.
As per IFTRT data, a round trip in a 16 ton truck with a 9 ton payload costs Rs 62,400 today, as compared to Rs 65,700 a month ago, on the Delhi-Mumbai-Delhi truck route. The corresponding cost for Delhi-Kolkata-Delhi route is Rs 63,200 today, as against Rs 66,500 a month ago.
Owners of smaller fleets see tougher competition now that charges are on the decline. “The competition is too high so we couldn’t raise prices as per need when diesel was expensive, and on any day, almost 20 per cent of our trucks are off the roads due to unavailability of drivers,” said Rajender Kapoor, Secretary General, Delhi Goods Transport Association.
Other logistics players Gati and TCIL could not be contacted for their comments.
TAGS: Diesel Price
More from economy

DoJ to investigate NY chokehold deathLast updated: December 4, 2014 2:25 am
DoJ to probe death of black man held by police in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ff4d7c0e-7b44-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Actor Pooja Bedi  Ramanand Sagar s granddaughter file FIR against each otherActor Pooja Bedi, Ramanand Sagar's granddaughter file FIR against each other
PTI  Mumbai, December 04, 2014
First Published: 08:36 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 13:28 IST(4/12/2014)
Comments
A brawl between actor Pooja Bedi's daughter and late director Ramanand Sagar's great grand daughter at a posh pub in Mumbai has led to the minor girls' parents filing police complaints. The fight involving Pooja's daughter Alia and Sagar's great grand daughter Saakshi took place at a pub in Lower Parel in Central Mumbai on Friday last, police said.
Actor Pooja Bedi with her daughter Alia at a Mumbai event. (PTI)
On Monday, Saakshi's mother Meenakshi filed a complaint with Oshiwara police alleging that Alia and her friends, who were allegedly in an inebriated condition, assaulted her daughter. On the other hand, Pooja lodged her complaint with Versova police Wednesday night alleging that Meenakshi and her daughter abused, threatened and made obscene gestures at her teenage daughter Aalia and her friends following an argument in the pub.
According to Meenakshi's complaint, she was dancing along with her teenage daughter and a friend when Alia, who was celebrating her birthday in company of friends, began bullying Saakshi. When demurred, Alia and her friends twisted Saakshi's arms and harassed her, claimed Meenakshi.
"A non-cognisable offence (NC) was registered against Pooja's daughter and her friends," Subhash Wele, Senior Inspector at Oshiwara Police Station, said today.
A separate non-cognisable offence was registered against Meenakshi and her daughter following a complaint by Pooja, Arundhati Rane, Senior Inspector of Versova said Both complaints are likely to be transferred to NM Joshi Marg Police Station, under whose jurisdiction the brawl took place, for further action.
In a non-cognizable offence police cannot arrest a person without orders of the court, ie without a warrant, and can investigate into the case only on directions of the court.

ITC  ICICI Bank  SAIL  in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
ITC, ICICI Bank, SAIL, in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: December 04, 2014 09:16 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened higher on Thursday as indicated by futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors were net buyers of Indian equities on Wednesday as they have bought shares worth Rs 391 crore in cash market. However domestic investors remained net sellers to the tune of Rs 157 crore in cash market.
Here are the stocks likely to see action today:
ITC will be in focus today as reports suggest that the proposal for banning sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold. As per analysts loose cigarette sales are 65 to 70 per cent of total cigarette sales in India.
Steel Authority of India: The government will divest 5 per cent stake in the company through Offer for Sale(OFS) route on Friday. Floor price for the issue will be declared today post market hours. Post this stake sale government's holding in the company will come down to 75 per cent.
ICICI Bank goes ex-split today. The company had announced a stock split in the ratio of 5:1 (Each share of Rs 10 face value will be divided into 5 shares of Rs 2 face value).
ABB India has own orders worth Rs 344 crore from public utilities, Bihar Grid Corporation (BGCL) and West Bengal State Electricity Transmission Company to build transmission and distribution substations in the region.
DLF: As per reports the company is planning to sell 50 per cent stake in Cyber City to raise Rs 3,500 crore.
Strides Arcolab: Stelis Biopharma, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Strides Arcolab has started construction of $60 million multi-product, biopharmaceutical plant at Johor, Malaysia.
Sadbhav Engineering: Its subsidiary Sadbhav Infra has filed Draft Red Herring Prospectus (DRHP) with Sebi to bring Initial Public Offer for 1.62 crore shares worth Rs 600 crore.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 09:16 (IST)

Another US grand jury reprieve for white police officerprint
Another US grand jury has declined to indict another white police officer for killing a black man triggering a fresh round of protests around the country, mostly peaceful so far.
A New York grand jury on Wednesday decided there was not enough evidence to try the officer for causing the death of a man placed in chokehold during arrest in June.
Eric Garner, the 43-year-old African American, was seen gasping for air in a video that sparked outrage at the time, and telling police officers he couldn’t breathe.
The officer, Daniel Pantaleo, will not be tried, just as Ferguson's Darren Wilson, who won a reprieve from a grand jury in the killing of African American teen Michael Brown.
President Barack Obama led the national outrage saying minority communities believe “law enforcement is not working with them and dealing with them in a fair way”.
But, he added, “we are not going to let up until we see a strengthening of the trust and a strengthening of the accountability that exists between our communities and our law enforcement”.
He has set up a task force, after Ferguson, to recommend ways to improve law enforcement’s dealings with people from minority communities.
Garner, a father of six, was selling loose cigarettes — illegally — at the Staten Island ferry service, when a bunch of police officers in plainclothes swooped down on him.
He appears to have resisted in the video secretly recorded of his arrest. Taller and bigger than the officers encircling him, he was subdued with some difficulty.
One of the officers actually used the banned chokehold on him.
“I can’t breathe,” Garner said to his captors, imploring them to loosen the hold. They didn’t evidently.
He died, according to the autopsy report, of “compression of neck (choke hold), compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police”.
Protestors took to the streets in New York and in other cities as word got out about the grand jury’s decision to not indict Officer Pantaleo. But they were largely peaceful unlike in Ferguson.
Holding placards saying “Black lives matter”, as in Ferguson, some protestors chanted, “I can’t breathe”, words Garner was seen using in the video 11 times.
They also held up their arms in a gesture of protest that has caught on since Ferguson, chanting, “Hands up, don’t shoot”, which, some believe, Brown had done facing officer Wilson.
Football players used the gesture before the start of a National Football League game last Sunday, and African American lawmakers followed up in the House of Representatives.

Rupee Trades Flat at 61.90 Per DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Trades Flat at 61.90 Per Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: December 04, 2014 10:04 (IST)
The partially convertible rupee traded flat at 61.90 per dollar after falling to a day low of 61.95, versus Wednesday's close of 61.9050/9150.
Most Asian currencies were trading weaker against the dollar.
Euro staggers near two-year lows on concerns over further ECB stimulus injections Some more gains in the USD/INR pair likely but dollar inflows towards debt investments likely to limit upside.
FIIs have bought debt worth $575 million so far in December.
Traders see the rupee moving in a 61.85 to 62.05 range for today.
Shares are to be monitored for cues on foreign fund flows.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

RBI doubles limit of prepaid instruments to Rs 1 lakhRBI doubles limit of prepaid instruments to Rs 1 lakh
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 04, 2014 08:59 IST
RBI has considered necessary to amend certain provisions of the existing guidelines/issue additional guidelines for ensuring growth of the prepaid payment industry.
 
 
Based on a comprehensive internal review and the feedback received from the entities currently authorized to issue prepaid payment instruments, RBI has considered necessary to amend certain provisions of the existing guidelines/issue additional guidelines for ensuring growth of the prepaid payment industry.
Amendments to existing guidelines
PPIs issued with full KYC- enhanced value
Attention is invited to Para 7.1 of the aforesaid guidelines wherein it was stated that the maximum value of any pre-paid payment instruments (where specific limits have not been prescribed including the amount transferred as per paragraph 10.2) shall not exceed Rs. 50,000/-. Para 7.2 of the guidelines highlighted that the following types of semi closed pre-paid payment instruments can be issued on carrying out Customer Due Diligence as detailed below:-
upto Rs.10,000/- by accepting minimum details of the customer provided the amount outstanding at any point of time does not exceed Rs 10,000/- and the total value of reloads during any given month also does not exceed Rs 10,000/-. These can be issued only in electronic form;
from Rs.10,001/- to Rs.50,000/- by accepting any 'officially valid document' defined under Rule 2(d) of the PML Rules 2005, as amended from time to time. Such PPIs can be issued only in electronic form and should be non-reloadable in nature;
upto Rs.50,000/- with full KYC and can be reloadable in nature. The balance in the PPI should not exceed Rs.50,000/- at any point of time.
The limit of PPI that can be issued under Para 7.2 (iii) has now been enhanced from Rs. 50,000 to Rs.1,00,000/- The balance in the PPI should not exceed Rs. 1,00,000/- at any point of time.
 Gift Cards
The maximum validity of the gift cards has been enhanced from one year to three years. Other provisions of PPI guidelines with respect to Gift Cards will continue to be applicable.
4. Additional guidelines - introduction of new categories of PPIs issued by banks
4.1 Issue of multiple PPIs by banks from fully-KYC compliant bank accounts for dependent/family members
It has been decided to introduce a new category of open system prepaid payment instrument subject to following conditions:
Such PPIs may be issued only by loading the value from fully KYC-compliant bank account of the purchasers. Beneficiary has to be a dependent/family member.
The account holders purchasing the PPIs need to provide the minimum details (such as name, address and contact details) of the intended beneficiary/ies who are his/her dependents and family members.
Only one card can be issued to one beneficiary.
The transaction and monthly limits as applicable for cash pay-out arrangements under DMT guidelines issued from time to time (currently Rs 10,000/- per transaction with a monthly ceiling of Rs 25,000/-) will be applicable for such PPIs.
The bank may put in place mechanisms to monitor and report suspicious transactions on these PPIs to Financial Intelligence Unit India (FIU IND).
The other guidelines as applicable to open system PPIs will also be applicable to these cards.
Such PPIs shall be issued only in electronic form.
4.2 Rupee denominated PPIs issued by banks for visiting foreign nationals and NRIs
Banks are permitted to issue open system rupee denominated non-reloadable (a) PPIs to NRIs and foreign nationals visiting India & (b) PPIs co-branded with exchange houses/money transmitters (approved by RBI) to NRIs and foreign nationals visiting India subject to the following conditions:
The cards can be issued by overseas branches of banks in India directly or by cobranding with the exchange houses/money transmitters upto a maximum amount of Rs.2 lakhs by loading from a KYC compliant bank account.
Such PPIs should be activated by the bank only after the traveller arrives in India.
Cash withdrawal from such PPIs will be restricted to Rs 50,000/- per month.
The cards should be issued strictly for use in India and transactions settled in INR.
The banks should ensure compliance to relevant KYC/AML/CFT requirements issued from time to time.
An individual can hold only one card at a time and the card should be non- transferable. The issuing bank has to put in place necessary arrangements to ensure the same.
These PPIs may be used only for transactions permissible under the extant foreign exchange regulations.
Transaction history have to be maintained by the banks.
The process put in place by the bank for refund of unutilised portion of the PPI amount in India has to adhere to the extant foreign exchange regulations.
Such PPIs shall be issued only in electronic form.
The above changes will come into effect from the date of issue of circular. The other provisions of Master Circular dated July 1, 2014 will remain unchanged.
This directive is issued under Section 10(2) read with Section 18 of Payment and Settlement Systems Act 2007 (Act 51 of 2007).

http://usat.ly/1yfszesMonthly Markets Checkup: 6 things for December
USA TODAY Special Report 11 a.m. EST December 2, 2014
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Federal Reserve Alabama FaceBook
Santa Claus is not something you associate with the stock market, but that’s exactly one of the things on investors’ minds as we head into December. Video by Jason Allen and Kaveh Rezaei
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  You might not associate Santa Claus with a stock market
00:08  that Walsh Richard does. I'm John Wagoner and this is America's
00:11  markets. December's the second month and historically strong period for stocks
00:16  and the second best month for Dow Jones Industrial Average the
00:19  past half century. It's also in the Santa Claus rally takes
00:22  place this seven sessions spurt that begins at the end of
00:25  December has delivered gains every year since 2009. Even though the
00:30  market is already racked up an impressive performances at record levels.
00:33  Odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal
00:36  Reserve isn't likely to change its easy many ways until wages
00:39  pick up. Something that's not gonna happen for awhile. If recent
00:43  patterns persist home builders will be one of the best performing
00:46  industry sectors as 2014 closes out. And small company stocks could
00:51  prosper as investors try to get ahead of the group's traditional
00:54  January rally. Technology stocks which offense sputter about now. Could bucked
00:59  that trend thanks momentum in big games like apple and FaceBook
01:02  and the lingering buzz from the initial public offerings of the
01:05  likes of Alabama and go pro. Exchange traded funds that invest
01:09  in retailers offer way to play. Important shopping season trends this
01:13  year but if you're thinking about buying and mutual fund this
01:15  month think again he's also get hit with an unnecessary tax
Santa Claus and Nia Sanchez, Miss USA 2014,  visit the trading floor after participating in opening bell ceremonies of the New York Stock Exchange Nov. 26.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
15 CONNECT 42 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Santa Claus is not something you typically associate with the stock market. But the bearded fellow is one of the things on investors' minds as we head into December.
The month has several factors weighing in the stock market's favor. It is the second month in a historically strong period for stocks and the second-best month for Dow Jones industrial average the past half century.
It's also when what is known as the Santa Claus Rally takes place. This seven-session spurt that begins at the end of December has delivered gains every year since 2009.
Even though the market has already racked up an impressive performance in 2014 and is at record levels, odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal Reserve isn't likely to change its easy money ways, at least not for a while.
If past patterns persist, home builders will be one of the best-performing industry sectors as 2014 closes out. Small-company stocks could prosper as investors try to get in ahead of the group's traditional January rally. Technology stocks, which often sputter about now, could buck that trend thanks to momentum in big names such as Apple and Facebook, and the lingering buzz from the successful initial public offerings of the likes of Alibaba and GoPro.
Exchange-traded funds that invest in retailers offer a way to play the most important shopping season of the year. But if you're thinking about buying a mutual fund this month, think again, because you will also get an unnecessary tax bill.
Here are six things investors need to know for December:
1. 'Tis the season for stocks. The Dow has gained 1.6% on average in December, posting gains nearly 70% of the time, says Bespoke Investment Group. The market has a strong tailwind.
Trish Regan, anchor and editor-at-large for Bloomberg TV.
(Photo: File)
If prices at the gas pump remain low and consumers stay in a buying mood around the all-important holiday shopping season, there's a strong chance Santa will deliver gains this month.

NBCC surges on signing MoU with Air IndiaNBCC surges on signing MoU with Air India
Suven Life gains 2%; raises Rs 200 crore via QIPSuven Life Sciences rallies over 2% as it raises Rs 200 crore via QIP
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 09.55AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(At 09:50 a.m.; Suven Life…)
NEW DELHI: Suven Life Sciences Ltd rallied as much as 2.5 per cent in trade on Thursday, after the pharmaceuticals firm said that it has raised Rs 200 crore through Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) route to fund its clinical development programme and capital expenditure.
At 09:50 a.m.; Suven Life Sciences was trading 1.8 per cent higher at Rs 223.95. It hit a low of Rs 221.75 and a high of Rs 225.50 in trade today.
The offering was for 1,04,53,690 equity shares of face value of Rs 1 per equity share at a price of Rs 191.32 per share, said a PTI report.
Post issue the promoters holding will be over 59 per cent as against 64.76 per cent on September 30, 2014.
In a BSE filing, Suven Life Sciences said, "It has concluded its Rs 200 crore fund raising exercise through the Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) process."
The funds raised will be effectively deployed to fund the clinical development programme, capital expenditure and for general corporate purposes, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shaun Marsh added to Australias Test squadUpdated: December 4, 2014 09:54 IST
Shaun Marsh added to Australia’s Test squad
PTI
A file photo of Australian cricketer Shaun Marsh.
TOPICS
cricket
With skipper Michael Clarke’s fitness still a concern, Australia on Thursday added Shaun Marsh to its squad for the opening Test against India starting here on December 9.
“The National Selection Panel has today advised that West Australian Shaun Marsh has been added to the Test squad as an additional batsman for the first Commonwealth Bank Test,” Cricket Australia said in a statement.
Clarke’s hamstring injury remains a concern and it is still not clear whether he would be available for the opening match of the series, which required rescheduling owing to the tragic death of Phillip Hughes.
The Australian team, which is still recovering from the shock of Hughes’ death after being hit by a bouncer, today flew from Coffs Harbour to here following an emotional funeral of Hughes in Macksville on Wednesday.
Marsh’s addition to the Test squad, which is now 13-strong, raises the prospect of him and Mitchell Marsh becoming the first set of brothers to play Test cricket for Australia since Steve and Mark Waugh in October 2002.
“The Australian Test squad will assemble in Adelaide today and tomorrow ahead of the first Test starting on Tuesday 9 December.”
Clarke had been recovering from the injury but had put his treatment on hold after Hughes death last week.
The tragedy forced a reshuffle to Australia’s domestic and international cricket schedule, with the Brisbane Test now to be held second in the Border-Gavaskar Series.
Australia squad: Michael Clarke (c), Brad Haddin (wk), Ryan Harris, Josh Hazlewood, Mitchell Johnson, Nathan Lyon, Mitchell Marsh, Shaun Marsh, Chris Rogers, Peter Siddle, Steve Smith, David Warner, Shane Watson.

Experts See Korean Parallels in Sony HackIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Carlyle promotes India MD to co-head Asia PE...Asia PE business
(Carlyle Group LP has promoted…)
MUMBAI: Carlyle Group LP has promoted India Managing Director M. Shankar Narayanan to co-head its Asian private equity business, according to three sources familiar with the appointment.
Narayanan will join Wayne Wen-Tsui Tsou in over-seeing investments from the $1 billion Carlyle Asia Growth Partners IV fund, which accounts for the bulk of the private equity firm's growth capital investments in the region.
The sources declined to be identified because the appointment has not been made public.
"An official announcement from Carlyle is expected later this month or early January," said one of the sources.
Carlyle declined to comment.
Narayanan joined Carlyle in 2004 from Hathway Investments to oversee a growth fund in India focusing on minority investments.
Among investments undertaken under Narayanan, Carlyle bought stakes in India's Tirumala Milk Products and Repco Home Finance. It exited both investments this year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

All new medicines to come under price controlAll new medicines to come under price control
By Sushmi Dey, TNN | 4 Dec, 2014, 11.38AM IST
The drug price regulator has mandated companies to seek its approval for every new medicine, including combinations of existing ones, to ensure that consumers are not overcharged.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The drug price regulator has mandated companies to seek its approval for every new medicine, including combinations of existing ones, to ensure that consumers are not overcharged. According to the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) all innovative launches like new combinations of price-controlled medicines as well as those with changed strengths and dosages will be treated as 'new medicines'.
The move is aimed at spanning the price regulation of essential medicines, while also keeping a check on innovative branding and marketing strategies of pharmaceutical companies to circumvent price control, an official, in the know of developments, told TOI.
Currently, prices of 374 medicines are directly capped by the government at the average price of those being sold with at least 1 per cent market share. This roughly accounts for 10-13% of the total domestic pharmaceutical market pegged at around Rs 79,000 crore.
In order to escape price regulation, companies often launch newer combinations by making minor changes to existing price-controlled medicines. Sometimes, firms also tweak the strengths and dosages to bypass the price ceiling.
While such products are launched as newer brands, companies benefit from such strategies because under the existing law, firms are free to fix the launch price of all medicines, other than the 374 that are directly under government control. Even for such medicines, companies are free to raise prices by up to 10% annually.
"Market launch and/or sale of a 'new drug', as defined under paragraph 2 (u) of the DPCO (Drugs Price Control Order) 2013 without prior approval of retail price by the NPPA or where such approval stands withdrawn shall not only attract recovery of overcharged amount along with interest and penalty but also prosecution under Section 7 of the Essential Commodities Act, 1955," NPPA said in a recent notice.
The regulator has also asked companies to submit a compliance certificate from Drug Controller General of India (DCGI), which monitors quality of medicines and gives approval to new products.
The move is the latest among various stringent measures adopted by the government and the regulator in recent past to keep prices of medicines under check. The regulator has already proposed to revise the list of essential medicines to include medicine formulations that are commonly sold.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Kolkata: Shock after cops thrash disabled agitators  smash wheelchairsComments
Kolkata Police cracked down on a rally of the physically and mentally challenged in the city on Wednesday, manhandling the participants, damaging their special-aid vehicles and even using batons to control them.
The assault led to more than 12 agitators being injured and 26 tricycles used by the physically challenged smashed.
The rally was organized to protest against the lynching of Korpan Shah, a mentally challenged youth, in the NRS Medical College hostel and the tardy police probe into the crime.
More than 12 demonstrators were injured and 26 tricycles used by them were smashed by the police. (Prateek Choudhury/HT Photo)
On November 16, Korpan was beaten to death, allegedly by junior doctors and students of NRS Medical College and Hospital, who suspected him to be a cell phone thief.
The police are yet to arrest anyone and the state government has been accused of not speeding up the probe.
“We organized the rally and a law violation programme demanding a speedy probe into the NRS incident. Hundreds of physically challenged people took part. But the police lathi-charged us and damaged their tricycles,” Kanti Ganguly, general secretary of the West Bengal Pratibandhi Sammilani, an umbrella organization of the physically and mentally challenged, said.
“We wanted a proper probe into the death of Korpan. The police are yet to even detain anyone, leave alone arrest. Korpan’s family was present at the rally,” Ganguly, a former CPI(M) minister, said.

With huge order placed  Boeing keeps faith i...Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: With an order for 42 Boeing 737 Max worth $4.4 billion from crisis-ridden SpiceJet, the US aircraft major hopes that SpiceJet's strategy of "shrinking now and expanding later" — a reference to SpiceJet's ruthless fleet reduction — would work. Boeing commercial airplanes (VP-sales) Dinesh Keskar was in India recently and told TOI that the delivery of 737 Max to SpiceJet, Boeing's answer to Airbus' successful A320 Neo, begins from 2018 onwards and by then the low-cost carrier (LCC) "will find a way out".
SpiceJet had ordered 42 Boeing 737 Max at the Hyderabad air show this March. But today, the LCC is struggling to survive by returning planes and drastically cutting flights.
"I am not much worried. Their strategy is of shrinking now and expanding later. When you are hurting, the last thing you want to do is to expand. Anyway, SpiceJet is supposed to start getting the Max from 2018 onwards," Keskar said. SpiceJet is today flying 22 Boeing 737s — down from 35 in summer — and has cut over 50 daily flights reportedly due to a lack of funds that saw leasors taking back planes.
When asked won't the going get tougher for existing carriers, including SpiceJet, when Tata-Singapore Airlines JV airline starts flying soon and when Tata-AirAsia JV expands its wings, Keskar said: "Thanks to oil prices, operating costs of airline have fallen. With those reduced costs and current fare levels, the average gap in break-even price per ticket is $10 (Rs 600-700). Indian carriers will be in profit during this peak holiday season." He added that SpiceJet will be able to deploy its smaller fleet more gainfully.
While aircraft manufacturers keep their fingers crossed for airlines (remember the hit Airbus took when its customers Air Deccan and Kingfisher folded up with the latter having placed orders for five A-380s that were written off only recently), SpiceJet is fighting for survival. The directorate general of civil aviation (DGCA) has asked the LCC to give weekly status reports on its payables to various agencies.
Top DGCA officials said the airline has informed them that 116 pilots have resigned and are serving notice period till mid-2015.
On its part, SpiceJet says it is cutting Boeing fleet to get out of unfavourable leasing contracts and unwanted aircraft.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Government sets up high-level panel on tax i...In his 2014-15 Budget speech, Jaitley had announced the government's intention to set up a high level committee to interact with trade and industry.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government on Wednesday set up a High Level Committee (HLC) to interact with trade and industry and identify areas where clarity on tax laws is needed, a move aimed at boosting confidence among taxpayers.
The panel will be headed by former chief economic adviser Ashok Lahiri and includes Sidhartha Pradhan , former member of Settlement Commission (income tax and wealth tax) and Gautam Ray former DG (audit) customs and central excise. The HLC will submit half-yearly reports to the finance minister Arun Jaitley .
In his 2014-15 Budget speech, Jaitley had announced the government's intention to set up a high level committee to interact with trade and industry on a regular basis and ascertain areas where clarity in tax laws was required. Based on the recommendations of the committee, the Central Board of Direct Taxes and the Central Board of Excise and Customs shall issue appropriate clarifications, wherever considered necessary, on the tax issues within a period of two months.
This was among several measures that the NDA government had unveiled to boost the confidence of tax payers and provide certainty and clarity in tax laws. The government is dealing with several high profile tax disputes with multinationals and has taken steps to calm nerves of investors by promising a non-adversarial tax regime.
The panel will give recommendations to the CBDT/CBEC for issuing appropriate clarifications on tax issues. The two tax authorities will issue clarifications within two months from the date of receipt of recommendations of the panel.
The committee will be assisted by two nodal officers not below the rank of joint secretary/commissioner, one each from Income Tax and Customs & Central Excise. The choice of nodal officers will be recommended by the CBDT and the CBEC. The appointment of would be approved by the revenue secretary, a statement said.

Telangana to attract investments for pharma ...You are here: Home > Collections > Hyderabad
Telangana to attract investments of Rs 30,000 crore for pharmaceutical city near Hyderabad
ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 11.53AM IST
Tags:
Dr Reddy's
(Chandrasekhar Rao-led TRS-govt…)
HYDERABAD: Telangana proposes to set up India's largest integrated pharmaceutical city spread over 11,000 acres near Hyderabad, complete with effluent treatment plants and a township for employees, in a bid to attract investment of Rs 30,000 crore in phases.
The Telangana Rashtra Samithi-led government plans to leverage on the existing ecosystem of pharmaceutical firms in Hyderabad, which is known as the bulk drug capital of India. Hyderabad accounts for nearly a fifth of India's exports of drugs, which stood at Rs 90,000 crore in 2013-14.
A team of top executives of Hyderabad-headquartered pharmaceutical firms including Dr Reddy's, Aurobin do Pharma, Hetero Drugs and Virchow Labs accompanied Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao on Wednesday for an aerial survey of the proposed location at Mucherla, about 70 km from Hyderabad.
The chief minister's office said in a press release that several existing drug makers have evinced interest in setting up their greenfield projects with an employment potential for 70,000 persons in the proposed pharma city. The state government proposes to set up a pharma university and pharma research institute in the envisaged city.
Telangana industries secretary K Pradeep Chandra said most of the existing drug makers have evinced interest in the proposed pharma city.
"The government proposes to develop the pharma city in phases, with the first phase of around 2,000 acres involving an investment of around Rs 1,500 crore. We are evaluating various models for developing the infrastructure including public-private partnership (PPP) and joint venture, among others."
"We had a fruitful visit," said Dr Reddy's chairman K Satish Reddy . "However, this is still at a very preliminary stage and hence individual commitments on investments were not part of discussion," he told ET. Finding several advantages in the location of the proposed pharma city, M Narayana Reddy, managing director of Virchow Laboratories and former president of bulk drugs manufacturers' association, said, "Proximity to Hyderabad and absence of habitats around the location that could get affected by the pollution or need rehabilitation and resettlement are among the key advantages. If the government develops the infrastructure as proposed, then not just the local drug makers but also domestic and global firms will find it an attractive destination."
FEATURED ARTICLES

BSE Sensex  Nifty flat; FMCG up  infra banks in redDec 04, 2014, 11.52 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
BSE Sensex, Nifty flat; FMCG up, infra & banks in red
ITC is managing to support the benchmark induces. The stock is up 5 percent followed by Cipla, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite and Maruti. Among the losers are ICICI Bank, Hindalco, Tata Power, BHEL and Axis Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BSE Sensex, Nifty flat; FMCG up, infra & banks in red
ITC is managing to support the benchmark induces. The stock is up 5 percent followed by Cipla, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite and Maruti. Among the losers are ICICI Bank, Hindalco, Tata Power, BHEL and Axis Bank.
Post your opinion here
11:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:50 am Buzzing:Shares of ONGC rose 2 percent intraday as Citi maintains bullish stance on the stock expecting a new subsidy sharing formula. The brokerage has a buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 440 per share.
“A new subsidy sharing formula could be a material positive for the upstream state-owned enterprises (SOEs) especially for ONGC, which has underperformed both the broader market (by 22 percent) and its smaller peer OIL (by 10 percent) in the last three months on the back of the overhang of the upcoming share sale and amidst the backdrop of the recent steep fall in global crude prices which could hurt upstream SOEs unless their subsidy burden falls commensurately,” Citi says in a note.
11:30 am Market outlook: Bullish Rakesh Arora, Head of Research - India at Macquarie Capital Securities has a new Nifty target of 9,960 for the next 12 months. He expects earnings to grow 19-20 percent and adds that this fresh Nifty target is driven by 15 times earnings estimate for FY17. Given the ongoing slide in global oil prices, he foresees more upside to the market if this fall continues further.
Further he adds that hope trade in India will continue for some more time and the market is unlikely to see major correction anytime soon. If any correction happens, it will be limited to 4-5 percent, he said.
On specific-sectors, Arora is overweight on industrials, banks and auto. Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, Maruti Suzuki and L&T are his top stock bets.
Don't miss: ITC surges 6%, ban on sale of loose cigarettes unlikely
The Nifty and Sensex flattened out after touching record highs in the early minutes of trade. The Sensex is up 68.36 points at 28511.07 and the Nifty is up 8.00 points at 8545.65. About 1284 shares have advanced, 1022 shares declined, and 90 shares are unchanged.
ITC is managing to support the benchmark induces. The stock is up 5 percent followed by Cipla, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite and Maruti. Among the losers are ICICI Bank, Hindalco, Tata Power, BHEL and Axis Bank.
The rupee recovered from initial losses against the US dollar and was quoted barely steady at 61.91 on selling of the American currency by banks and exporters on good foreign capital inflows. Euro is staggering near two-year lows on concerns over further ECB stimulus injections Some more gains in the USD/INR pair is likely but dollar inflows towards debt investments likely to limit upside.
Globally, Nikkei and Shanghai continue to trade at multi-year highs. The European Cental Bank meet today will be in focus.
 

Ram Vilas Paswan blames lack of vision for Jharkhand s poll instabilityPress Trust of India | Dec 04, 2014 at  11:20am IST
Ranchi: Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan on Wednesday said 10 'golden years' were wasted due to lack of vision and the need of the hour was to elect a stable government in the state.
"Ten golden years were wasted due to lack of vision. A stable government can develop Jharkhand," the Union Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution Minister said, referring to nine governments in the state in 14 years.
Claiming that he has seen all signs of BJP getting a majority during his election campaign on Wednesday, Paswan told reporters that the people want two things - a stable government and the government headed by the same political party in the state and at the Centre.
Paswan asked the people to rise above caste, creed and religion and vote for stability in Jharkhand.
The Narendra Modi government at the Centre was moving ahead on the path of progress and a similar government in Jharkhand would help the state pick up pace as well.
Comparing the state with Chhattisgarh, created at the same time and having the same problems of land and Maoists, Paswan said the neighbouring state sped away with glory while Jharkhand remained struggling with instability and corruption.
Slamming the Hemant Soren government for its 'incompetence' in delivery mechanism, Paswan sought to know why the poor were migrating from the state when the government was giving rice at Re 1 a kg.
"Even though Food Security Act came in force on July 4, 2013, Jharkhand failed to implement even after two extensions, and grains are being brought from Chhattisgarh and other states," he said.
He asked the people to rise above caste, creed and religion and vote for stability in Jharkhand, now in the midst of its third Assembly elections.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Markets Live: FMCG stocks lift Sensex 59 pointsWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Amazon s tax problems in Karnataka may escalateAmazon's Karnataka tax issues likely to escalate
Mahesh Kulkarni & Bibhu Ranjan Mishra | Bengaluru Dec 05, 2014 12:59 AM IST
The stand-off between online retailer Amazon India and Karnataka’s commercial tax department is likely to escalate. Tax officials are contemplating attaching the assets of its dealers who haven’t responded to a notice by the department.
A number of such dealers, served a cancellation notice by the department, are yet to respond. The commercial tax authorities, who have already extended the deadline for responses, are now deliberating the next course of action. The department has stopped issuing fresh registrations to new dealers on Amazon’s e-commerce platform.
“As of now, the status quo continues, as we are waiting for the chief minister to take a stand on the issue,” said I S N Prasad, principal secretary, finance department, Karnataka. “However, we have stopped issuing fresh licences to new dealers until the matter is resolved. We had given additional time to dealers and are waiting for their response.”
Amazon India told Business Standard its stand on the issue was unchanged. A spokesperson said the company hoped for an early resolution to avoid closing warehousing operations in Karnataka and to bring more investment into the state.
According to senior state government officials, the options before the tax department include attaching the assets or bank accounts of dealers.
However, the department hadn’t set any timeframe for its next action, officials told Business Standard.
Amazon India had caught the attention of tax authorities when it was found the company wasn’t paying value added tax (VAT) for transactions on its online platform, claiming it wasn’t doing business directly. It had asked the department to collect VAT from sellers.
Officials in the department say the contention isn’t tax evasion, but a matter of ascertaining who the assessee was —Amazon or its dealers.
They said in this case, Amazon was clearly acting as more than a facilitator or a logistics provider for the goods booked and sold on its platform.
Also, it was raising invoices on behalf of its dealers, packing the goods and delivering these at customers’ doorsteps, they added.
IN A BIND
KARNATAKA & E-TAILERS
Bengaluru is the headquarters of two of India’s largest e-commerce companies, Flipkart and Amazon, besides a host of smaller e-tailers
With a high density of tech-savvy consumers, the city is a major e-commerce market
All major e-retailers have warehouses in or around Bengaluru
COMPLEX MARKETPLACES
As FDI in direct online retail isn’t allowed in India, companies do not own products but host third-party merchants on their platforms
THE REGULATION
Laws across states in India predate the advent of online retail
VAT or sales tax differ from one state to another
In Karnataka, there is no specific mention of regulations for e-commerce companies
The Karnataka tax department is working on amending the regulations to address issues relating to this sector
THE CONTENTION
Karnataka authorities want online retailers to pay VAT on third-party goods stored in state warehouses even before customers order these products
HOW IT UNFOLDED
JULY-AUGUST, 2014
Karnataka tax department sends notices to cancel the licences of about 100 third-party merchants working with the state unit of Amazon India; some of these merchants worked with Flipkart and Snapdeal, too
SEPTEMBER
News reports claimed business lobbies and Karnataka govt officials, including the CM, asked the tax department to “go easy” on Amazon’s sellers but sellers continued to get notices from the department
DECEMBER
Tax officials contemplate attaching assets of dealers who have not responded to its notices
“We will stand by our interpretation of the law. If Amazon or its dealers do not agree with our notice, they are free to file complaints or even take legal recourse. However, none of them have moved in that direction. It only means they are on weak ground. So, we will wait for some more time before initiating penal action on them,” the officials said.
The department had served cancellation notices to about 75 dealers operating through Amazon’s fulfilment centre; of these, only some have responded to the notices.
ALSO READ:  Karnataka taxman frowns at Amazon's warehouses
The department also sought to know how so many dealers shared a common place of business — all of them had stocked their goods at Amazon’s fulfilment centre at Hoskote, on the outskirts of this city. The officials declined to say whether other e-commerce companies had also been served similar notices.
“We are hoping by the end of December, a solution will emerge and we hope not just Amazon, other e-commerce players operating in Karnataka will also fall in line and comply with state tax laws,” they added.
They clarified Amazon India was still operating out of its fulfilment centre in Hoskote, adding the department wasn’t preventing the company from doing regular business. Officials in the commercial tax department said there was no provision in the state’s VAT rules for retailers to share space at Amazon’s fulfilment centres.
“They do not have exclusive access to the space they have taken. They are only sharing it with others; there is no scope for tax authorities to inspect this place and that amounts to violation of law,” they added.

ABB gains 6% on winning orders worth Rs 334 crABB gains 6% on winning orders worth Rs 334 crore
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 12:15 PM IST
Shares of ABB are up over 6% at Rs 1,238 on the BSE after winning Rs 334 crore from public utilities, Bihar Grid Corporation Limited (BGCL) and West Bengal State Electricity Transmission Company Limited (WBSETCL), to build new transmission and distribution substations that will boost power supplies in the region.
As part of a turnkey contract in Bihar, ABB will design, supply, install and commission 220/132/33 kV (kilovolt) gas-insulated switchgear (GIS) substations across four locations. These substations will deploy ABB's compact high-voltage GIS technology which can reduce the substation footprint by up to 70 per cent compared with conventional air-insulated switchgear (AIS) substations, ABB said in a statement.
In West Bengal, ABB will design, supply, install and commission a 220/132/33 kV AIS substation to help meet the growing demand for electricity in the Sadaipur region.
The stock opened at Rs 1,175 and touched a high of Rs 1,242 on the BSE. At 12:15PM, over 1.5 lakh shares were traded on both the stock exchanges.

Cardamom rises by 0.6% on pick-up in demandCardamom rises by 0.6% on pick-up in demand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 12:05 PM IST
Cardamom prices were up 0.61% to Rs 860.70 per kg in futures trade today as speculators indulged in creating fresh positions amid positive cues from spot market.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, cardamom for delivery in January next year rose by Rs 5.20, or 0.61% to Rs 860.70 per kg in business turnover of 51 lots.
Similarly, the spice for delivery in December contract traded higher by Rs 4.30, or 0.54% to Rs 808.00 per kg in 97 lots.
Analysts said speculators built-up fresh positions on the back of pick-up in demand in the spot market against restricted arrivals from producing regions which led to the rise in cardamom prices at futures trade.

Gold futures fall 0.2% on global cuesGold futures fall 0.2% on global cues
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 11:55 AM IST
Gold prices fell by 0.23% to Rs 26,714 per 10 grams in futures market today as speculators offloaded their positions amid a weak global trend.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in February next year fell by Rs 62, or 0.23%, to Rs 26,714 per 10 grams in a business turnover of 789 lots.
Similarly, the yellow metal for delivery in December lost Rs 32, or 0.12%, to Rs 26,445 per 10 grams in three lots.
Analysts said the fall in gold futures was mostly in tune with a weak trend in the global market as gains in US employment boosted the case for raising interest rates and strengthened the dollar, curbing demand for the metal just as the European Central Bank meets to consider further stimulus.
Meanwhile, gold in Singapore dropped 0.40% to $1,204.69 an ounce.

Central Bank to raise funds via preferential issue to LICCentral Bank to raise Rs 626.23 cr from preferential issue to LIC
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 12:44 IST
State-owned Central Bank of India has said it would raise about Rs 626 crore through preferential allotment of shares to country's largest insurer LIC to fund business growth.
The capital raising committee of the board approved raising of additional equity capital by issuance of up to 8.28 crore shares at Rs 75.55 per equity, Central Bank of India said in a statement.
Thus, the bank would raise Rs 626.23 crore by allotting shares on preferential basis to LIC. This would be subject to approval of Government of India, Reserve Bank of India, shareholders and other statutory authorities, it said. The board has also decided to hold an Extra-Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of shareholders on December 30 to consider and pass the necessary special resolution and fixed November 28, 2014 as the relevant date for the purpose of determining the issue price, it added.

Nasa counts down to human travel to Mars as Orion gets ready for liftoffNasa counts down to human travel to Mars as Orion gets ready for liftoff
AFP
Cape Canaveral, Florida, December 04, 2014
First Published: 08:01 IST(4/12/2014)
print
The Orion spacecraft, designed to carry humans farther in deep space than ever before, is poised to blast off on Thursday in what Nasa hailed as a first step in mankind's journey to Mars.
No astronauts will be on board the capsule when it launches aboard the United States' largest rocket, the Delta IV Heavy made by United Launch Alliance, but engineers will be keenly watching to see how it performs during the four-and-a-half hour flight.
The launch marks the first of a US spacecraft meant to carry people into deep space since the Apollo missions that brought men to the Moon in the 1960s and 1970s.
With no American vehicle to send humans to space since the space shuttle was retired in 2011, some at Nasa said the Orion launch has re-energized the US space program, long constrained by government belt-tightening and forced to rely on costly rides aboard Russian Soyuz spacecraft to reach the International Space Station in low-Earth orbit.
"We haven't had this feeling in awhile, since the end of the shuttle program, (of) launching an American spacecraft from America's soil and beginning something new," said Mike Sarafin, lead flight director at Nasa's Johnson Space Center in Houston.
"While the feeling is familiar and the anticipation of flight is familiar, it is a new mission and there some things that I am sure we are going to learn from this unmanned flight test that will enable us to fly humans into deep space."
Potential future missions for Orion, which is designed to fit four people at a time, include a trip to lasso an asteroid and a journey to Mars by the 2030s.
"Thursday is the beginning of that journey, testing key systems - the riskiest systems I would say for Orion - before we have any people on board," said Mark Geyer, program manager for Orion.
"This is the beginning of exploration," he added.
Launch from Cape Canaveral
The launch at 7:05 am (1205 GMT) from Cape Canaveral, Florida, aims to propel 1.63 million pounds (739,000 kilograms) of spacecraft, rocket and fuel straight to space, where the capsule will make two laps around the Earth before splashing down in the Pacific Ocean.
The first orbit will be about as high as the International Space Station (ISS), which circles at an altitude of about 270 miles (430 kilometres), but the second will soar 15 times higher, to an apogee of 3,600 miles (5,800 kilometres) above the Earth.
The chief contractor of the Orion capsule is Lockheed Martin. The spacecraft was first designed to take humans to the Moon as part of Nasa's Constellation program, which was cancelled by President Barack Obama in 2010, in favour or seeking new destinations in deep space.
The goal is both nebulous and costly, and Nasa has already spent billions of dollars on Orion and the powerful rocket meant to propel it with crew on board, the Space Launch System (SLS).
The first Orion test flight with people on board is scheduled for 2021, but with costs projected to reach $19-22 billion, space analyst Marco Caceres of the Teal Group in Virginia said it could be longer.
"Assuming Congress or one of the next two presidents do not cancel SLS because of its inevitably ballooning costs, it's more likely that the first SLS/Orion manned mission will occur closer to the middle part of the next decade," Caceres said.
Safety first
As Nasa looks beyond the Moon, safety for human explorers is another key problem that has yet to be solved.
"Radiation is one of the biggest challenges for us," Nasa administrator Charles Bolden told an audience of Nasa enthusiasts gathered at Kennedy Space Center for a social media event.
The primary objective of Thursday's test, according to Geyer, is to see how the heat shield performs as it reaches temperatures of 4,000 degrees Fahrenheit (2,200 Celsius) on its high-speed plunge back to Earth at a velocity of 20,000 miles (32,000 kilometres) per hour.
"A part of me hopes that everything is perfect. We land, have high-fives and everybody has a great time," Geyer told reporters.
But he added that the test is designed to find things that go wrong before precious lives are on board.
"We want to discover things that are beyond our modelling capability and beyond our expertise so we can learn it and fix it before we put people on board."
Weather for Thursday's launch was expected to be 70% favourable, with some risk of winds and rain, but Nasa said the two hour, 39-minute launch window gives the team plenty of flexibility to accomplish the launch during the daylight hours.

Fall in crude to help margin improvement: Texmo PipesDec 04, 2014, 12.17 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Fall in crude to help margin improvement: Texmo Pipes
Fall in crude prices led to reduction in prices of PVC and high-density polyethylene (HDPE) products to the tune of 15-20% so far, said Satyendra Rathi, Chief Financial Officer of Texmo Pipes.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fall in crude to help margin improvement: Texmo Pipes
Fall in crude prices led to reduction in prices of PVC and high-density polyethylene (HDPE) products to the tune of 15-20% so far, said Satyendra Rathi, Chief Financial Officer of Texmo Pipes.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Satyendra Rathi, Chief Financial Officer of  Texmo Pipes said there would be clear improvement in margins and profits going forward due to fall in petroleum prices.
Fall in crude prices led to reduction in prices of polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and high-density polyethylene (HDPE) products to the tune of 15-20% so far, he said.
Margins for the company are likely to improve in the current quarter from 9.4 percent reported in Q1. They also expect to turn profitable now, said Rathi.
Moreover, the benefit of fall in prices is passed on to the end users, he added.  
PVC and HDPE business is 60% of the entire order book, said Rathi.
Texmo Pipes is a market leader in plastic pipes and fitting. The Company manufactures polyvinyl chloride (PVC) pipes and suction hose pipes, and high-density polyethylene (HDPE) pipes. Beside this the company introduced new diversified products like CPVC Pipes, Molded Fittings of PVC and SWR, DWC Pipes, Drip Inline.
more to come
more to come
Texmo Pipes stock price
On December 10, 2014, Texmo Pipes and Products closed at Rs 14.30, down Rs 1.1, or 7.14 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 21.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 4.85.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 1.16 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 12.33. The latest book value of the company is Rs 49.34 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.29.
RELATED NEWS

Now Pranab s book set for an exclusive online launchCompanies, e-tailers experiment with exclusive product launches
Itika Sharma Punit | Bengaluru Dec 04, 2014 12:25 PM IST
Under an exclusive tie-up between publisher Rupa and Amazon.in, President Pranab Mukherjee’s much awaited book ‘The Dramatic Decade: The Indira Gandhi Years’ will be available to buyers only on the e-commerce major’s website for the first 21 days after its launch on December 11.
This has upset several consumers and offline bookstores who, according to a report in The Times of India, are considering boycotting Rupa.
Amid this uproar here’s a list of things that were launched ‘exclusively online’, many of which caught attention only due to this exclusivity.
Biscuit: In a first of its kind moves, bakery and dairy major Britannia Industries last month launched an exclusive tie up with e-tailer Amazon India for a pilot launch of a new chocolate chip cookie, Good Day Chunkies. The 15-day offer is currently on and closes on December 5, after which the product goes to offline retail stores.
Beverage: In September this year, Coca-Cola launched its sugar-free soft drink Coca-Cola Zero in India exclusively on Amazon.in for two weeks. The product got 1,700 online bookings within four hours of the launch. The brand was available in US, Mexico, China, Brazil and Japan before its India launch.
Gadgets: Exclusive online sale of mobile phones first caught attention when Motorola Mobility’s Moto series of phones (which included MotoG, MotoE and MotoX) were offered to buyers exclusively on Flipkart. Even as Indian users had no experience of using these phones, the sale triggered an overwhelming response with over 20,000 units of MotoG (which was the first launch in the series) getting sold within hours.
This was not the first exclusive mobile phone launch on Flipkart, as the e-commerce major’s website crashed for the first time since inception in July 2014 when it offered high-end smartphone Xiaomi Mi3 exclusively. The first batch of these phones was sold within 39 minutes.
Books: President Mukherjee’s book is not the first one to have got an exclusive online launch. Author Chetan Bhagat’s latest release Half Girlfriend had an exclusive pre-order on Flipkart. Sachin Tendulkar's autobiography Playing It My Way was also launched for pre-orders on e-commerce websites. The book had topped 150,000 copies in orders by 11 am on November 6, a statement issued by Hachette India, publisher of the book said.
Movies & Songs: Series of several shows, like House of Cards, have been exclusively launched on NetFlix. Also, many international songs have been exclusively launched on Apple Inc’s iTunes Store.
Games: Microsoft's third generation gaming console Xbox One is till date available exclusively on Amazon in India.

Govt guidelines to clarify  arm s length    ordinary course of business  definitionsGovt guidelines to clarify 'arm's length', 'ordinary course of business' definitions
Deepak Patel | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 12:23 AM IST
To minimise confusion and litigation, the government will bring fresh guidelines to clearly explain the meaning of terms “arm’s length basis” and “ordinary course of business”, used in the Companies Act, 2013.
“After understanding the significance of these two terms for our industry, we have decided to bring fresh guidelines,” said a senior government official who did not wish to be named. “We will try to bring those as soon as possible.” In the new Companies Act, the terms “arm’s length basis” or “arm’s length’s transaction” are introduced only in connection with “related-party transactions”.
Similarly, though the term “ordinary course of business” has been used at various places in the new Act, it has primarily drawn attention because of its significance in the case of related-party transactions.
According to the Act, if a related-party transaction is not in “ordinary course of business” or not on an “arm’s length basis”, the company concerned has to pass a board resolution for such a transaction.
The company might also need to obtain minority shareholders’ approval in certain cases where they cross a material threshold prescribed by the ministry of corporate affairs (MCA).
For non-compliance with this law, there are strict punishments, including penalties and in certain cases imprisonment.
A transaction is generally described as being on an arm’s length basis when a buyer and a seller act independently and have no relationship with each other. The concept is used to ensure both parties in the deal are acting in their own interest and are not subject to any pressure from the other party.
Similarly, ordinary course of business covers the usual transactions, customs and practices of a certain business. But industry wants clear definition of these terms, so that any subjectivity can be ruled out.
According to experts, as there is no clear definition of these two terms, companies are in a state of confusion and in fear of increased litigation due to inherent subjectivity. “There is a lot of anxiety in the corporate world; it is like shooting in the dark,” said Pankaj Chadha, partner in a member firm of EY Global.
“Consider royalty payments, for example. It can be taken as ordinary course of business for a company like Maruti Suzuki but one might view it differently in the case of, say, a Tata group company,” said Yogesh Sharma, partner (assurance), Grant Thornton India LLP.
According to various experts, guidelines in this regard would increase the ease of doing business. “One hopes the guidelines are exhaustive and illustrative to envisage various scenarios and prescribe their treatment under the companies Act, rather than giving broad directions in this regard,” said Girish Vanvari, Co-head of tax at KPMG in India. Also, to avoid conflicts, it would be essential to maintain consistency with the existing principles of ‘arms length’ under the Income Tax Act, he added.
The Income Tax Act prescribes various methods to compute the ‘arms length price’. These methods have inherent subjectivity relating to the computation mechanism of the arms length price (such as choice of comparable, etc), which is one of the major factors leading to litigation.
According to Vanvari, because of the closeness of relationship between the parties, there can be genuine difficulties in determining what arm’s length is, “especially where it is not possible to find wholly comparable transactions among unconnected parties”. This will ultimately create conflicts. The Vodafone and Shell transfer-pricing cases, in which the Bombay High Court recently ruled in favour of the companies, are the latest examples.
It must also be noted that the guidelines for these terms have a different purpose in the context of the Companies law. “Determination of arm’s length price under Companies Act is for avoiding any conflict of interest, while under the I-T Act this determination is for mitigating tax avoidance,” said Arun Chhabra, director, Grant Thornton Advisory Pvt Ltd.
Other countries like the US and UK, which are members of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), have agreed to achieve a fair division of taxing profits through a certain framework.
OECD has established a framework by laying down the broad principles for determining the arm’s length price for purposes of transfer pricing. This is followed by its member countries.
To address international double taxation, transactions among connected parties should be treated for tax purposes by reference to the amount of profit that would have arisen if the same transactions had been executed by unconnected parties. This is the arm’s length principle in OECD that all member countries have to follow.
“Transfer pricing regulations in the US and UK have now reached a mature stage, unlike in India where it is a relatively new piece of legislation (introduced in 2001),” said Vanvari.
The guidelines will be part of the government’s efforts to address concerns of the industry over the new Companies Act. Recently, the Cabinet cleared 14 changes to the Act, to make doing business in India easier. At present, India stands 142nd among 189 countries in terms of ease of doing business, according to a recent World Bank report.
The amendments include replacing ‘special resolution’ with ‘ordinary resolution’ for minority shareholders’ approval to related-party transactions. This means the companies concerned would require the consent of only 50 per cent of the minority shareholders present, instead of the 75 per cent prescribed in the current law.
INDUSTRY SEEKS MORE CLARITY
In the new Companies Act, the terms “arm’s length basis” or “arm’s length’s transaction” are introduced only in connection with “related-party transactions”
 
Similarly, though the term “ordinary course of business” has been used at various places in the new Act, it has primarily drawn attention because of its significance in the case of related-party transactions
 
According to the Act, if a related-party transaction is not in “ordinary course of business” or not on an “arm’s length basis”, the company concerned has to pass a board resolution for such a transaction
 

NMDC aims to increase production by 70% in next 10 yearsNMDC aims to increase production by 70 per cent in next 10 years
IANS     Kolkata   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 14:32 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
The National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) aims to increase its production by 70 per cent within the next 10 years and has received approval from the central government to explore mining in India.
The NMDC will work in association with the Geological Survey of India (GSI) and Navayuga Engineering Co (NECL).
"We had approached the government for exploration at free of charges. The NMDC has plans to start an extensive exploration process now," NMDC chairman and managing director Narendra Kothari said on the sidelines of a programme in Kolkata on Wednesday.
The NMDC has recently bought a sizeable stake in an Australian mineral exploration company and is expected to use it for both domestic and global operations.
India has 12 per cent of the global reserve of coal, but only 18 per cent of the Indian mainland has been explored so far.
"The per capita mineral consumption in India is the lowest among BRIC countries," Kothari said.
Stating that minerals are the backbone of the economy, Kothari highlighted the need for extensive development of infrastructure and research and development temperament and facilities.
Commenting about the target and the volume of business, Kothari said; "By 2019, we will be reaching 60 million tonnes and by 2025 we would touch 100 million tonnes."
The NMDC is also coming up with a steel plant in Bastar in Chhattisgarh by 2016 and is investing Rs.16,000 crores for the project.
As production increases on the domestic front, the state owned company is also planning to increase its exports from about 6 per cent to 10 per cent in the next two years.

Guv Raghuram Rajan s RBI policy preparing for rate cuts: When  Why and How muchIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
The Governor Raghuram Rajan-led RBI’s tone shifted to being more balanced and markets are likely to take it as a hint of the first rate cut being as early as mid-January 2015. However, we expect the RBI to cut rates in March only after factoring in (1) the Union Budget in end-February and (2) clarity on the disinflationary impulses after the base effects diminish. We factor in 50-75 bps of repo rate cuts in CY2015 based on our estimate that inflation will likely hover around 6% for most part of CY2015. We expect 10-year yields to range at 7.50-8.00% in CY2015 after factoring in the repo rate cuts.
When? First rate cut more likely after Union Budget
The RBI’s statement “… a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle…” effectively opens up the timing of the first rate cut to a wide window of mid-January (after December inflation release) and early-April (scheduled policy meeting). If an out-of-the-turn policy rate decision is indeed likely, we expect the first rate cut to be in March 2015 after the fiscal aspect is factored in from the Union Budget. Clarity will also emerge on the disinflationary trends through December and January prints, which will enable the RBI to start a rate-cut cycle on a more concrete ground. We think that an earlier cut in January will be likely if the December inflation print is significantly lower than the RBI’s expectation (~5.5%), implying higher-than-expected disinflationary impulses. However, as a central bank starting out on a new monetary policy framework, the RBI will likely want to be sure of the trajectory and be late rather than risk reversals in policy stance.
Why? Disinflationary impulses beyond base effects will drive rate cut conviction
The inflation-based decision to cut repo rate will be driven by (1) sustainability of disinflationary impulses and (2) achieving the glide into the 6% even after rate cuts. These two conditions will receive greater attention over next 2-3 months, a period when the base effect-related drops in inflation will be over and also when some seasonal uptick in vegetable prices could be expected. The consequent changes in the public’s inflation expectations will remain a major input for the RBI as it decides the timing of the interest rate reduction. While the short-term drivers of inflation like commodity prices (global aspect) and minimum support prices (domestic aspect) remain comfortable, the long-term drivers like rural wages and structural frictions (hoarding, storage and logistics) will be important for sustained retail inflation of 4% (+/-) 2%.
How much? 50-75 bps over next one year
We note that the supply-side responses of an investment pick-up to interest rate reductions could continue to be muted. This is because we need an overall strong demand from domestic and external sources to clear out the excess capacities that are present in the economy. Apart from this, the RBI alludes to the fact that the pace of revival of stalled projects is still slow. The above argument implies that India’s potential growth rate will take a relatively long time to rise. The risk that the RBI runs is to cut the interest rates too deep and rekindle domestic demand much more sharply than the supply-side dynamics.
We expect that the RBI would be open to just a 50-75 bps cut in repo rate in CY2015. Further, in our opinion, the probability that the cuts will be delivered in equal doses of 25 bps is much higher. This is because as per the current inflation projection of the RBI “over the next 12-month… inflation is expected to retain some momentum and hover around 6%”.
By Kotak Institutional Equities
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan RBI Policy
More from economy

Chinas vivo ropes in Viacom 18 to market 4G handsets in India'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Viacom 18 Media, a leading entertainment network that is now part of Reliance Industries, has tied up with Chinese smartphone maker vivo, a BBK Communication Technology brand, to market its 4G handsets in India.
Interestingly, the deal comes at a time when RIL’s telecom arm, Reliance Jio, is gearing up to launch its pan-India mobile operations. RJio, which holds pan-India broadband wireless access (BWA) or 4G spectrum, is expected to launch mobile services sometime next year.
Though both Viacom and Guangdong-based vivo have said the tie-up is basically to facilitate vivo as a mobile brand in India, the deal has fueled speculations of a possible move by RJio to bundle 4G mobile and services, and make it available through its platform once it starts its 4G operations in India.
Jacy Liao, director, vivo Mobile India, told FE that his company doesn’t have any plans for a tie-up with RJio right now. “We have not discussed any such thing with RJio at this moment. But we will explore all possible ways to market vivo as a global mobile brand in India,” Liao explained.
“We have plans to be part of the new government’s Make in India campaign. We would set-up our own manufacturing facility in India the in next three years,” he added.
Foreign handset makers, especially from China, are flooding the Indian market with 4G handsets. Recently, Xiaomi tied-up with Bharti Airtel to sell its 4G handset, the Redme Note 4G, priced at Rs 9,999.
Vodafone is now testing its 4G LTE (Long Term Evolution) network in order to remain competitive against aggressive rollouts by rivals like RJio and Bharti Airtel.
China’s vivo plans to launch four models of 4G and 3G handsets in India shortly, including its 4G x-shot handset. The company would keep price in the range of under Rs 10,000 to Rs 35,000. Last month, the Chinese handset maker sold more smartphones in China than Apple. It has inked pacts with distributors in 20 states and will go ahead with its expansion plans.
By Sanjay Singh
TAGS: Bharti Airtel Viacom 18 Media
More from industry
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Baited by opposition  DMK Chief attends assembly in wheelchairWritten by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:59 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 3:09 am
DMK chief and Tamil Nadu Leader of the Opposition Karunanidhi on Thursday said he did not attend assembly sessions because the assembly building was not “disabled-friendly” and added that he would attend the House regularly if there was proper seating arrangement.
Chief Minister O Panneerselvam on Sunday had challenged the DMK chief to attend the session.
“Usually in Rajya Sabha and other Houses, there would be separate arrangement for members who are physically disabled. He (the CM) dared me to attend the session despite the fact that there is no arrangement to ensure my entry in wheelchair,” Karunanidhi said. He added that he is pained as he cannot fulfil his duties as an opposition leader at the assembly.
On Thursday, Karunanidhi left the assembly after signing the register. This was the first time the assembly met after AIADMK chief and former CM J Jayalalithaa stepped down following her conviction in a disproportionate assets case in September. Since October. the opposition had been demanding that the assembly be convened. However, the CM said there was no urgency to convene the House.

Merger: Janata Parivar parties to meet todayWritten by Santosh Singh |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:54 am
Merger of the Janata Parivar parties on top of their agenda, senior JD (U) leaders Nitish Kumar and Sharad Yadav, RJD chief Lalu Prasad, JD (S) leader H D Deve Gowda, INLD leader Dushyant Chautala and Samajwadi Janata Party leader Kamal Morarka would meet at SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav’s residence in New Delhi on Thursday. This will be their second meeting to discuss the merger of their parties to unitedly fight the “resurgent” BJP.
Sources said Lalu, who initially wanted to buy more time for the merger, may have been convinced. Nitish, Mulayam, Deve Gowda and Morarka had already given their consent for the merger in the last meeting. It was only INLD and RJD that had suggested floating of a front first before these parties merge.
Mulayam is being tipped as president of the new party with least chances of opposition on his name by any leader. Lalu, who once stalled Mulayam’s chances to become PM, has been in his favour. With Lalu’s youngest daughter Raj Lakshmi set to get married to Mulayam’s grand nephew and MainpurI MP Tej Pratap Yadav, the ties between the two Yadav leaders from UP and Bihar would only get stronger.
JD (U) Rajya Sabha MP and national spokesperson K C Tyagi told The Indian Express: “Merger is definitely on our meeting agenda. Let us see how all leaders respond to the big idea and how soon it takes formal shape. Talks have been on with Laluji and hopefully the meeting will have some good outcome.”
Asked about opposition to the merger idea from a section of the RJD and JD (U) leaders, Tyagi said top leaders of both parties would take the final call after considering all aspects. He, however, said the majority opionion was for merger to have common goal to fight BJP.
Earlier, RJD vice-president and former Union minister Raghuvansh Prasad Singh said there had been no common meeting ground between JD (U) and RJD after the Assembly bypoll campaigns. Even Nitish had to clarify that there would be no merger.
“With lot of flip-flop on the merger idea, tomorrow’s meeting will be very important in context of Bihar with Assembly polls just a year away,” said a senior JD (U) leader.

Navy chief warns of rising terrorist threat in the maritime domainWritten by Pranav Kulkarni | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:44 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 9:19 am
Navy chief Admiral R K Dhowan said Wednesday that dynamics of maritime security have changed due to rising “terrorist threat” in the domain. Speaking at a press meet ahead of Navy Day (December 4), Dhowan said following September’s PNS Zulfiqar incident, when suspected al-Qaeda militants hijacked a Pakistani warship to carry out terrorist activities, the jihadi angle has to be “taken into account”.
“Threat in the maritime domain from terrorists, non-state actors is huge…terrorists trying to commandeer a ship is a serious situation..We have taken note (of the PNS Zulfiqar incident),” Dhowan said.  “We have 2.5 lakh fishing boats in the country…any one can take up arms, ammunition in remote islands. (There are) 1197 islands and 7016 km of coastline. (It speaks) how easy it is from the other side and how difficult it is for us to secure,” he said.
Dhowan’s comments come in the backdrop of the recent anniversary of the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks which exposed the country’s vulnerability to threat from the sea.
It is in the aftermath of this attack that the Navy undertook the project to establish coastal security radars along the coastline under the NC3I project. Dhowan said “a lot has been done” since 2008 towards securing coasts, but added that it is a complex and ongoing task.
On the increasing Chinese presence in Indian Ocean Region (IOR), Dhowan said: “We monitor (the Chinese activities) closely..the PLA Navy has been operating in the IOR since 2008 because their trade and oil passes from the IOR,” he said.
The Navy chief also probably hinted that a lapse in procedures could be one of the reasons that led to the accident on-board INS Sindhurakshak last year, in which 18 sailors lost their lives.
Commenting on the board of inquiry report, which is currently being weighed by the Naval headquarters, Dhowan said, “It is not normal for a submarine to explode…a series of issues led to this accident…there are aspects related to procedures that need to be followed when we are handling explosives on board submarine. The Navy is a technical force and SOPs and safety procedures are laid down…when procedures don’t get followed, there is room for error and accidents happen”.

ABB up 9%; global CEO says no plan to delist Indian armDec 04, 2014, 01.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ABB up 20%; global CEO says no plan to delist Indian arm
The company is planning to double exports from India in next 3-5 years and exports are likely to form nearly 50 percent of India business.  The management also added that there is a significant pick-up in orders in next 24-36 months.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ABB up 20%; global CEO says no plan to delist Indian arm
The company is planning to double exports from India in next 3-5 years and exports are likely to form nearly 50 percent of India business.  The management also added that there is a significant pick-up in orders in next 24-36 months.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  ABB rallied 20 percent, hitting all-time high of Rs 1396.70 intraday on Thursday. Investors are hurriedly buying its shares after global CEO has said that there is no plan to delist its Indian arm.
He said that the company is planning to double exports from India in next 3-5 years and exports are likely to form nearly 50 percent of India business.  The management also added that there is a significant pick-up in orders in next 24-36 months.
The power and automation technology provider has been on buyers’ radar after it won orders worth Rs 334 crore from two public utilities group, Bihar Grid Corporation (BGCL) and West Bengal State Electricity Transmission Company. As per the agreement, ABB will build new transmission and distribution sub-stations that will boost power supplies in the region.
As part of the contract in Bihar, ABB will design, supply, install and commission 220/132/33 kV(kilovolt) gas-insulated switchgear (GIS) sub-stations across four locations.
In West Bengal, the company will design, supply, install and commission a 220/132/33 kV AIS sub-station to help meet the growing demand for electricity in the Sadaipur region.
At 13:25 hrs ABB was quoting at Rs 1322.00, up Rs 158.05, or 13.58 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 4Dec 04, 2014, 12.40 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 4
Here are few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have National Building Construction Corp (NBCC), Bharat Electronics (BEL), Financial Technologies, ITC, Voltamp Transformer, Archies, Alok Industries and Page Industries.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 4
Here are few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have National Building Construction Corp (NBCC), Bharat Electronics (BEL), Financial Technologies, ITC, Voltamp Transformer, Archies, Alok Industries and Page Industries.
Post your opinion here

Under pressure from opposition parties  Modi says he strongly criticises BJP minister s remarksDec 04, 2014 at  07:28pm IST
Under pressure from opposition parties, Modi says he strongly criticises BJP minister's remarks
10
0
New Delhi: Forced to bow down to pressure from political parties, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday made a statement on the floor of the Rajya Sabha strongly criticising his minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti's controversial remarks.
"We should follow restrain in our language and be in our limits. I have disapproved the kind of language used by the minister in strongest terms. The minister has apologised and the House should gracefully accept that and carry forward its business in national interest. In the heat of elections leaders should avoid using such language," Modi said.
The Prime Minister said Jyoti is a first time minister and a new member of Parliament and the House should show magnanimity by accepting her apology considering this. Modi also said that after the minister's apology the matter should rest and the House resume its normal functioning.
#narendra modi #sadvi #sadhvi niranjan jyoti #bjp
Despite Modi making the statement, opposition parties refused to allow Parliament to function. Congress said that an apology is not enough and a thorough probe should be conducted into the matter.
"I want the Prime Minister to listen to us. We respect Parliament and law. The ministers take oath to respect the constitution. We must look into the statement and inquire into it," Congress MP Anand Sharma said in the Rajya Sabha.
The Congress leaders also maintained that they are not satisfied with Modi's statement. "We aren't satisfied with the statement. We want concrete action and that is sacking of the minister. A mere statement isn't enough,"  Congress leader Ashwani Kumar said.
In the Rajya Sabha, CPIM leader Sitaram Yechury also refused to accept the minister's apology. "The minister's statement in the House after the remark was not an apology. If she has apologised, it means she accepts that law was violated so action must be taken. How can she stay as a minister? She should step down," Yechury said.
956

Do you know the lifespan of your beauty kitDo you know the lifespan of your beauty kit?
By Vogue News | Vogue –  Tue 2 Dec, 2014 12:06 PM IST
Share 0
Do you know the lifespan of your beauty kit?They may not breathe, but they have a life. And they're not immortal. Soft bristles are getting coarse, the scarlet gloss that once exuded a rosy scent is now turning rancid – your beauty products might have reached their obituary stage. National make-up artist for Lancôme India, Stafford Braganza breaks down the lifeline of the paraphernalia in your beauty kit - from blushes to mascaras – and shares tips on maintaining them to prolong their existence.
Mascara
Lifespan: Mascara expires the fastest. Be very careful as this product has the closest contact to your eye. One must change their mascara every 6 to 8 weeks.
Deadline: Check for a foul smell or skip the unpleasantness altogether - replenish your mascara after 6 weeks.
Protect it: Never share your mascara with anyone, just like you would never share your toothbrush. Never pump your mascara before applying – it forces bacteria to breed in it, which in turn can give you an eye infection.
Lipstick
Lifespan: Most experts will tell you to replace your lipsticks every 9 months. The best way to know that your lipstick needs replenishment is to smell it.
Deadline: If it smells rancid, it is time to throw it away.
Protect it: If you are not a regular user of a certain shade of lipstick, it is best you store it in the butter compartment of your refrigerator.
Foundation
Lifespan: A water-based foundation will last up to 12 months, while an oil-based one will last up to 18 months.
Deadline: For an oil based foundation check if the oil separates from the foundation. If it does, it's time to change your foundation. If it's is a water-based foundation, follow the golden rule: check for a foul smell.
Protect it: Make sure you store you foundations in a cool, dry place.
Blush
Lifespan: Powder blush can last you for over a year as long as you keep it clean and dust free. Cream blush, on the other hand, is a bit different. Since it contains moisture it is best to replace your cream blush every 10 to 12 months.
Deadline: If you notice a foul smell or if it changes color then it is time to change your blush.
Protect it: Maintain your blush by keeping it clean and store in a cool, dry place.
Brushes
Lifespan: A good quality brush should last for over 36 months.
Deadline: If you notice the bristles are falling apart or are starting to smell, you know what to do.
Protect it: Wash your brushes with a mild shampoo or a facial cleanser as it is gentle on the bristles. When traveling, wrap make-up brushes in a piece of cloth. The fabric will protect the bristles and collect residual make-up.
Eye shadow
Lifespan: Most eye shadows last over 3 years. I recommend that you check the expiration on the product.
Deadline: Just like your powder blush, if you notice a foul smell or if it changes colour, it is time to change your eye shadow.
Protect it:  Store in a cool, dry place.
Eye liner
Lifespan: Liquid liners: Ideally, a liquid liner should last you 10 to 12 weeks.
Pencil liners: Pencil or roll up liners should ideally last you 14 to 16 months, depending on your usage.
Deadline: Don't wait till you encounter an eye infection. A foul smell indicates you need a new liner.
Protect it: Keep the tips of your liquid liner clean and never share your liners with anyone. Sharpen your pencil eyeliners at every usage.
- Sneha Mankani

World s fastest camera is hereWorld s fastest camera is here
Asian Paints key beneficiary of high oil prices: JP MorganAsian Paints key beneficiary of high oil prices: JP Morgan
PM Modi says minister has apologised  let the House functionPM Modi says minister has apologised  let the House function
Russia limits poultry imports from U.S.Russia limits poultry imports from U.S.
Reuters
Tweet
MOSCOW, Dec 4:  
Russia's Veterinary and Phytosanitary Surveillance Service (VPSS) said on Thursday it was implementing temporary restrictions on imports of poultry meat and poultry products from the United States because of "harmful residues."
The service said the imports limit is to come into effect as of Dec. 5 and was due to "the ongoing identification of harmful residues and banned substances coming from the U.S. poultry products, including the presence of tetracycline."
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Ryerson Futures  Chokhani Group to launch $15-mn start-up fund in IndiaRyerson Futures, Chokhani Group to launch $15-mn start-up fund in India
Reghu Balakrishnan | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 01:09 PM IST
Ryerson Futures Inc (RFI), Canada-based accelerator for early stage companies and Chokhani Group have joined hands to launch a $15-million (Rs 82 crore) fund to invest in early stage technology businesses connected to Zone Startups India.
Started in February of 2014, Zone Startups India has incubated technology startups focused on data analytics, mobility, e-commerce, education, hardware, technology, human computing interface, mobile payments, healthcare and enabling platforms. Its current portfolio startups includes Focus Analytics, Bug Clipper, Baby Chakra, Pykih, FOSengage, DrugIO, Intugine Technologies, ArtZolo, Underdogs Gaming Studio, BOOKstreet to name a few. Zone Startups India works with up to 60 startups annually.
The fund will seek to invest between Rs 27 lakh - Rs 2.7 crore in 10-15 start-ups every year.
 
"Anil Chokhani said, “Partnering with an existing accelerator allows us to leverage the benefits of a formalized program.” Anil Chokhani and Krishna Chokhani have been serial angel investors with Mumbai Angels.
“We are seeing many great startups come through Zone Startups India. Launching a fund to help rapidly advance these startups is a logical next step now that we have been able to establish a strong network in India with our partners,” says Matt Saunders, President of Ryerson Futures Inc.

Cut in gold import duty unlikely before BudgetCut in gold import duty unlikely before Budget
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 12:40 PM IST
Any revision in gold import duty is unlikely to take place before the Budget and there is no proposal as of now to reduce the 10% duty, a finance ministry official said.
"On import duty (on gold) there is no decision at the moment. Import duty whatever has to be done will form part of the Budget. At the moment there is no proposal to reduce import duty on gold," the official said.
There has been widespread expectations of reduction in customs duty on gold due to the improved current account deficit situation. The Commerce Ministry has also been pitching for a cut in import duty on the precious metal.
General Budget for the coming fiscal is generally announced on the last working day of February.
Earlier this week, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had also said that there were some requests to change the duty structure (on gold) and that government will view and take a decision on it.
The then government in 2013 had increased import duty on gold to 10% following rising current account deficit (CAD) mainly due to import of gold.
Speaking about the removal of 80:20 restriction, the official said it is enough to ease the problem of gold availability and this will curb the problem of smuggling that was taking place.
Besides, the CAD situation is fairly comfortable and therefore there was no need to continue with it, the official added.
The 80:20 gold import curbs were put in place in August 2013 to curb high gold inflows that was leading to widening CAD.
Last month, the government decided to scrap this scheme as it was creating distortions.
Under this scheme, at least 20% of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lots.
The surprise move came at a time when the industry was actually expecting more curbs on imports of gold, which is seen as an unproductive asset-attracting household savings away from the financial markets.
"The decision to scrap the 80:20 scheme is a reasonable one and let us see how it plays out. I think the fact that we have a substantial fall in crude imports means that we have some room to sustain an expansion in another import," the RBI Governor had said.
The governor had said the decision to withdraw the scheme was taken by the government and RBI involvement was just to advise it on the same as there were some debates about the 80:20 scheme and the distortion it was creating.
It can be noted that gold imports jumped 280% to $4.17 billion in October.

FM Jaitley calls for cooperation to check tax evasionArun Jaitley calls for global cooperation to check tax evasion, smuggling
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 14:37 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley  on Thursday said free trade should also mean fair trade, calling upon revenue intelligence agencies to enhance cooperation with their global counterparts to check tax evasion and smuggling.
Although the fiscal incentives for financial malpractices have come down over the years, Jaitley said revenue intelligence officials must increase global cooperation to check tax evasion and smuggling.
While inaugurating the 2nd Regional Customs Enforcement conference in the national capital on Thursday, the finance minister stressed that effective steps to curb tax evasion and avoidance were necessary to ensure that free trade remained fair trade.
Jaitley also called upon revenue intelligence officials to increase the use of technology and develop the ability to read between the lines to check financial malpractices.
The dynamics of revenue intelligence would continue to evolve with changing times, he said, adding world is obliterating the distinction between tax evasion and tax avoidance.
Jaitley said there was a time when the incentive for tax evasion and smuggling was high. However, with the decline in tax rates, tariffs and duties, the incentive for (financial malpractices) is going down.
The government has been vociferously raising the issues concerning tax evasion and avoidance at several international meetings, especially at the G-20 deliberations .

There can be only one Kim: People forbidden to use the leadersnameBy: Associated Press | Seoul (korea) |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:43 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 2:13 pm
In North Korea, there can be only one Kim Jong Un.
A South Korean official said Wednesday that Pyongyang forbids its people from using the same name as the young absolute leader.
The measure appears meant to bolster a personality cult surrounding Kim, who took over after the death of his dictator father Kim Jong Il in late 2011. Seoul officials have said Pyongyang also banned the use of the names of Kim Jong Il and the country’s founder, Kim Il Sung.
The South Korean official said Kim Jong Il in early 2011 ordered citizens with the same name as his son to get new names and demanded that authorities reject birth registrations of newborn babies with the name.
The official requested anonymity because he wasn’t authorized to speak publicly. He refused to disclose how the information was obtained.
Kim Jong Un made his international debut in late 2010 when he was awarded a slew of top political jobs. His father, who reportedly suffered a stroke in 2008, was seen as moving fast to hand over power so his family could rule for a third generation.
Kim Jong Il inherited power in 1994 when his father Kim Il Sung died.
North Korea enforces strict, state-organized public reverence of the Kim family, which serves as the backbone of the family’s authoritarian rule of the impoverished country. The North is locked in a long-running international standoff over its nuclear ambitions.
All North Koreans are required to wear lapel pins bearing the images of Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il and to put the leaders’ portraits on the walls of their homes. Their birthdays are considered the most important holidays in North Korea.

BJP-Shiv Sena alliance sealed; Sena to get five CabinetberthsBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:42 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 3:29 pm
After an acrimonious split, BJP and Shiv Sena are together again with Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Thursday announcing that Sena will be joining his government on Friday “in keeping with the mandate” and will get 12 ministerial berths but there will be no Deputy CM.
However, Fadnavis did not reveal the portfolios to be given to Sena, which was understood to be eying the key Home department, held by the Chief Minister, besides demanding the Deputy Chief Minister’s post.
“It is the desire of the people of Maharashtra that BJP and Shiv Sena should be part of the government,” the Chief Minister told reporters at a joint press conference with senior Sena leaders, 70 days after the two parties had snapped ties ending their 25-year-old alliance ahead of the assembly elections.
12 ministers from Sena, including five of cabinet rank will be inducted, he said, ruling out having a deputy chief minister’s post.
For now, 10 Sena ministers will take oath. Also about 8 to 10 BJP ministers will also take oath on Friday, Fadnavis said.
The announcement came after days of parleys between the two parties which saw hard-bargaining for portfolios.
The swearing in will take place at 4 PM at the Vidhan Bhawan premises.
At present the Fadnavis Ministry’s strength is 10, including the Chief Minister. Eight of them are of Cabinet rank.
“People voted against Congress and NCP. People wanted BJP and Sena to form government in Maharashtra,” Fadnavis said.
“We could not take decisions on some issues. So BJP formed government. Workers of BJP and Sena wanted both the parties to be in government. Even legislators of both the parties wanted us to be in government together,” he said.
“I spoke to Uddhavji that the Sena should join the government and he responded positively. Union minister Dharmendra Pradhan held talks with him and later on all of us worked out the modalities,” he said.
READ: Swearing-in ceremony of Shiv Sena, BJP ministers to take place on Friday
“We will form a coordination committee and will jointly contest Zilla Parishad and Municipal polls,” he said.
“We are two different parties and we have our own views on various issues,” the Chief Minister said.
“We took a stance to be in the government together keeping in view the mandate people have given. We respect the mandate. We were together for 25 years and we will continue to be together in this government and even later,” Fadnavis said.
“For 25 years we have resolved issues through talks and we will do so even now,” Fadnavis said, when asked about the contradictory views of the two parties on some issues.
“We will soon take a decision on including other alliance partners in the government,” Fadnavis said.
Senior Sena leader Subhash Desai, who was present along with Fadnavis, said “both the parties have decided to provide a strong government to Maharashtra.”
“Our effort will be to provide good governance. We are confident that we will respect the mandate given by people of continued…

Whats life A letter from a grandfather to his one-day old grandson explains itallWritten by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:28 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 1:29 pm
It is one of the happiest days in his life when he gets the news that he has become a proud granddad. His son calls him and asks him to say something to his one-day old grandson. The old man puts on his glasses, grabs his notepad and begins to write.
The five-minute video reads out the content of the letter that sums up the gist and purpose of life quite beautifully.
The letter

Best of the week: Xiaomi Redmi Note & OnePlusOneWritten by Nandagopal Rajan , Debashis Sarkar |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:13 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 1:34 pm
This has been a very interesting week for those who like to be on top of technology, thanks to two smartphones that were launched in the Indian market. One, the Xiaomi Redmi Note, which offers a large screen and decent specs at a very affordable price point and the other, the OnePlus One, which aims to become a flagship killer by offering top-end specs at half the price.  We present to you both the reviews, in case you missed them initially.
Xiaomi Redmi Note | Rs 8,999
Specs: 5.5-inch IPS display 720 x 1280 pixels | Android 4.3 OS with MIUI 5 | 1.7 GHz MediaTek MT 6592 octa-core CPU | Mali 450 GPU | 2GB RAM | 8GB internal memory expandable up to 32 GB | 13 MP rear camera | 5 MP front camera | Dual-SIM (regular SIM 3G+2G) | 3200 mAh battery
The OnePlus One review starts at 2.33 minutes.
Should you buy it?
The Xiaomi Redmi Note offers great value for money, no doubt. However, be sure about the size and obviously Android 4.2.2 OS, before buying. If you want a large-screened smartphone then this is the only option under Rs 10,000.
Read the full review here
OnePlus One | Rs 21,999
Specs: 5.5-inch Full HD (1920x1080p, 401 PPI) LTPS IPS with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 | Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor with 2.5GHz Quad-core | 3GB RAM | 64GB internal storage, no external slot | 13MP rear camera + 5MP front camera | 4K video recording with slowmotion | 3100 mAh battery | 4G with nano and micro SIM trays in box | Cyanogen 11S OS based on Android 4.4
Should you buy it?
At the price of Rs 21,999, the OnePlus One makes for a great buy. This is because along with all the top-end specifications, the phone also gives you 64GB of storage. Yes, this is without doubt a flagship killer.

China marks Constitution Day amid legalpushBy: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:11 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 1:16 pm
China is marking its first Constitution Day as part of President Xi Jinping’s drive to show the country embraces rule of law while ensuring that ruling Communist Party holds on to its unrivaled authority.
The new holiday Thursday is being commemorated with nationwide activities in schools, government offices and state-owned companies.
It is part of Xi’s campaign to institutionalize the party’s powers while reducing corruption and improving government efficiency. Critics point to inherent contradictions in the campaign, including the party’s refusal to accept independent oversight and honor constitutional guarantees such as the right to free speech and religious assembly.
China has enacted four constitutions since the communist state’s founding in 1949, with the current version adopted in 1982. Its first article forbids any challenge to the country’s socialist system.

Akshay Kumar: I dont endorse six-pack or eight packabsBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:11 pm
Akshay Kumar , who is counted amongst the fittest and most agile actors in the Hindi film industry, says he does not favour six-pack or eight-pack abs and that he believes in a “natural way of maintaining a good body”.
“It takes a long time to make abs. Tehelte tehelte nahi ban jaate abs (It is not a cakewalk to get such abs),” said Akshay on being asked about the trend of abs in Bollywood.
“All that is shown onscreen might not be real either. I don’t endorse these six-pack or eight-pack abs. I believe in the natural way of maintaining a good body,” he added.
The 47-year-old, who himself has a well-sculpted body, asserts that rather than focussing on building abs, people should care about their future health as otherwise it may prove fatal to their bodies.
“The person should also care about his health and future as well. A lot of people depend on products that may give them a good feeling about their bodies for few days, but the long-term effect is dangerous to their body,” Akshay said.
Meanwhile, actors like Shah Rukh Khan and Aamir Khan as well as the new generation actors keep flaunting their six-pack abs and eight-pack abs.

Iranian jets carry out fresh strikes in Iraq against Islamic State: USOfficialBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:06 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 2:20 pm
Iranian jets have carried out airstrikes against Islamic State militants in Iraq in recent days, Pentagon officials and independent analysts say, underscoring the strange alliances generated by the war against the extremist group that has beheaded Americans and killed and terrorized Iraqi civilians.
Washington and Tehran are locked in tough negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program. But the two adversaries have been fighting parallel campaigns on the same side in Iraq to defend the Shiite-dominated government — and the region’s Kurds — from IS militants who seized a large section of the country.
It has long been known that Iranian troops and advisers have been fighting alongside Iraqi forces, but until this week there had been no confirmation of Iranian air activity. The timing and nature of the strikes are not clear, but a senior U.S. official said they occurred in Diyala province, which extends from northeast Baghdad to the Iranian border. The official spoke only on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to disclose that information.
The Qatari-based broadcaster Al-Jazeera filmed a jet flying over Iraq on Nov. 30 that was identified by Jane’s Defence Weekly as an American-made F-4 Phantom. The Phantom, a twin-engine fighter bomber that was sold to Iran’s U.S.-backed shah in the 1970s, was last produced by McDonnell Aircraft Corp. in 1981.
Iran in the 1980s fought a brutal, ultimately stalemated war with Iraq when that country was led by Saddam Hussein and his Sunni-controlled Baath Party. But the U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam left an Iraqi government closely aligned with Iran. A majority of Iraqis are Shiite, as are most Iranians. The Islamic State group, which also controls parts of Syria, is led by Sunni extremists and has attracted many Sunnis who felt disenfranchised by Baghdad.
In public, U.S. officials have walked a careful line over the strikes, while Iranian officials have flatly denied them. Neither side has an interest in appearing to cooperate with the other. America’s Arab allies in the fight against the Islamic State, including Sunni-led Saudi Arabia and Qatar, would not want to be seen as fighting alongside Shiite Iran against a group of Sunni militants.
Rear Adm. John Kirby, the Pentagon’s chief spokesman, said Tuesday he had seen “nothing that would dispute” that Iran has carried out airstrikes in eastern Iraq. The U.S. was “not taking a position” on the strikes, he said.
Speaking in Brussels on Wednesday, Secretary of State John Kerry said that Iranian attacks on IS militants would represent a positive development.
“I think it’s self-evident that if Iran is taking on continued…

Learning every day on set: Kunal Kohli onactingPosted: December 4, 2014 1:01 pm
 
Filmmaker Kunal Kohli, who will make his acting debut with “Phir Se”, says he is enjoying as well as learning on the sets of the upcoming film.
To be directed by Kohli himself, the movie also stars Jennifer Winget of “Saraswatichandra” fame.
“Enjoying n learning every day on set in my new avatar as an actor, helps to have talent like @jenwinget as my co-star,” Kohli tweeted Thursday.
“Today the super talented choreographer Raju Khan joined us. Worked with him on ‘Hum Tum’, enriching working with him as an actor this time,” he added.
The cast and crew of the upcoming movie is currently filming in London.

Release one step closer for Roy: Sahara sells Gurgaon land worth Rs 1 211-cr to M3MBREAKING NEWS
Release one step closer for Subrata Roy: Sahara sells Gurgaon land worth Rs 1,211 cr to M3M
By Ravi Teja Sharma , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.35AM IST
0
Share More
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Cash-strapped Sahara group has sold a prime plot near Delhi-Gurgaon border to Gurgaonbased developer M3M India for Rs 1,211 crore as part of efforts to raise funds for bailing out its chairman Subrata Roy . M3M announced the sale on Thursday, a day after the Supreme Court allowed Sahara to sell four properties located in Vasai and Pune, Jodhpur and Chauma.
Sahara has been trying to sell the 185 acres, close to the Indira Gandhi International Airport, for the past year. According to people close to the development, it had initially put a price of Rs 1,700 crore for the plot. Although the deal with M3M has been inked atRs 6.5 crore an acre, brokers and market experts say the ongoing rate for an acre of land in this area is betweenRs 9 crore and Rs 10 crore.
But Pankaj Bansal, director at M3M India, said this was not a distress sale by Sahara. According to Bansal, the company plans to build a mixed-use project on the land, which will have internationally-branded residences, serviced apartments as well as retail and entertainment zones.
The company will be able to construct on approximately 12 million sq ft of this land. In response to an email questionnaire, Sahara said, "We have placed all the relevant records in front of the honourable Supreme Court. Since the matter is sub-judice, we cannot comment any further on your query".
The group had informed the court about the sale, which then gave permission to close the deal. Explaining the payment arrangements, Bansal said the company has given six post-dated cheques and Sahara will get the entire money in the next six months in instalments.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Real Estate on Twitter Follow

SAIL sell-off tomorrow Stock slips over 3%SAIL back in green after slipping 3%; stake sale tomorrow
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 02.56PM IST
Tags:
SAIL
(At 09:40 a.m.; SAIL was trading…)
NEW DELHI: Steel Authority of India (SAIL) slipped as much as 3.09 per cent in trade on Thursday, but bounced back into green in late trade. This, after the government said it plans to divest 5 per cent stake sale in the steel-maker to raise around Rs 1,700 crore through the sale.
The company informed stock exchanges about the proposed stake sale to be held through the offer for sale (OFS) route on December 5 and said the government will decide on the floor price for the issue on Thursday.
The government currently holds an 80% stake in the steel giant.
The stake sale will help the company meet the listing norms of Securities & Exchange Board of India ( Sebi ), which require the government's stake to be lowered to 75 per cent, ET reported.
The sale of a 5% stake, or about 20.65 crore shares, of SAIL at current market price may fetch the government around Rs 1,700 crore, added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ICICI Bank trades ex-split; hits life high | ITC up 6% as ban on loose sticks is put offICICI Bank trades ex-split; stock hits all-time high
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 05.40PM IST
Tags:
ICICI Bank Ltd.
(The move will increase the…)
MUMBAI: ICICI Bank hit all-time high in Thursday's trade as investors lapped up the stock after it turned ex-split.
The stock closed the day at Rs 361.85; up 0.90 per cent, on the BSE.
The bank has split the stock in the ratio of 5:1. i.e. equity share of face value Rs 10 has been split into five shares of face value Rs 2.
The move will increase the liquidity in the shares and bring down ICICI Bank's share price. It allows retail investors to own the share at lower price.
The stock has been on an upmove since the company announced stock split on September 09, 2014. It has surged 18.54 per cent to hit a 52-week high of Rs 366.30.
Over 10.37 lakh shares traded in the counter against two-week average of 1.94 lakh shares.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Disabled assured of all helpUpdated: December 4, 2014 13:44 IST
Disabled assured of all help
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu
Dilip Patro, director, The Ability People, showing how the taxi service for differently abled persons can be used, in Visakhapatnam on Wednesday.
Backlog of jobs reserved for physically challenged in the government departments would be filled soon, Collector N. Yuvaraj said during a function organised by the district administration on the occasion of World Disabled Day here on Wednesday.
“The delay is due to the cases pending in court but we will try to remove the hurdles and fill the backlog vacancies. All help will be extended to the physically handicapped and for the welfare of old people,” Mr. Yuvaraj said. Funds meant for medical aid for this category of people would also be realised soon, he added.
Andhra University Dr. Ambedkar Assembly Hall was packed with students and members of various schools and voluntary organisations working for the welfare of the physically challenged. An exhibition was organised and schoolchildren presented an impressive cultural programme. Some recounted the help received from the government and the agencies in shaping their future. Assistant Director of Welfare for Physically Challenged G. Narasimhulu presided.
MLAs P.V.G.R. Naidu and V. Ganesh Kumar spoke.

Will India Post get its wish at last  to be a bankLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Will India Post get its wish at last, to be a bank?
The government is keen to convert the postal department into a full-fledged bank to deepen financial inclusion.
Post your opinion here
The TSR Subramanian panel will be submitting recommendations on turning India Post into a universal bank on Thursday. The panel will advise on whether India Post can be or should be turned into a full-fledged or payment bank.
The government is keen to convert the postal department into a full-fledged bank to deepen financial inclusion.
For several years now, the postal department has been asking for permission to be allowed to operate as a full-fledged bank as it already functions as an almost payment bank, with a network of around 1.55 lakh branches.
 
Later in the day, there will be clarity on what will be the way forward for India Post.
RELATED NEWS

Visibility for FY16 is looking strong: CyientDec 04, 2014, 02.09 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Visibility for FY16 is looking strong: Cyient
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Krishna Bodanapu, MD & CEO of Cyient, said the business momentum in the current year is better than last year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Visibility for FY16 is looking strong: Cyient
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Krishna Bodanapu, MD & CEO of Cyient, said the business momentum in the current year is better than last year.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Cyient  has been in focus of late. The company reported a strong set of numbers in the second quarter, surprising both on revenue as well as margin front. The stock has been trading higher by almost 9 percent this week.
Staying positive on the company’s performance going forward, Krishna Bodanapu, MD & CEO of Cyient, said the visibility for FY16 looks strong and the business momentum in the current year is better than last year.
Below is the transcript of Krishna Bodanapu’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Sumaira Abidi and Latha Venkatesh
Sumaira: After two years of posting weak dollar revenue growth this time around in Q2 you delivered a solid performance so that has led a lot of brokerages actually to up their FY15 estimates to about 24 percent odd growth. Do you think you will now manage it or will you exceed it?
A: We have had a robust streak of quarters now, we have had four solid quarters of growth. The best quarter we have had was 7 percent constant currency growth in the last four quarter. 
In terms of the absolute numbers I think it is really a mathematical exercise at this point. All I can say is the momentum is quite strong and we continue to see the momentum for the rest of the year. Q3 is seasonally a weak quarter for us just because of the number of working days and a few associated things. So Q3 will still deliver growth but may be not to the extent that what we have done in the last four quarters. But from Q4 onwards and more importantly getting into FY16, we believe we have some really solid momentum behind us. So beyond that it is really a mathematical exercise and anybody can do that.
Latha: Your FY14 was not a bad quarter itself. Your revenues grew by over 20 percent and your earnings have grown 40 percent. So is FY15 going to be at a slightly faster pace?
A: Just one correction, FY14 the revenue growth was 20 percent in rupee terms. In dollar terms it was 6.5-6.6 percent. So we obviously significantly benefitted from the rupee depreciation in FY14. So the underlying dollar growth was a little lower than that obviously. 
Now in FY15 I think we also have one advantage that is the acquisition of Softential adds roughly 5 percent to whatever the end number in dollar terms. But taking Softential into account, the 24 percent is possible or is roughly where we will be. The exact numbers are hard to say right now but that is the range that we are looking at at this point.
Cyient stock price
On December 10, 2014, Cyient closed at Rs 523.25, down Rs 12.55, or 2.34 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 577.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 265.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 20.18 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 25.93. The latest book value of the company is Rs 123.58 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.23.
RELATED NEWS

Biocon may test Rs 490  says Gaurav BissaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Biocon may test Rs 490, says Gaurav Bissa
Gaurav Bissa, Derivatives Analyst at LKP Securities feels that Biocon may test Rs 490.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Gaurav Bissa, Derivatives Analyst at LKP Securities told CNBC-TV18, " Biocon has been witnessing a smart move. It has now closed above the 200 day moving average (DMA) which is around Rs 465. It has been building up long positions; it is properly placed.”
“If you look at the comparisons with other peers they have moved up. This is one stock which has been struggling to hold Rs 465-470 levels. So, if these levels are held I suppose a target price of Rs 490 cannot be ruled out in the stock. One can keep a stoploss at Rs 460,” he added.
RELATED NEWS

Go long in Hexaware Tech; target Rs 240: Gaurav BissaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Go long in Hexaware Tech; target Rs 240: Gaurav Bissa
Gaurav Bissa, Derivatives Analyst at LKP Securities is of the view that one may go long in Hexaware Technologies.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Gaurav Bissa, Derivatives Analyst at LKP Securities told CNBC-TV18, " Hexaware Technologies has been consolidating in Rs 210 to Rs 225 range in past couple of weeks. The stock is seen coming out of this range with good amount of volumes. Fresh long positions are getting build in this stock. It is trading above its short-term averages, short-term average conversion is seen in the stock and if you look at the overall performance of the IT sector the heavyweights like Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) have already seen the upside.”
“Now it is the time that the midcap names in the IT sector are likely to take the bandwidth forward. So, one can go long in this stock for target price of Rs 240 in its momentum keeping a stoploss of Rs 220,” he added.
RELATED NEWS

Prefer TVS Motor  LT  SKS Micro: Dhananjay SinhaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prefer TVS Motor, L&T, SKS Micro: Dhananjay Sinha
Dhananjay Sinha, Head-Institutional Research at Emkay Global Financial Services prefers TVS Motor, L&T, SKS Micro and JK Lakshmi Cement.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Dhananjay Sinha, Head-Institutional Research at Emkay Global Financial Services told CNBC-TV18, "The midcap stocks have rallied quite a bit and it has to be very case to case. We have been looking at  TD Power within the capital good space which is a small cap company. Within the infrastructure space that is a capital goods thing and we have been liking  Larsen and Toubro (L&T) for quite sometime in a largecap space. In the infrastructure space we had been looking at Sadbhav Engineering ,  J. Kumar Infraprojects and Adani Ports .”
“Within the fast-moving consumer goods (FMCGs) names we think that the decline in commodity prices will impact positively and companies can benefit from lower commodity prices and raw material to sales ratio. So over here it is a mix of largecap and midcap, so you have Asian Paints , Berger , Colgate , Britannia ,  Pidilite and Nestle . So, these are companies which we have identified as companies that can actually benefit in the current context,” he added.
“We also believe that there can be EPS expansion for companies where the raw material sales ratio is actually high and where there is reasonable volume growth. In the auto space we like TVS Motor ,  Ashok Leyland and Hero Motocorp .”
“Within the oil and gas space we overweight on  ONGC but in the midcap space the positive implication can arise to companies such as Petronet LNG ,  Indraprastha Gas (IGL) and Gujarat Gas Company . In the banking space we continue to be sort of inclined towards private banks but within the midcaps things which are not under coverage so we are been liking Kotak Mahindra Bank ,  SKS Microfinance something that we believe can be a compounding story and Shriram Transport Finance Company is another company that we like. With in the cement space we have a  JK Lakshmi and J K Cement ,” he said.
Disclosure: Analyst doesn't hold the above stocks but have been recommending these stocks to his institutional clients.
RELATED NEWS

Rupee appreciates to 61.88 in noon tradeRupee appreciates to 61.88 in noon trade
Siemens may test Rs 1000: Rishi KohliLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Siemens may test Rs 1000: Rishi Kohli
Rishi Kohli, MD & CEO at ProAlpha Systematic Capital feels that Siemens may test Rs 1000.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Rishi Kohli, MD & CEO at ProAlpha Systematic Capital told CNBC-TV18, " Siemens is looking interesting, it is heading towards Rs 1,000 so the Rs 1,000 is a long-term resistance level. However based on the patterns it could cross it this time and if it does then you could see a very quick 20 percent flair up in that, so I would watch out for that among the larger names.”
At 13:47 hrs Siemens was quoting at Rs 952.55, up Rs 48.10, or 5.32 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 1,010 and 52-week low Rs 544.95 on 04 July, 2014 and 30 January, 2014, respectively.
Disclosure: Analyst has IFCI long in some of his client portfolios.
RELATED NEWS

IFCI may touch Rs 50  says Rishi KohliLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IFCI may touch Rs 50, says Rishi Kohli
Rishi Kohli, MD & CEO at ProAlpha Systematic Capital feels that IFCI may touch Rs 50.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Rishi Kohli, MD & CEO at ProAlpha Systematic Capital told CNBC-TV18, " IFCI is interesting where in the near term it had given some upmove but after that it consolidated well above many long-term moving averages. It has some interesting long-term pattern also on the weekly and monthly charts and therefore it is given a target of around Rs 50 with a stoploss of Rs 36. So it is a pretty good risk reward right now.”
At 13:36 hrs IFCI was quoting at Rs 39.80, up Rs 0.30, or 0.76 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 44.90 and 52-week low Rs 21.80 on 10 June, 2014 and 04 February, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Hopefully  crossing the finger :)Thanks God Rao for resolving all our problems...Now 3 digit is  certain..
1.43 PM Dec 4th  | Track

Good stock target next week 275Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Crude oil sell sell sell 50-- 100-- 500 lots              target 41...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Hong Kong student protesters consider pulling up stakesHong Kong student protesters consider pulling up stakes
Reuters
Tweet
HONG KONG, Dec 4:  
One of the main student groups leading pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong said on Thursday it is considering ending more than two months of street protests in the Chinese-controlled city.
The Hong Kong Federation of Students will decide in the next week whether to call on protesters to pull up stakes despite having failed to achieve their goal of ensuring open nominations in the election for city leader in 2017.
"Some people wish to stay until the last minute and we respect that - but we cannot occupy without meaning," federation spokeswoman Yvonne Leung told local radio. "We will decide within the next week whether to stay or retreat."
The federation is one of several groups driving the protests in the former British colony. Some members of another student group, Scholarism, have gone on hunger strike and leaders of the pro-democracy "Occupy Central" movement surrendered to police on Wednesday and called on students to retreat.
Hong Kong returned to Chinese Communist Party rule in 1997 under a "one country, two systems" formula that gives it some autonomy from the mainland and a promise of eventual universal suffrage. Beijing has allowed a free vote in 2017, but insists on screening any candidates for city leader first.
The protests at their peak drew more than 100,000 into the streets but the numbers have now dwindled to just a few hundred.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

HDFC ERGO  Deutsche Bank tie upHDFC ERGO, Deutsche Bank tie up
Our Bureau
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company and Deutsche Bank today announced their partnership to distribute non-life insurance products.
According to a release issued by the companies, HDFC ERGO will offer a bouquet of non-life insurance products like Motor Insurance, Travel Insurance, Home Insurance, Commercial Insurance Personal Accident Insurance, Critical Illness Insurance, etc. to Deutsche Bank customers.
Ritesh Kumar, Managing Director and CEO, HDFC ERGO, said, “We are happy to have Deutsche Bank as our partner to offer innovative non-life insurance products to their individual and corporate customers. This alliance is an important milestone for us as bancassurance is a key element of our growth strategy.”
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

U.S. House backs tax break crucial to wind turbine makersU.S. House backs tax break crucial to wind turbine makers
Reuters
Tweet
COPENHAGEN, Dec 4:  
The U.S. House of Representatives voted on Wednesday to renew a package of temporary tax breaks, known as the "extenders", including a wind production tax credit (PTC) crucial for turbine makers such as Denmark's Vestas.
The PTC will be extended for one year retroactively for 2014 if the Senate and President Barack Obama concur.
"People were expecting a two-year extension, so this is less than expected," Nordea analyst Patrik Setterberg said in a note to clients.
However, he said the Senate had previously argued it wanted a two-year tax package, leading him to conclude the final deal could still change.
"The outcome in the Senate and the final details of the extension, which are expected at a later stage, will decide whether it is a good or bad deal," Setterberg said, adding it was too early to estimate the potential impact on company results.
Sydbank analyst Jacob Pedersen had previously said shares in Vestas, the world's biggest wind turbine maker, could outperform the market by more than 10 per cent within a week or so if the PTC was extended.
General Electric, Siemens, Gamesa and Suzlon are also active in the U.S. wind power industry, home to almost 20 per cent of the world's installed turbines.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Japans Softbank pumps $250 mn in Uber s rival GrabTaxiJapan’s Softbank pumps $250 mn in Uber's rival GrabTaxi
PTI
Reuters SoftBank Corp's human-like robot named 'Pepper' is displayed at its branch in Tokyo
Singapore, Dec 4:  
Japanese telecom giant SoftBank will invest $250 million in Southeast Asian mobile taxi booking app GrabTaxi, the two firms said today, as rivalry in the region between US-based Uber and homegrown rivals increases.
In a statement, the pair said the deal will make Softbank the biggest investor in the Malaysia-based startup.
“This new round of funding will help drive our mission of revolutionising and improving the way Southeast Asians commute more aggressively than ever before,” Anthony Tan, GrabTaxi’s chief executive and founder, said in the statement.
GrabTaxi, which is also backed by Singapore state investment firm Temasek Holdings, operates in 17 cities across Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia and the Philippines.
Its app employs smartphone and satellite technology to match customers with registered taxis close to their location.
According to GrabTaxi, the service has the largest network of its kind in Southeast Asia, with more than 500,000 active users and 2.5 million app downloads to date. It currently has a total of 60,000 taxi drivers in its network, up fourfold from 2013, the firm said.
With the SoftBank investment, GrabTaxi has raised $340 million in the past 14 months, it added. The company was founded in 2012 by Tan, the scion of one of Malaysia’s richest families.
The fresh investment comes as Uber attempts to gain a foothold in the region despite multiple regulatory tangles and already fierce competition.
Within Southeast Asia, Uber operates in the same six markets as GrabTaxi, after entering Singapore last year. It does not release operational statistics.
Malaysian and Indonesian authorities have said Uber services that utilise private vehicles are illegal, while Thai authorities last week indicated that they are also banning the service.
Other major taxi apps in Southeast Asia include Indonesia’s Blue Bird, regional player EasyTaxi, backed by German startup incubator Rocket Internet, as well as London-based Hailo which operates in Singapore.
The apps are seen as revolutionising the taxi industry, which has long been plagued by inefficient cartels and price-gouging drivers.
Nikesh Arora, vice chairman of SoftBank, said it would support “GrabTaxi’s further expansion in the region”.
SoftBank in October announced a $627 million investment in Indian online marketplace Snapdeal. It also said in October it was jointly investing $210 million in ANI Technologies, better known as the taxi booking app Ola Cabs.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Modi wants to give coal sector in corporate hands: DigvijayModi wants to give coal sector in corporate hands: Digvijay
Press Trust of India | Ranchi Dec 04, 2014 01:20 PM IST
Senior Congress leader Digvijay Singh today said the Centre's move to privatise the coal sector would bring back the 'bitter memories' of 'exploitation' of labour force before it was nationalised by former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
"Modi says 'Make in India', but wants to hand over the coal sector in the hands of the corporate," the former Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister said.
"To stop exploitation of lakhs of labourers by the private sector, Indiraji nationalised the coal industry, benefiting the poor and the tribals. Now the Centre's effort to privatise it would again lead to the same exploitation," Singh said.
Stating that the previous Manmohan Singh regime's coal policy had been to benefit the end users, Singh claimed that handing over the sector to corporates would be burdensome to consumers as well.
"Jharkhand is a coal-rich state and Congress wants the people of the state to use it for their development," the Congress leader said.
Singh said the Modi government was out to 'change' and amend a series of Acts that the previous government enacted.
"In its 10 years of rule, the UPA government had given the people RTI, Food Security Act, Right to Education, land Act and MGNREGA, which the Modi government wants to change," he said.

End of the road for Delhi s old cars as India battles smogEnd of the road for Delhi's old cars as India battles smog
Reuters | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 12:58 PM IST
The National Green Tribunal has banned all vehicles older than 15 years from the streets of the capital, New Delhi, in a bid to clean up air that one prominent study this year found to be the world's dirtiest.
The ruling hits up to a third of the 8.4 million motorbikes, trucks, cars and auto-rickshaws that ply the traffic-choked roads of Delhi and its surrounding areas, transport officials estimate.
Cities across the world are ordering older vehicles off the road or restricting private car use to tackle growing air pollution. Mexico City introduced a ban on older vehicles driving on Saturdays this year, while in March, France briefly enforced the most drastic traffic curbs in 20 years.
"It is undisputed and in fact unquestionable that the air pollution of ... Delhi is getting worse with each passing day," the National Green Tribunal ruled in a judgment last week banning older vehicles from city streets.
Vehicular emissions are the cause of close to three-quarters of Delhi's air pollution, the Delhi government estimates, and a World Health Organization study of 1,600 cities released in May found India's capital had the world's dirtiest air. India rejected the report.
The ban in Delhi lacks incentives to encourage drivers to trade in their older vehicles but eventually could boost sales for carmakers like Maruti Suzuki India and Tata Motors, as the capital accounts for 17% of India's new car sales, said IHS automotive analyst Puneet Gupta.
In Russia, sales of the Lada car have grown thanks in part to a state scheme that provides cash incentives to buy new cars if people sell their old ones for scrap.
Critics of the Delhi ruling say it is largely unenforceable, and will do little to tackle pollution in a city where 1,500 new vehicles roll onto the roads every day.
"Polluting vehicles occur in all different vintages, not just older cars," said Anumita Roychowdhury at the Delhi-based Centre for Science and Environment.
She said authorities should introduce testing of vehicles for pollution levels, and raise taxes on more polluting vehicles to discourage their use.
"You really need to scale up public transport and you need to reduce the overall volume of vehicles on the road," she said.

Europe stocks at cyclical high ahead of ECBEuro rallies after ECB keeps powder dry
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/14ed1f00-7b5f-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Living in Mumbai See How Many Years It Would Take to Buy PropertyYou are here: Home Industries
Living in Mumbai? See How Many Years It Would Take to Buy a Property
NDTV | Written By: Devika Singh | Updated On: November 29, 2014 16:19 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
Mumbai is the costliest city in the country to buy a property. Now, a report has quantified how tough it is to buy a home in the country's financial capital.
According to a report by personal finance portal Arthyantra, property prices in Mumbai have gone up by as much as 50 per cent over the last three years. That means it will take a mid-income professional (with a salary of Rs 8 lakh) 13 years to accumulate enough money for paying the down payment for buying a property in Mumbai, the report says.
Down payment is the margin money for a loan and for home loans it varies from 15-20 per cent of the property price. To calculate the time required to accumulate the down payment, Arthayantra assumed a savings rate of 25 per cent of income and salary hike of 10 per cent per year.
According to the report, Mumbai remains the city with the highest residential real estate prices followed by Delhi. It estimates average property price of 1000 sq feet in Mumbai to be about Rs 1.6 crore, while in Delhi to be Rs. 1.1 crore.
According to Arthayantra, those who earn less than Rs 25 lakh per annum should not buy a property in Mumbai.
The report termed 'Buy vs Rent' also analysed real estate markets across eight major Indian cities on parameters like price of residential properties, rental value and years required to accumulate the corpus for down payment.
Here are the findings (based on annual income of Rs 8 lakh):
1. It would take 10 years to accumulate enough money to fund the down payment on a property in Delhi and the National Capital Region. Like in Mumbai, those with incomes of less than Rs 25 lakh should rent a property.
2. It would take a person 6.5 years to save for down payment in Chennai. Those with income of Rs 20 lakh or above should buy a property in the city.
3. Time for accumulating down payment is just 5.8 years in Bengaluru. Those with income of more than 15 lakh per annum can buy a property in the city.
4. It would take 5.6 years to save for down payment in Pune.
5. In Kolkata, those earning Rs 12 lakh per annum can buy a home. It would take just 4.8 years to save for down payment here.
As per the report, average property price for 1000 sq feet in Kolkata is Rs. 49.9 lakh, in Pune Rs 59.4 lakh and in Chennai Rs 69.5 lakh.
Story first published on: November 29, 2014 15:31 (IST)

Online Sales Spike on a Less Chaotic Black FridayYou are here: Home Industries
Online Sales Spike on a Less Chaotic Black Friday
Agence France Presse | Updated On: November 30, 2014 20:26 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
Washington: The top US shopping holiday saw a surge this year in online sales with smaller crowds in stores - but Black Friday still brought some of its trademark shopping mall pandemonium.
Businesses usually offer deep discounts starting early Friday morning, prompting massive crowds that have led to numerous injuries and a number of deaths in past years.
This year, businesses continued a trend in starting shopping deals earlier and extending them longer, leading to smaller crowds.
But many major retailers, including discount megastore Walmart, also emphasised online shopping as a way to get consumers purchasing faster.
An early report from commercial analyst ChannelAdvisor Corp showed up to a 22 per cent increase in Black Friday online shopping compared to last year.
The firm also reported a 20 per cent increase in online sales on Thanksgiving day.
For the first time, the majority of online sales came from mobile devices, a report by IBM said.
"Online shopping started while turkeys were still in the oven and yesterday was our second-highest online sales day ever - topped only by Cyber Monday last year," top Walmart executive Laura Phillips said on Friday.
Sales data from the National Retail Federation was expected on Sunday. Last year's figures showed $57.4 billion in total sales over the Black Friday weekend, a drop of 2.7 per cent from 2012.
The largest day of online sales typically comes on the Monday following Black Friday, when stores offer a number of online-only discounts.
Shorter lines, less frenzy
In United States shopping malls, there were shorter lines and fewer packs of frenzied shoppers on Thursday night and Friday, US media reported.
Still, several people were injured and three were arrested after a shopping fight early Friday morning at a department store in southern California, reports said.
In the west coast city of Seattle, protesters chained a mall's doors closed, and in California's San Francisco, hundreds rallied and a police officer was injured by a bottle thrown at a police car, local media reported Friday.
Retailers have been buoyed by predictions that a drop in gas prices and higher consumer confidence could lead to higher sales overall this year.
The start of the US holiday shopping season has slowly been broken up into a number of shopping days including "Gray Thursday", "Black Friday", Small Business Saturday", and "Cyber Monday" to prompt December sales.
US President Barack Obama made a surprise visit on Saturday morning to a landmark Washington bookstore to support small businesses.
Story first published on: November 30, 2014 20:03 (IST)

Global Economy: QE or No QE Spotlight on ECB as Inflation DipsChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
Paris: The European Central Bank's monthly rate meeting will focus minds this week on the debate over quantitative easing in the euro zone, as a series of data releases on both sides of the Atlantic sheds more light on European woes and US strength.
Final purchasing manager indices for Europe and the United States, US monthly jobs data and the ECB's updated forecasts will all provide clues to assessing the relative health of both regions.
The ECB staff inflation and growth estimates for the 18-nation single currency union are much awaited after data showed on Friday that inflation in the bloc was back to a five-year low, putting more pressure on the bank to take action.
Particular attention will be paid to internal debate within the ECB over quantitative easing and to ECB chief Mario Draghi's comments on the data at his monthly news conference on Thursday, after his pledge to act to lift "excessively low" inflation.
The ECB is expected to leave key rates unchanged and wait for next year to decide whether to take the leap to government bond-buying.
A decision on QE may come as early as the first quarter, Vice President Vitor Constancio said last week. But arch-hawk German ECB policymaker Jens Weidmann responded that there were "legal limits" on printing money to buy government bonds.
"The ECB's communication has not always been crystal clear this year, but overall it has moved steadily towards a more dovish stance despite internal tensions within the Governing Council," French bank Credit Agricole wrote in a note.
"We expect no sovereign QE announcement at the December 4 meeting but a more formal, albeit conditional commitment to broader asset purchases."
Jobs and oil
Friday's monthly US job figures will be the key data in the United States. Non-farm payrolls are expected to show an increase of 228,000 in November, according to a Reuters poll.
The unemployment rate fell to a six-year low in October, underscoring the economy's resilience in the face of slowing global demand. Wage growth remained tepid, though, suggesting little need for the Federal Reserve to hurry to start lifting interest rates.
On Thursday, the Bank of England looks set to keep interest rates on hold at a record low 0.5 per cent - that's the unanimous expectation of analysts polled by Reuters. The day before that, Finance Minister George Osborne will deliver his Autumn budget update to parliament.
The first hike in British interest rates is expected to come in the third quarter of 2015, six months later than previously thought, owing to low inflation, sluggish pay growth and a weak euro zone economy, a Reuters poll showed.
Final purchasing managers indices are published after flash estimates came in lower than expected for the euro zone. New orders fell for the first time in more than a year.
The US flash PMI showed a fifth consecutive monthly slowing in growth in services, although the pace of expansion remained robust by historical standards.
In China, the official manufacturing purchasing managers' index is likely to show on Monday that manufacturing slowed slightly in November as demand remained sluggish, a Reuters poll showed.
However China's central bank will wait until fourth-quarter economic data is out and monitor US and Japanese monetary policy before considering any more rate cuts or easing, a central bank adviser said on Tuesday.
Falling oil prices will be another point of focus, after producer group OPEC decided not to cut crude production last week despite global oversupply.
Besides adding to Mr Draghi's headaches as it pushes inflation in Europe even lower, the fall in oil prices is also hurting the economies, currencies and financial markets of many producer countries.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Smartphone mkt grows by 27% during festive seasonSmartphone market grows by 27 per cent during festive season
IANS     Kolkata   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 08:59 IST
Photo: Reuters
The festive season has pushed the country's smartphone market with a quarter-on-quarter growth of 27 per cent in Q3 2014 to propel it as the largest growing smartphone market in the APAC region.
According to the International Data Corporation (IDC), the overall mobile market stood at 72.5 million units in Q3 2014, registering a 15 per cent quarter-on-quarter growth and a 9 per cent year-on-year growth.
"With 44 million units shipped in CY 2013 and the current market scenario hinting at 80 million plus shipments in CY 2014, we have a big chunk of end-user market which is awaiting refresh. To add to this, new initiatives on the 4G front are expected to be rolled out, which should spark up demand in the smartphone market in CY 2015," said Karan Thakkar, senior market analyst, IDC India.
However, phablets are hitting a stagnancy which has been one of the key reasons for consumers opting for smartphones, the IDC said.
"With 6 per cent of the overall smartphone market, phablets are observed to be hitting a plateau. Smartphones are seen as the sweet spot for consumer preference. However, consumers need larger screen sizes to enjoy media content and with the 4G rollout expected in CY 2015, we expect the phablets segment to pick up again," said Kiran Kumar, research manager, client devices, IDC India.
Interestingly, Micromax is fast crawling up to challenge Samsung , the market leader. Market share for Micromax stood at 20 per cent in Q3, up by two per cent from the previous quarter while Samsung's market share is 24 per cent.
The Q3 results reveal the second consecutive quarter of over 80 per cent year-on-year shipment growth for smartphones, reflecting robust end-user demand for the category in the devices market in India.
The share of smartphones in the overall mobile phone market stood at 32 per cent in Q3 2014, which is a considerable increase over 19 per cent in the same period a year ago.
According to the Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan) Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker, vendors shipped a total of 23.3 million smartphones in Q3 2014 compared to 12.8 million units in the same period of CY 2013.

Amazon Rolls Out Kiva Robots for Holiday Season OnslaughtYou are here: Home Corporates
Amazon Rolls Out Kiva Robots for Holiday Season Onslaught
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 01, 2014 15:47 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Tracy, California: Amazon.com Inc has installed more than 15,000 robots across 10 U.S. warehouses, a move that promises to cut operating costs by one-fifth and get packages out the door more quickly in the run-up to Christmas.
The orange 320-pound (145 kg) robots, which scoot around the floor on wheels, show how Amazon has adopted technology developed by Kiva Systems, a robotics company it bought for $775 million in 2012. Amazon showcased to media on Sunday ahead of Cyber Monday, the biggest online shopping day of the year.
The robots are designed to help the leading US online retailer speed the time it takes to deliver items to customers and better compete with brick-and-mortar stores, where the bulk of Americans still do their shopping.
The robots also may help Amazon avoid the mishaps of last year's holiday season, when a surge of packages overwhelmed shipping and logistics company UPS and delayed the arrival of Christmas presents around the globe. Amazon offered shipping refunds and $20 gift cards to compensate customers.
Amazon deployed the robots this summer, ahead of the key holiday quarter, when the company typically books about one-third of its annual revenue. The updated warehouses are in five states -- California, Texas, Florida, New Jersey and Washington.
The move comes at a cost. Amazon estimated in June 2013 that it would spend about $46 million to install Kiva robots at its warehouse in Ruskin, Florida, including $26.1 million for the equipment, according to company filings to local government.
The Kiva robots have allowed Amazon to hold about 50 per cent more items and shorten the time it takes to offer same-day delivery in several areas, said Dave Clark, senior vice president of worldwide operations and customer services.
At Amazon's warehouse in Tracy, California, workers stack goods in shelves carried by more than 1,500 Kiva robots, which use markings on the floor to navigate and form a "big block of inventory," Clark said.
Squeezing the racks of items closely together eliminates the need for workers to navigate aisles to collect items ordered by consumers. Now, a worker calls for specific items and the robot steers itself to their particular work station. Each robot can carry as much as 720 pounds.
In some cases, the robots have allowed Amazon to get packages out the door in as little as 13 minutes from the pick stations, compared to about an hour and a half on average in older centres.
"It's certainly proving out that it's justified itself," Clark said of the Kiva acquisition. "We're happy with the economics of it."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Factory Activity Growth Slows in Asia  Europe  US in NovemberYou are here: Home Economy
Factory Activity Growth Slows in Asia, Europe, US in November
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 00:30 (IST)
China December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
London/Sydney/New York: Manufacturing growth across Asia, Europe and the Americas eased in November as heavy price cutting failed to revive demand, surveys showed on Monday, providing more evidence that a feeble global economic recovery may be grinding to a halt.
Worryingly for policymakers at the European Central Bank (ECB), who are struggling to bolster growth and drive up dangerously low inflation, factory activity declined in the euro zone's three biggest economies: Germany, France and Italy.
"The concern is the ongoing lack of any real growth in the euro zone. We are dealing with very low price pressures, and when that comes with weak growth, like in the euro zone, it raises concerns," TD Securities' head of global strategy, Richard Kelly, said.
Data vendor Markit said its final November manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for the euro zone was 50.1, its lowest reading since June 2013, despite price cutting made possible by tumbling input costs.
That is barely above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction and, in a sign that there is little prospect of improvement in December, new orders declined for a third month.
The growth slowdown comes despite factories cutting prices at the fastest pace since mid-2013 although neither factor will likely push the ECB into loosening monetary policy further when it meets on Thursday, according to a Reuters poll.
Annual euro zone inflation fell to 0.3 per cent in November, firmly in the ECB's deflation "danger zone", and as oil prices sank to its lowest in over five years on Monday with the industrial bellwether copper not far behind, there are few reasons to expect any meaningful pick-up.
Both US crude oil and Brent have now fallen for five straight months, the longest losing streak since the 2008 financial crisis and the rout has spread to gold and silver prices while the US dollar rose to seven-year peaks against the yen.
However, British manufacturing activity unexpectedly picked up a little speed as domestic demand offset falling exports from Europe and emerging markets.
Asian clouds
Monday's gloomy news began in Asia with China's HSBC/Markit PMI touching a six-month trough of 50.0. The official version was scarcely better, slipping to 50.3 in November from October's 50.8.
"This is the lowest reading since March and highlights downward pressure on China's growth in the manufacturing sector," Credit Agricole economist Dariusz Kowalczyk said.
China's troubles were felt broadly across the region, with South Korea reporting exports to Asia's economic powerhouse falling for the first time in three months, while its measure of manufacturing activity stayed stuck in contractionary territory.
In Indonesia, the PMI was at its lowest since the survey began in April 2011, while in Japan, the Markit/JMMA version of the PMI eased. Japan's economy slipped into recession in the third quarter as the impact of a hike in sales taxes lingered longer than anyone expected.
Still, the extent of the contraction may have been overstated given figures out on Monday showed business investment was stronger than thought.
India was a rare bright spot, as it has been for a few months now, with its PMI climbing to a 21-month high last month.
Americas slow also
The US manufacturing sector slowed in November to its lowest rate of growth since January, according to Markit, with the final November PMI falling to 54.8 from October's final reading of 55.9.
"Although still reasonably strong, the pace of growth has slowed for three successive months, taking it down to the slowest since January, when business was hit by extreme weather arising from the polar vortex," said Chris Williamson, chief economist at Markit.
An alternative index from the US Institute of Supply Management (ISM) fell to 58.7 from 59 the month before.
In Canada, the pace of growth in manufacturing held steady in November, matching an 11-month high from October, as exports jumped to their highest level in over a year, according to Markit. The Markit/RBC Canadian Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' index (PMI) was at a seasonally adjusted 55.3 last month.
Brazilian manufacturing activity shrank in November for the seventh time in eight months, with the Markit/HSBC PMI dropping to 48.7 in November from 49.1 in October.
Brazil's economy grew just 0.1 per cent in the third quarter from the second, government data showed Friday, while annual inflation currently runs at 6.59 per cent, above the central bank's tolerance range.
However in Mexico the Markit/HSBC Mexico Manufacturing PMI Purchasing Managers' Index rose to 54.3 in November from 53.3 in October, marking its best showing since January 2013.
Globally manufacturing activity expanded at its weakest pace in over a year in November as new orders rose at their slowest rate since July 2013, according to the JPMorgan's Global Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), produced with Markit, which fell to 51.8 in November from October's 52.2.
That was the lowest reading since September 2013 but it has now come in above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction for two years.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Neil deGrasse Tyson On 35 Ways Times Have Changedreddit
Neil deGrasse Tyson's Twitter account took a nostalgic turn last Friday, when the 56-year-old astrophysicist posted a series of tweets with the hashtag #WhenIWasYourAge in which he reflected on how things have changed since his childhood.
"I’m feeling pensive and reflective of years gone by," Tyson wrote on Twitter before posting the tweets . "If you’ll indulge me, I’d like to share some of these observations."
Check out all of Tyson's 35 #WhenIWasYourAge tweets below.
#WhenIWasYourAge : None of my toothpaste tubes could stand up on their caps.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : Anything wrapped in plastic was easy to open.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : Pluto was a planet, but those "in the know" all knew its days were numbered.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : It took a whole hour to bake a potato.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : It took a week to learn whether your photos came out okay.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : We had to open all doors by ourselves. None of them knew we were coming.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : Being "all thumbs" meant you were clumsy. Today it means you’re good at texting.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : You had to actually get off your butt, and approach the TV to change the channel.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : There were hardly any one-way streets.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : People were skinnier.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : Your expected age of death was much closer to your age of retirement.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : We went to the Moon -- nine times. Today, in low Earth-Orbit, we boldly go where hundreds have gone before.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : The meat in a fast-food Hamburger was as large as the Bun itself.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : You knew where & when the constellations could be found in the sky by using your “Brain App”.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : My car got seven miles per gallon. With a tail-wind.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : We used large Maps made of paper, and none of us could ever re-fold them back the way they came.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : When you fell off the monkey-bars in the playground you landed on cement.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : The average Watermelon had a Billion seeds in it.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : Before Xerox copiers, we all got high in elementary school by smelling mimeograph ink.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : Earth's daily rotation was about a half a millisecond faster than today.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : On average, the Moon was about 1.5 meters closer to Earth than it is today.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : We made phone calls in Phone Booths, which is also where Superman occasionally changed his clothes.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : Your home telephone could drop to the floor thousands of times and never break.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : No matter what they contained, Bottles were not squeezable.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : Airplanes were so loud, you had to pause your conversation whenever one flew overhead.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : People were never "living with their disease". We cured them. Or they died from it.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : Exhaust from City buses billowed at the perfect height for everybody nearby to inhale it.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : PaulSimon wrote this pre-GlobalWarming lyric "The autumn winds blow chilly & cold, September I'll remember”
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : We actually used a sheet of paper laced with carbon to make a carbon copy — “the cc:" -- of a Letter.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : There were ten known asteroids with orbits crossing Earth's. Now, we know more than ten-thousand.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : There was hardly any transparent plastic.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : You needed a can opener to open a can of beer. And you’d put two holes in it. The second, for air flow.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : Looking up somebody's number in the Phone Book was only one of a dozen household uses for it.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : The Soviet KGB would’ve killed for the surveillance & checkpoint measures that are common in the USA today
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
#WhenIWasYourAge : Religion was taught in Sunday School, not in your Science Classroom.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 28, 2014
Also on HuffPost:

IMF Says Lower Oil Prices Positive for Global EconomyYou are here: Home Global Economy
IMF Says Lower Oil Prices Positive for Global Economy
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 16:47 (IST)
Fed Faces Big Decision Over a Few Choice Words
Washington: Falling oil prices are positive for the global economy as a whole, though they may hurt individual commodity exporters, IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said on Monday.
"Assuming we have a 30 per cent decline (in oil prices), it's likely to be an additional 0.8 per cent (in economic growth) for most advanced economies, because all of them are importers of oil," Lagarde said, mentioning the United States, Europe, Japan and China in particular.
World oil prices are down 40 per cent since June, largely on abundant supply. OPEC also declined last week to cut production to bolster prices, sending Brent crude prices to a five-year low this week.
But Lagarde warned falling crude prices were hitting some oil exporters particularly hard, especially Russia, Iran, Venezuela and Nigeria, leaving their economies vulnerable.
"All countries that will be affected significantly by the decline in the oil price, which are producers of oil, I think should be under watch," Lagarde said at a Wall Street Journal conference. "Venezuela is clearly one ... where it could be difficult."
The South American member of OPEC derives 96 per cent of its export revenues from oil, so the drop in prices has hit exacerbated a national economic decline, a foreign currency shortage and a scarcity of basic goods.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Fed Welcomes Energy Drop  Shrugs off Disinflation ThreatYou are here: Home Global Economy
Fed Welcomes Energy Drop, Shrugs off Disinflation Threat
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 08:11 (IST)
Fed Faces Big Decision Over a Few Choice Words
New York: The Federal Reserve is welcoming the sharp drop in global energy prices, with two influential policymakers on Monday cheering the boost it should provide American pocketbooks and shrugging off any pressure on already low inflation.
Soft oil prices in particular, which hit a five-year low on Friday, will only temporarily dampen overall US prices, Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer and New York Fed President William Dudley said at separate events. The pair painted a mostly rosy outlook for the world's largest economy, suggesting the central bank is not letting energy markets distract it from lifting rates sometime next year.
"The lower inflation that we'll get from the lower price of oil is going to be temporary," Fischer said at the Council on Foreign Relations. "I wouldn't worry about that very much because that period of negative, low inflation is actually happening as a result of a phenomenon that's making everyone better off, and furthermore likely to increase GDP rather than reduce it."
Dudley, who like Fischer is a close ally of Fed Chair Janet Yellen, said the oil rout was a positive for the economy because much of the extra money will be "spent, not saved" by Americans. The global price drop will also encourage more monetary easing by other central banks, spurring global growth, he said.
If the oil price drop were to "intensify and persist, this would have negative implications for oil and gas investment" in the United States, he added. "Nevertheless, there are several reasons why I don't think this risk should be overstated, especially if oil prices stabilize around current levels."
Crude markets rebounded on Monday but have fallen the last five straight months, the longest losing streak since the crisis that brought on the deep recession. Measures of inflation, which have lingered below the Fed's 2 per cent target for more than three years, have recently softened, raising questions over the timing of policy tightening.
"I remain confident, despite the recent softening, that inflation will begin to move up towards our 2 per cent objective next year," Dudley said at Baruch College. In a television interview later, he downplayed worries over leverage in oil and gas exploration.
Elsewhere in New York, Fischer said the United States may be on the verge of a long-awaited jump in wages that could signal the labor market has begun to heal more fully. "I think that has a significant chance of being about to happen," he said.
US wages have stagnated despite falling unemployment and decent gross domestic product (GDP) growth, so the Fed is only cautiously preparing to raise rates. It halted a bond-buying program in October.
Dudley, who repeated it is reasonable to expect a rate hike in mid-2015, said the Fed will not just tighten policy based on how the economy is faring but also on how well financial markets respond to the eventual hikes. More aggressive rate rises will be needed if financial markets do not react as expected, and vice versa, he said.
Elsewhere, the dovish head of the Minneapolis Fed, Narayana Kocherlakota, in a paper called on the central bank to rewrite its 2 per cent inflation goal to reflect the view that below-target inflation is just as costly as above-target inflation.
Asked about raising that target, Fischer rejected the idea.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Boeing compensated Air India for grounding of Dreamliner: Govt'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Air India has been compensated by the US aircraft manufacturer Boeing for prolonged grounding of Dreamliner aircraft, Rajya Sabha was informed today.
“For prolonged grounding of Dreamliners, Air India has received compensation from Boeing on mutually acceptable terms,” Minister of State for Civil Aviation Mahesh Sharma said.
Replying to a question on technical snags in Air India’s Boeing 787 Dreamliner fleet, he said there were 238 instances of delays of Boeing 787 flights which had occurred till November 18 this year.
The snags related to software glitches and other issues like windshield cracks, valve failures, oil loss and failure of traffic collision avoidance system, he said.
“The snags resulted in delays which caused financial outgo,” Sharma said.
The number of overall flights cancelled and delayed between August and October this year were 771 and 9,836 respectively, he said.
To another question, the Minister said Air India’s losses were on the decline from Rs 7559.74 crore in 2011-12 to Rs 5490.16 crore in 2012-13 and Rs 5388.82 crore in 2013-14.
To a question on near miss incidents, he said the number of such incidents was 29 in 2011, 18 in 2012, 23 in 2013 and 28 this year so far.
TAGS: Air India Boeing
More from companies
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Russia Warns Of Recession In 2015Russia Warns Of Recession In 2015 Amid Sanctions And Low Oil Prices
 |  By                                                                      NATALIYA VASILYEVA
reddit
MOSCOW (AP) — The Russian government has acknowledged that the country will fall into recession next year, battered by the combination of Western sanctions and a plunge in the price of its oil exports.
The news caused the stock market to drop and pushed the ruble to a fresh record low against the dollar.
The economic development ministry on Tuesday revised its GDP forecast for 2015 from growth of 1.2 percent to a drop of 0.8 percent. Russian households are expected to take hit, with disposable income seen declining by 2.8 percent against the previously expected 0.4 percent growth.
Russia's economic outlook is at the mercy of the global market for oil, a key export that finances the bulk of the state budget. Sanctions over Moscow's role in eastern Ukraine are making things worse, hurting Russian banks and investment sentiment in particular.
The national currency, the ruble, has dropped by more than 40 percent this year as the economic troubles mounted. That in turn risks spawning more problems, such as a spike in inflation that would pinch consumers.
While Russia's troubles could do some economic damage to Europe, they are unlikely to have much impact on the U.S. economy, the world's largest. Russia is the 28th-biggest market for the United States, absorbing $11.1 billion worth of U.S. goods last year.
"Russia-U.S. trade is hardly large," said Eric Lascelles, chief economist at RBC Global Asset Management. "I don't think we should be worried" about the impact of a Russian recession on U.S. exports.
In fact, the U.S. is benefiting from the lower oil prices that are driving Russian toward recession, and the money being pulled out of Russia is being pumped into U.S. and European financial markets, helping to keep interest rates low, Lascelles said.
Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, agreed, saying: "I don't think there's any direct economic impact" on the United States. However, he noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin could respond to the economic troubles by trying to divert the Russian public's attention with even more belligerent policies toward Ukraine and the West, raising tensions and perhaps rattling financial markets.
The release of the forecast on Tuesday afternoon weighed on the Russian stock market and the ruble, which fell 5.4 percent lower against the dollar, to a new all-time low of 53.97 per dollar.
Finance Minister Anton Siluanov attempted to talk up the ruble, arguing that the new forecast for Russia's economy is too gloomy. He told Russian news agency it is only "an early estimate and it is still being discussed."
Siluanov said the ruble is oversold and its current exchange rate would correlate to the oil price of $60 per barrel. The global price of oil, Brent, traded around $70 a barrel on Tuesday.
Russia's economic stability is important for the region. It is a major trading partner for Western Europe, selling raw materials and oil and gas to the West and importing consumer goods and foodstuffs. European agricultural producers reported big losses following the Kremlin's ban on some imports. A weaker economy and a weaker ruble would also mean that fewer Russians will be traveling abroad and spending their money there.
Russia's public finances may withstand some short-term turmoil — the government has a solid balance sheet, extremely low sovereign debt and sizeable reserves in foreign currencies. The economy could also improve if oil prices rebound. But the broader uncertainty over the economy created by the market volatility and sanctions is likely to weigh on the outlook.
"The real damage from the collapsing ruble and oil price is to investment and growth," said Chris Weafer, senior partner at Moscow-based Macro-Advisory, said in a note to investors.
"Russia is a non-investible country for all but the bravest of hedge fund investors right now, and will remain in this category until both the ruble and oil stabilize at minimum."
The expected rise in inflation will also hurt consumer confidence and business activity, Weafer said.
___
AP correspondent Paul Wiseman contributed from Washington.
More:

Vijay Mallya  Saroj Poddar working on restructuring of MCF board'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Zuari Group chief Saroj Poddar and UB Group chairman Vijay Mallya are at present working on to finalise the restructuring of the board of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers (MCF), and representatives from Zuari are likely to join the board soon.
It was yet to be finalised that how many representatives of Zuari would be on the MCF board. Mallya’s friend Poddar is, however, not joining the board at the moment.
“Zuari representatives will join the MCF board. Mallya will take a call on how many of our people will join the board,” a source from Zuari told FE.
“Although Mallya has resigned from the board, our pact with him will continue. Work is on to finalise the restructuring of the board of MCF. It will be finalised in a few days,” he said.
In a surprise move, Mallya has resigned as director of MCF, which was considered one of the last crown jewels of the liquor baron. The Bengaluru-based chemical fertiliser manufacturer did not cite any reason for his resignation.
The person quoted earlier, however, said the liquor baron stepped down from the board for the “best interest of MCF”. “It was his own decision because the way people were pounding on him,” he pointed out.
Mallya was under pressure to step down due to ongoing “wilful defaulter” proceedings initiated by lenders. Kolkata-headquartered United Bank of India had declared the UB Group chairman a ‘wilful defaulter’ while other lenders like State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank have issued show-cause notices, asking why they shouldn’t follow United Bank’s lead.
Although Mallya has obtained a stay from the Calcutta High Court on United Bank declaring him a wilful defaulter, UB Group’s parent company United Breweries Holdings is contesting several winding-up petitions in the Karnataka High Court and lenders have been selling pledged shares.
Analysts say Mallya’s resignation could help MCF raise working capital from the banks, when necessary, without any difficulty. They also observe that after quitting from the board, Mallya is likely to depend on his ally and friend Poddar to manage the fertiliser manufacturer, which is in the midst of an intense takeover battle.
Sources from Zuari also said Adventz Group chairman Poddar’s agreement with Mallya would still continue. According to the agreement between them during the counter-offer to Deepak Fertilizer’s open offer, the two groups will jointly control MCF and Mallya will have the right to appoint three directors on the board.
Mallya and Poddar are pitted against Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers in a takeover battle for MCF. Mallya had team up with Poddar to launch a counter bid against Deepak Fertilisers’ hostile bid to acquire a controlling interest in MCF.
Upon the conclusion of their respective open offers last month, Deepak Fertilisers has a 32% stake in the company, and Mallya and Poddar jointly own 38.4%. Mallya and Poddar have been able to retain control of MCF for the time being.
TAGS: Saroj Poddar Vijay Mallya
More from companies
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

To gain upper hand  Amazon disrupts itself'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Sometime last summer, a quarter-billion dollars went missing at Amazon. Analysts were expecting the usual gangbusters third quarter. But it was about $250 million short of forecasts.
Here is one way to look at the disappointing results: Amazon, for all its heft, is starting to lose momentum. It was rejected by some customers who were put off by its acrimonious dispute with the publisher Hachette over e-books, while others found its prices less compelling than they once were.
But few things about the retailer are ever clear-cut, so here is another interpretation: Amazon is intentionally cannibalising some major product lines — offering free or nearly free music, video and e-books — to draw tens of millions of people into its ecosystem.
Far from being weak, Amazon in this view is so strong that it is disrupting not only other retailers but also itself, knowingly and eagerly, as it seeks to leverage its powerful e-commerce operation to become a retail and entertainment colossus. It wants to sell devices, entertainment and services as well as basics like milk and toilet paper.
“Everything you buy, starting with your weekly groceries, will be flowing through one pipe called Amazon,” said Scott Galloway, a professor of marketing at New York University’s Stern School of Business. “They’ll have your credit card purchase history, be able to do data-mining on your needs, offer massive selection with a reputation for low prices.”
Building that pipe requires nimble execution and vast investments. Amazon said on Monday that it would be raising a significant but unstated amount of money through a debt offering, which caused Moody’s Investors Services to cut its outlook to negative from stable. Amazon secured a $2-billion line of credit in September.
In its 20th year, Amazon’s losses are increasing. Critics say the company is too ambitious. Admirers believe it will dominate in a way no company ever has.
“I don’t think they want to own a piece of retail,” Galloway said. “They want to own all of it.”
But the risks are great. Amazon needs to be aggressive, but that behaviour can backfire. Some analysts said Amazon took in less revenue than expected in the third quarter, at least in part because some customers were turned off by its confrontation with Hachette. If one category —
North American media sales, which means books, DVDs and CDs — had performed the way it usually did, Amazon would have made that $250 million.
Michelle Hamilton, a recently retired Southern California marketing executive, is one of those disenchanted customers.
Her family of four has ordered 923 times from Amazon since 2001, at a pace that was rapidly accelerating until recently. Last year, they placed 167 orders — nearly every other day. They bought their books at independent stores, but otherwise used Amazon for items like music and a hard-to-find dishwasher salt, Somat.
Amazon’s dispute with Hachette surprised and disappointed Hamilton, 56. She wrote a letter of complaint to Amazon’s chief executive, Jeff Bezos, but never heard back, which disappointed her more. “Why wouldn’t he be interested in constructive criticism from customers who would like to love Amazon again?” she asked.
An Amazon spokeswoman declined to comment about why Bezos declined to respond to those who wrote to him about Hachette.
Amazon rapidly went from Hamilton’s first stop to the last. She calculated that her family’s spending last summer with the retailer fell 61% from last year.
Before the third quarter, North American media sales were increasing an average of 15% year over year. The latest increase was less than 5%, which made it the slowest quarterly growth for the category in five years.
When Amazon reported its latest financials, it gave two explanations for the slowdown in media growth: Customers were renting textbooks instead of buying them, and there were difficult comparisons with the third quarter of 2013, which featured heavy discounting.
If Amazon means that prices are now higher than they were, that is something Brian Rosenwald knows all about.
A doctoral candidate in American history at the University of Virginia who needs to stretch his entertainment dollars, Rosenwald likes to buy hardcover mysteries so he can pass them on to his father. He has noticed his Amazon discount shrinking. Two years ago he paid $14.01 for the new volume by John Sandford in his Prey series. This year’s volume was released in the spring with a publisher’s list price of $1 more than the earlier volume. It never got lower than $17.32.
So Rosenwald is cutting back. Last year, he bought 17 printed novels from Amazon. So far this year he has bought three. “I’m shifting to buying more very lower-dollar digital items instead of more expensive physical items,” he said. “Even then, I’m almost entirely buying during sales.”
If customers think of Amazon less in terms of individual products and more as a bundle of goods and services, then price shifts are less relevant.
And the company is constantly working to augment that bundle. For several years, it has offered members of its Prime shipping service free video streaming. It has been spending heavily to add original programming. During the summer, Amazon introduced a Prime music service and, for a monthly fee, a book subscription service.
While Amazon does not give numbers of Prime subscribers, most analysts think those numbers have been increasing rapidly from a base of 20 million. The Prime subscribers, who pay $99 a year for two-day shipping and all of the media, are the most enthusiastic Amazon customers. Set against that opportunity, what is a few missing media sales?
“In essence it appears they’re mortgaging one smaller business” — media sales — “to drive the much bigger, longer-term business opportunity of overall retail leadership,” said Peter Hildick-Smith of the Codex Group, a book industry research firm.
That, he added, has risks for content creators, which might be one reason the traditional publishing industry was on edge during the stand-off with Hachette.
“If books, video and music continue to be relegated to a ‘free’ commodity for all Prime customers to enjoy, does this then ultimately devalue each of these content markets, in the process marginalising their producers’ business models?” Hildick-Smith asked.
Galloway, who also runs an e-commerce consulting firm, L2, argues that the future belongs to multichannel merchants — those who let customers order online and pick up in a physical location, or who ship online and allow for returns in a physical location, or who allow browsing in a store but ship to a home.
“Stores may have found the vulnerable soft tissue of Amazon: Its lack of stores,” Galloway said. “This is the revenge of the brick.”
He says he believes that within the next 12 months Amazon will be opening hundreds of “dark” stores, which are places where people can pick up things, or make a “transformative acquisition” along the lines of Best Buy or Radio Shack.
But people are not going to be getting their stuff from an Amazon store in Midtown Manhattan this holiday season. A spokeswoman said in a statement that the 470,000-square-foot building was “primarily” corporate office space, and that the ground floor retail shops would be subleased.
As so often regarding Amazon, speculation outran reality.
TAGS: Amazon
More from industry
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Qataris leading race for $900 million Pepe Jeans buyout'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
The Qatari royal family is leading the race to buy the Spanish fashion brand Pepe Jeans as buyout funds struggle to match the sellers’ price expectation of at least 700 million euros, several sources close to the auction process said.
The clothing retailer, which is also selling its menswear brand Hackett, expects binding offers in around three weeks, one of the sources said.
Mayhoola for Investments SPC, an investment vehicle with close ties to Sheikha Mozah, the second wife of the former emir, is the financial vehicle that the Qatari royal family is using to place its offer. In 2012 Mayhoola purchased the iconic Italian fashion house Valentino from Permira for about 700 million euros.
“The Qataris are well positioned in the race for Pepe as they’re the only bidder willing to pay a big cheque,” the source said.
Pepe’s advisor Morgan Stanley received indicative offers in October from  a series of financial investors including Permira, KKR, PAI, and Cinven, a second source said. The highest bid came in at 730 million euros ($912 million), the source said.
Pepe, known for its denim and casual wear collections, is majority held by private equity firms Torreal, Arta Capital and L Capital. The management team has a 30 percent stake.
The luxury goods industry has entered a lower growth cycle mainly because of economic weakness in Europe and the slowdown in some international markets including China and most recently Russia, where international sanctions have forced the rouble into freefall.
“Traditional investors are finding Pepe too expensive and are struggling on many fronts,” another source said, pointing to rising costs to fund deals on the European debt market.
Mayhoola is building up a portfolio of high-end brands in Europe. Earlier this year it bought the majority of Forall Confezioni, which produces the Italian luxury menswear brand Pal Zileri and holds licenses for Moschino and Cerruti 1881.
Pepe, which was launched in London by three brothers as a weekend roadside stall in Portobello Road in 1973, became an established brand in the UK’s fashion industry in the Nineties starring celebrities like Kate Moss for its advertising campaigns. It is now present in 60 countries and sells its products through more than 7,000 multi-brand stores.
Representatives at Pepe Jeans and Mayhoola were not available for comment. A spokesman for Morgan Stanley declined to comment.
TAGS: Pepe Jeans Qataris
More from industry
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Want a better deal Try monkey as your shopping partnerBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New York |
Posted: December 3, 2014 11:44 am
 
Monkeys are smarter than humans when it comes to shopping as they do not confuse the price tag of a good with its quality, an interesting study from Yale University shows.
Senior Study author Laurie Santos, psychologist at Yale University and Rhia Catapano, former Yale undergraduate, designed a series of four experiments to test whether capuchin monkeys would prefer higher-priced but equivalent items.
They taught monkeys to make choices in an experimental market and to buy novel foods at different prices.
The results showed that monkeys understood the differences in price between the foods.
“But when we tested whether monkeys preferred the taste of the higher-priced goods, we were surprised to find that the monkeys did not show the same bias as humans,” researchers observed.
“Our previous work has shown that monkeys are loss-averse, irrational when it comes to dealing with risk and even prone to rationalising their own decisions, just like humans,” Santos said.
“But this is one of the first domains we have tested in which monkeys show more rational behaviour than humans do,” he added.
Previous research showed that people think a wine labeled with an expensive price tag tastes better than the same wine labeled with a cheaper price tag.
In other studies, people thought a painkiller worked better when they paid a higher price for it.
The new study shows that monkeys do not buy that premise although they share other irrational behaviours with their human relatives.
For humans, higher price tags often signal that other people like a particular good.
“Our richer social experiences with markets might be the very thing that leads us – and not monkeys – astray in this case,” Santos concluded.
The study appeared in the journal Frontiers in Psychology

Khan tastic moments: SRK  Salman  Aamir share the same stageentertainment
‘Khan’tastic moments: SRK, Salman Khan, Aamir Khan share stage
The pictionary of the Khan reunion at Salman Khan's sister Arpita's wedding had left the cinegoers teary eyed (with tears of happiness, obviously) and they were left wanting more of these moments. Anchor Rajat Sharma, with the help of his show 'Aap Ki Adalat' brought the dream to frution again with the Khan trinity - Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan and Aamir Khan - appearing on the same stage together after a long time.
While SRK and Salman kept it black for the evening, Aamir wore white for the event.
And if you thought, things were awkward between them, you're in for a sweet surprise!
So, quashing all speculations, here's the 'Towel Dance' by the trinity with the host of the show.
'Karan, Arjun and Rajat'!
Though the Khans stole the thunder comepletely, there were other noted personalities too attending the do.
Seen here are President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Sonakshi Sinha looked pretty in a beige ensemble.
Actress Rani Mukerji looked beautiful in sari.
'Jhakkaas' actor Anil Kapoor was also seen at the big bash.
Ajay Devgn, who is awaiting the release of 'Action Jackson', also made an appearance at the event.
Ajay Devgn poses with veteran actor Shatrughan Sinha and his daughter Sonakshi Sinha, who also is Ajay's co-star in 'Action Jackson'.
Shilpa Shetty arrived with husband Raj Kundra.
Veteran actress Hema Malini poses for the photogs.
Anupam Kher poses with wife, Member of Parliament for Bharatiya Janta Party from Chandigarh.
Related

South Central Railway launches mobile app that gives real-time info on servicesLava hints at Indian manufacturing facility at new smartphone launch
With a view to provide real-time information on train services to rail users, South Central Railway today brought out a new smartphone app ‘TADAAST’ (Train Arrival Departure And Amenities at Stations).
“This innovative app is aimed at disseminating information on the current status of arrivals and departures of trains on a live basis and also details of various passenger facilities provided at 25 identified major stations on South Central Railway (SCR) Zone,” said SCR General Manager P K Srivastava after launching the app at Rail Nilayam here.
Other useful features such as scheduled timetable and location of the station with route via Google maps have also been incorporated exclusively for each of the 25 stations in this app, he said.
“In addition, detailed stations layouts with icons showing the specific location of passenger amenities are also included in this app for Secunderabad, Hyderabad and Kacheguda stations,” he said, adding that ‘TADAAST’ is an app tailored primarily to take care of the public enquiry needs related to train services and amenities.
The data in this app can be seen in three languages –English, Hindi or Telugu.
‘TADAAST’ app can be downloaded and installed for free from Google Play Store (on android-based smartphone) or Apple App Store (on iOS-based smartphone), an SCR release said.
TAGS: Smartphone Apps
More from tech

Indian-origin authors in New York Times 100 Notable Books of 2014'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Indian-origin American surgeon and author, Atul Gawande as well as historian Ramachandra Guha are among five authors with an Indian connection who figure in the New York Times (NYT) Book Review’s list of 100 Notable Books of 2014.
Boston-based Gawande’s “Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End” which questions the role of modern medicine is listed number two among the non-ficion books.
“It is a meditation on living better with age-related frailty, serious illness and approaching death,” says the newspaper.
The book, reported to have been picked up by US President Barack Obama during his Thanksgiving shopping recently, also figures in Washington Post’s top 10 books of 2014.
Historian and author Ramachandra’s “Gandhi before India” also finds mention in the NYT book list, which was released today.
“It was as a young lawyer in South Africa that Gandhi forged the philosophy and strategies later put to such effect in India,” says the Times.
Delhi-born Akhil Sharma’s semi-autobiographical novel “Family Life”, which the Times describes as “deeply unnerving and tender at the core” finds place in the Fiction & Poetry section.
The novel, describes the newspaper, “charts a young man’s struggles to grow within a family shattered by tragedy and disoriented by its move from India.”
Indian-American writer Vikram Chandra, a recipient of the 1996 Commonwealth Writers’ Prize book “Geek Sublime: The Beauty of Code, the Code of Beauty” is included in the list.
“With great subtlety and depth, Chandra, who is both a novelist and a programmer, traces the connections between art and technology,” describes the Times.
“No Good Men Among The Living: America, the Taliban, and the War Through Afghan Eyes” by Anand Gopal, writer and journalist who has reported on the Middle East and South Asia figures in the NYT list.
The book is “a devastating look at how we got Afghanistan wrong.”
Another book in the list “The True American: Murder and Mercy in Texas” is by American author and columnist Anand Giridharadas.
“Competing visions of the American dream collide in this account of a post-9/11 hate crime and its unlikely reverberations,” says the newspaper.
TAGS: Atul Gawande Barack Obama New York Times Ramachandra Guha
More from industry
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Adriana Lima  Alessandra Ambrosio rock the ramp at Britains Victoria s Secret Showentertainment
Adriana Lima, Alessandra Ambrosio rock the ramp at Britain’s Victoria’s Secret Show
Angels Alessandra Ambrosio and Adriana Lima stunned on the ramp at the  Victoria's Secret annual show, held at London's Earl's Court on Tuesday (December 2). (Source: AP)
Adriana Lima strikes a pose looking absolutely stunning at the lavish event. (Source: AP)
Adriana Lima displays lingerie by Victoria’s Secret. (Source: AP)
Singer Ed Sheeran serenades the audience, while models Adriana Lima and Alessandra Ambrosio dazzle on the ramp. (Source: AP)
The angels strutted their stuff down the ramp in $2million Dream Angels Fantasy Bras. (Source: AP)
Model Karlie Kloss also hit the ramp at the Victoria's Secret in London. (Source: AP)
Singer Taylor Swift performed at the event. (Source: AP)
Each of this year's designs was made by Mouawad jewelers using 16,000 rubies, diamonds and sapphires, all of which are strung together with 18 karat gold. (Source: AP)
Adriana Lima does a jig on the ramp. (Source: AP)
Related

BSE Sensex closes flat  auto stocks riseBSE Sensex closes flat, auto stocks rise
IANS     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 20:28 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept key interest rates unchanged, a benchmark index of Indian equities markets provisionally closed in Wednesday's trade flat.
The markets which were sluggish during the day's trade, ended on a marginal negative note a day after the RBI kept the key interest rates unchanged in its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review.
The 30-scrip Sensitive Index (Sensex) of the S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), which opened at 28,472.32 points, closed at 28,442.71 points (provisionally), down 1.30 points from the previous day's close at 28,444.01 points.
The Sensex touched a high of 28,504.65 points and a low of 28,370.73 points in the day's trade.
The S&P auto index gained by 255.69 points, capital goods index went up by 156.69 points, and oil and gas index rose by 104.41 points.
However, information technology (IT) index was lower by 21.18 points and TECK index dipped by 9.60 points.
The wider 50-scrip Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also was flat. It was up 12.95 points or 0.15 percent at 8,537.65 points.

BSE regains market cap of Rs 100 trillion intra-dayBSE market cap regains Rs 100 trillion-mark during intra-day trade
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 20:28 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Leading stock exchange BSE on Wednesday regained Rs 100 trillion-mark in terms of total market wealth of all listed firms, but slipped marginally below this level in the end.
The milestone was reached for the first time in intra-day trade on Friday last week, but the overall market cap, also known as total investors' wealth, had slipped marginally below this level at the end of trading session that day.
At the close of Wednesday's trading session , the total BSE market cap stood at Rs 99,63,758 crore, as against a peak of Rs 1,00,40,408 crore or Rs 100.4 trillion scaled just a few minutes earlier.
The benchmark index Sensex ended flat with a marginal fall of 1.30 points at 28.442.71, but 17 out of the 30 Sensex stocks ended the day with gains. Overall, more than 200 stocks hit their 52-week highs on the BSE on Wednesday.
BSE is among the world's tenth-largest exchanges in terms of market value, while it is the largest globally for number of firms listed on its platform. It has over 4,000 actively traded companies and nearly 2.7 crore investors trade on it.
In US dollar terms, the BSE market cap now stands at over $1.6 trillion and it has added more than $ 500 billion (Rs 29 lakh crore) this year itself.
The total market cap has more than doubled in the last five years from Rs 50 lakh crore in 2009, while it has grown ten-times since first scaling Rs 10 lakh crore level in 2003.
The Sensex has gained by about one-third so far this year, while the 30 Sensex companies alone, which are among the biggest companies in the country, now account for nearly 50 per cent or about Rs 47 lakh crore of total investor wealth.
This includes TCS, the country's most valued firm and the only entity to have a market value of over Rs 5 lakh crore, followed by state-run ONGC and private sector behemoth Reliance Industries with market caps of over Rs 3 lakh crore each.
Six companies -ITC, Infosys, SBI, HDFC Bank, Coal India and ICICI Bank-have market cap of over Rs two lakh crore each, while that of 11 others (HDFC, Sun Pharma, HUL, Bharti Airtel, L&T, Wipro, Tata Motors, Axis Bank, NTPC, HCL Tech and Maruti) is over Rs one lakh crore.

Over Half of Top 500 Firms in Debt Trouble: India RatingsUp to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
Mumbai: More than half of the highly over-leveraged top 500 companies would need more than a whopping Rs 7 lakh crore or $114 billion and three years to deleverage themselves, according to a report by India Ratings.
"If equity infusion is used as a means to deleverage, as many as 262 of the 500 top corporates would require a minimum equity infusion of around Rs 7,04,300 crore ($114 billion)."
"But raising this amount will be a significant challenge given that between FY08 and FY14, less than half of this amount was infused as equity across these 500 corporates," India Ratings senior director for financial services Deep N Mukherjee said in a note.
If these companies were to bring down their leverage ratio to a prudent level, they will need around three years to complete the process, provided their debts do not rise from the FY14 levels, he said.
The process, however, will take five to six years if there is only a marginal uptick in the economy over the current level, Mr Mukherjee added.
Of these, as many as 96 corporates, which are already tagged as non-performing assets or are undergoing corporate debt restructuring, will take 5-10 years to reduce their leverage to moderate levels, he said.
Out of these 96 companies, 62 will require a minimum equity infusion of Rs 2,41,000 ($39 billion) so as to improve their likelihood of remaining a 'going concern'.
This amount is well over the market capitalisation of a lot of these 62 corporates, Mr Mukherjee said.
As such, equity could come in only if the current promoter -managers are changed or else these would continue to weigh down their lender's balance sheet for a long time, he said.
The report warns that out of these 96 companies as many as 87 are highly vulnerable as they have very weak credit metrics and lack support of a strong group or parent, and therefore may be formally slipping into the stressed category.
At least 71 out of these 87 corporates will require an equity infusion of Rs 89,200 crore over the next six to 12 months if they were to prevent themselves from slipping into the stressed category.
And if no equity infusion happens, they will take five-eight years to moderately improve their credit metrics, Mr Mukherjee said.
Of the 317 corporates which are not immediately vulnerable, 128 would require an estimated Rs 3.7 trillion. But if these companies chase growth opportunities by taking further debt, there is a strong likelihood of their overall credit profile deteriorating, he warned.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 19:30 (IST)

Should you provide unlimited vacation to your employeesShould you provide unlimited vacation to your employees?
Unlimited vacation
Alexander Mackenzie / Getty Images/iStockphoto
How much vacation would you take if you had an unlimited vacation policy?
How much vacation would you take if you had an unlimited vacation policy? (Alexander Mackenzie / Getty Images/iStockphoto)
By Kevin Voigt, NerdWallet
Carlos Slim
If you had unlimited vacation time, how much would you actually take?
Few nations vacation less than the United States. Among developed countries, only Japanese and South Koreans earn less time off from work than Americans, according to  a 2012 Expedia study .
Two moves have thrust the vacation question into the spotlight. Virgin Group founder Richard Branson announced the company would be experimenting with unlimited vacation for its employees. And Carlos Slim, a Mexican business magnate and the world’s second-richest man,  called for a “radical overhaul”  in our work mentality, suggesting a three-day work week offset by longer hours and delayed retirement.
8
Branson’s parent company would follow the lead of Netflix, Groupon and Best Buy by offering unlimited vacation to its 200 employees. If the experiment is successful, Branson says he is encouraging a similar policy for Virgin Group’s subsidiaries, which have more than 50,000 employees globally.
Critics question whether the policy can scale. But for a growing number of small and medium-sized businesses, unlimited vacation policies are gaining traction as a low-cost (or no-cost) way to woo employees and increase productivity.
0
Unlimited vacation “enables companies to provide an additional job ‘perk’ with little to no added cost. The idea is that even if employees are taking more vacation time than they used to, they are more productive during the time they are at work,” Christina Gomez, a partner with the law firm Holland & Hart,  told Fox Business . “It can [also] improve efficiency and productivity by incentivizing employees to get their work done more efficiently so they can take time off.”
Many observers scoff at Branson’s plan. Business psychologists Peter Coleman and Robert Ferguson claim that “‘endless summers’ do little but incentivize workaholics to work more, while everyone else suffers negative consequences for time off.” In an op-ed for Time Magazine titled “ Richard Branson’s Unlimited Vacation Is a Trick ,” they suggest the policy’s true benefit is to the bottom line, as it means companies won’t have to pay overtime or pay back unused vacation time for departing employees.
Moreover, the important caveat of unlimited vacation policies—that they can be enjoyed so long as “your work gets done”—means that employees will feel pressure not to shuffle work onto colleagues on breaks, or will be more likely to work remotely when “on vacation,” the authors note.
Their comments mirror much of the commentary following Branson’s announcement. “Beware the implications of unlimited vacation,” Venessa Wong  writes for BusinessWeek . “The glow of trust and togetherness that such policies provide could actually make employees less likely to take time off.”
As Branson himself  put it on his blog : “It is left to the employee alone to decide if and when he or she feels like taking a few hours, a day, a week or a month off, the assumption being that they are only going to do it when they feel 100% comfortable that they and their team are up to date on every project and that their absence will not in any way damage the business—or, for that matter, their careers!”
About 1% of U.S. companies have unlimited vacation policies, although another 2% are considering it, the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM)  tells Business Insider . “There really isn’t a lot of abuse in these plans,” says Bruce Elliott, manager of compensation and benefits at the SHRM. “They work really well in high-performance organizations.”
(Full disclosure: NerdWallet is among the companies with an unlimited vacation policy. Fuller disclosure: This writer has taken five weeks of vacation days since starting with the company last December. Fullest disclosure: Yes, it’s awesome.)
There’s no way to know how much time off employees take at firms with unlimited vacation policies, since the companies themselves don’t track the stats. A 2012 survey by training firm Fierce Inc. asked: “If you had unlimited vacation time, how much would you actually take?” The largest group of respondents — 42% — said between four and six weeks.
Proponents of more time off say the benefits far outweigh any risks of abuse. Slim, the Mexican billionaire, believes decreasing the average work week “would generate a healthier and more productive labor force, while tackling financial challenges linked to longevity,” the Financial Times reported.
One economist tells NerdWallet that “the glow of trust and togetherness,” as BusinessWeek characterized it, should not be undervalued.  Research by John Helliwell , a noted expert on the economics of well-being, found that when a workplace increases trust in management by one point on a 10-point scale, “it has the equivalent impact on worker satisfaction as a 40% increase in income.
“Trust has a huge impact, but it’s seldom measured and [companies] often neglect it,” Helliwell says.
This article originally appeared on  NerdWallet .

NuCurrent  Molex announce deal on wireless charging technology1
NuCurrent started in 2009 as a group of Northwestern students looking to develop medical technology to ease spinal pain. The problem of recharging a device implanted in the human body led them to develop their wireless-power antenna, and the company pivoted two years ago to focus on consumer products.
Their technology is now used in wireless desktop charging surfaces for mobile phones, which need only be in close proximity to a device to activate the charging process. Versions are in the works that will charge laptops, tablets and wearables, Babcock said.
The market is growing. Babcock said 25 million wireless charging devices were sold in 2013. By 2021, that number is expected to grow to 1.4 billion.
Molex Director of Business Development Lily Yeung said the move keeps Molex on the cutting edge of innovation in the sector.
“Wireless-device charging has the potential to drastically change how the world powers its phones and other portable devices, and Molex is thrilled to be involved in the early stages of this emerging technology,” she said in a statement released Wednesday.
Prior to Wednesday's announcement, NuCurrent had raised about $4.5 million in seed capital, including a $3.5 million Series A round in October, Babcock said.

Equity Strategist UBSDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Google My Business  app launched to help Indian SMBs succeed online'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Google today announced the launch of an interface ‘Google My Business’ here to help Indian small and medium businesses (SMBs) succeed online.
Google said the new product, designed to work across both desktop and mobile devices (tablets and smart phones), will help small and medium businesses to create and update their business info on Google Search, Maps and Google+ from one place for free in both Hindi and English.
‘Google My Business’ makes it easier for business to create their online presence even when they don’t have a website and manage it from their smartphones, making it easier for customers to get in touch with local businesses when they search for them online, Google said.
“India is strategic market for Google and we are committed to invest in solutions that cater to the needs of SMBs in India,” Google Head of Small and Medium Business Sales Suryanarayana Kodukulla told reporters here.
He said “Globally over 2 million businesses use Google’s advertising platform to find potential buyers on internet. We have very ambitious plan of bringing down the barriers that inhibits SMBs in India from embracing the internet.”
Stating that Google is also investing in extending deeper support services through a local partner network and local language call centers, he said that “in addition to this to tackle the challenge of lack of awareness around the benefits of internet we are partnering with CII to help create awareness amongst SMBs to accelerate the adoption of internet”.
Speaking about the growth of internet in India, Kodukulla said, “India is now the third largest internet market…to get the first hundred million internet users it took ten years, but the second hundred million came in the span of two years that was pretty fast, more interesting thing is in the next one one-and-half years we will get the next hundred million users.”
Kodukulla said, “This means in the next year we will possibly be the second largest internet market after China, even overtaking the US. That’s really fast…”
Google also announced the shortlisted five finalists of Google SME Heroes-Bangalore that includes Simplilearn CEO Krishna Kumar, Portea Co-founders Ganesh Krishnan and Meena Ganesh, Zoffio Founder Abhishek Kamani, HiFives Founder Sagar Chaudhuri and Savaari Founder Gaurav Agarwal.
This initiative aims to showcase and celebrate local small medium businesses that have embraced the internet to grow their business. As a national campaign five finalists in each major city of India will be shortlisted who will then be invited to the national capital for a mega SMB event where four regional and one national winner will be announced, Google said.
TAGS: Google India
More from industry
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Russia resumes rouble interventionBank of Russia resumes rouble intervention
Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9e6c607a-7ae6-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Six Indian start-ups to help Intel bring NextGen computing techSix Indian start-ups to help Intel bring NextGen computing tech
Rajesh Kurup
Will embed perceptual computing tech in tablets, laptops, desktops
Mumbai, December 3:  
Intel Corp has invited six Indian companies to jointly work on its prestigious perceptual computing technologies, which would be launched sometime next year.
Perceptual computing, which uses gestures and image recognition to control a computer, helps devices see, hear and feel the user.
Intel is offering its hardware platform to certain select Indian companies to develop software on a trial basis. A team from Intel’s Bengaluru office is working with partners, Gordon G. Graylish Vice-President, Sales and Marketing Group and General Manager, Enterprise Solution Sales, told BusinessLine.
“Perceptual computing is about evolving the computer, it would also bring in new capabilities like no passwords, no wires.
“This is a complex form of biometric, it’s three dimensional and takes into account that the user is a living creature,” Graylish said.
These technologies would enable the computer to recognise a user’s face and log the person in, play games and serious applications such as architectural drawings and designs.
“However, this is highly different from face recognition technology, which is two-dimensional. This is much more secure,” he added.
Indian connections
Mumbai-based start-up Trutech Webs, Chandigarh-based PlayBuff Studios (working with voice recognition and gesture controls), Bangalore-based Focus Medica and Hyderabad-based Graylogic Technologies were among the companies Intel has shared the hardware.
The names of the two other companies were not immediately disclosed. “Perceptual computing would bring in three-dimensional inputs to the computer, compared with the two-dimensional keyboard and mouse inputs,” said Trutech Webs Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder Abhinav Aggarwal.
Trutech Webs, which is working on gesture-based gaming, has demonstrated some of its capabilities to Intel. PlayBuff, on its part, is working on Intel’s RealSense tech (technology for computing using gestures and voice command).
Globally, Intel is offering the platform by invitation to more than 1,000 companies. The Santa Clara, California-headquartered company will embed perceptual computing technologies on tablets, laptops and desktops immediately, before extending it to other devices including mobile phones.
Selling point
“The biggest selling point for devices today is touch, which will move to gesture with the introduction of perceptual computing,” Trutech’s Abhinav Aggarwal said.
In 2015, when perceptual computing would be commercially launched, it would be a proud moment for many Indian software start-ups.
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Emerging markets mock the pessimistsJim O'Neill: Emerging markets mock the pessimists
Jim ONeill |  Dec 03, 2014 09:46 PM IST
Remember how this time last year a lot of analysts were predicting that 2014 would be a bad year for emerging markets? Didn't really happen, did it? Now I hear economists saying the reckoning they'd expected has only been postponed. It'll happen next year instead. It's possible, but I wouldn't bet on it.
In this discussion, one crucial fact is both obvious and usually forgotten: the so-called emerging markets are all quite different. They don't move in unison. Take the impact of cheaper oil. Just as in the advanced economies, it's good news for some (the equivalent of a tax cut) and bad news for others (the equivalent of a cut in income). It's unhelpful to generalise. Many of the world's star performers in 2014 were emerging-market economies. The same will be true in 2015.
The fallacy of agglomeration is compounded by a failure to grasp relative scales. Taken together, the two errors give a distorted picture of global activity.
The slowing of China's expansion is a constant theme these days. Yes, but remember that China will be a $10-trillion economy by the end of 2014; that during the course of this year's slowdown, it added roughly $1 trillion to world output; and that slowing growth in China is still quite rapid by most countries' standards. Adjusted for purchasing power, China's economy is now about as big as the US: growing at the supposedly disappointing rate of 7.0 to 7.5 per cent, it's adding more than twice as much to global output as the US.
Yet the median financial commentator is excited about the US and downbeat about China. What am I missing?
In current-dollar terms, China's economy is now twice the size of Japan's. Again, investors seem more energised by the smaller case. Japan would have to grow at a rate in excess of 10 per cent to make a bigger contribution to global output than China. Or look at Europe. China is bigger than Germany, France and Italy combined: the biggest euro economies would need to grow by more than seven per cent to rival its addition to global activity. In other words, a sense of proportion would be good.
China's "weak" growth isn't the only encouraging global indicator. India, too, is on the way to becoming a globally significant economy. It's already about the same size as Italy, or three-quarters the size of the UK economy, in current-dollar terms. Adjusted for differences in purchasing power, its addition to global output will far exceed theirs in 2014.
In fact, despite the general mood of despondency, growth in global output will come in this year at about the same rate as in 2012 and 2013 - 3.3 per cent. Granted, that's down from an average of 3.9 per cent over the past decade, but it's about the same as in each of the two decades before that. The main thing, in any event, is that US growth isn't the only force driving the pattern.
Financial markets seem to give a better sense of the underlying dynamics than you'd get from gauging the mood of analysts. Slowing China has seen its Shanghai benchmark index rise by roughly 30 per cent so far this year. The Shenzhen index, which probably gives a better representation of the modern sector of China's economy, is up about 35 per cent. That's roughly the same as the rise in India's main stock market index. Indonesia is up about 20 per cent, and Turkey 25 per cent. A number of other developing-country stock markets have done a lot better than those in the advanced economies. Not so much a crisis, when you look at those numbers; more a pretty stellar year.
So is 2015 when it finally all unravels? The now-traditional end-of-year prediction calls for a steep rise in US bond yields. If that happens, and it could, then emerging-market economies with growing current-account deficits and a correspondingly heavy dependence on imported capital might struggle. But bear in mind two offsetting factors.
First, some of the economies seen as most at risk in this scenario - including India and Indonesia - are oil importers and will benefit from cheaper oil.
Second, advanced-economy central banks have limited latitude - and in some cases, none - to tighten monetary policy and raise long-term yields.
In Japan and the euro area, further easing seems likelier than any tightening of monetary conditions. The US has halted its quantitative easing programme but will be in no hurry to advance its schedule for monetary tightening. There's little prospect yet that the Federal Reserve will put the bonds it has bought back into the market. And for the time being it won't see higher global bond yields as serving US interests: US exporters, after all, need customers.
It's enough to make you think the crisis may be postponed yet again.
The writer is a Bloomberg View columnist
joneill62@bloomberg.net

Didn t Get a Flat in DDA Draw Read ThisYou are here: Home Your Money
DDA Aims at Refunding Security Deposit Within a Month
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 03, 2014 15:05 (IST)
Salaries in India Likely to Rise by 10.5% in 2015: Report
New Delhi: The Delhi Development Authority is making efforts to refund within one month security deposits to the unsuccessful applicants of the Housing Scheme 2014, in which draw of lots had taken place on November 25.
Minister of State for Urban Development and Housing Babul Supriyo told the Lok Sabha in a written reply that the guidelines provide for 90 days for such refunds.
(Read: 25,000 DDA Flats Allocated in DDA Housing Scheme )
DDA is making efforts to refund the security deposit to the unsuccessful applicants of the DDA Housing Scheme, 2014 within one month of the draw. Mr Supriyo said that if there is a delay in making refund, simple interest of 8 per cent per annum will be paid on the deposit.
DDA had offered 25,034 flats in its biggest ever housing scheme and received 10,08,700 applications.
To another query, the minister said there is no shortage of 'Barat Ghar' and community centre facilities in Delhi. As per the information furnished by the authority, Delhi Cantonment Board (DCB) and Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board (DUSIB), there is no shortage of such facilities in the capital city, he said.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 14:50 (IST)

Gas prices are at a four-year low. Thats not good for Tesla.By Andrea Peterson December 3 Follow @kansasalps
The Tesla Model S Signature was featured at the 2012 North American International Auto Show  in Detroit. (Bill Pugliano/Getty Images)
Gas prices are at a four-year low in the United States. And that could mean trouble for manufacturers of electric vehicles like Tesla, who've bet on rising fuel prices and environmental concerns to drive consumers to their cars.
The company isn't selling tons of cars to the mass market yet -- it delivered less than 8,000 of its Model S vehicles in the third quarter of this year. And Tesla's  current consumers are not necessarily price sensitive -- after all, they must be willing to spend more than $71,000 to buy a Model S.
But the company may be hitting the saturation point of that market, according to Kelly Blue Book senior analyst Karl Brauer. And it plans to pay more attention to price-conscious customers: The Tesla Model III , currently in development and expected to be on sale by 2017, is expected to cost about $35,000. But that's still more expensive than  the average U.S. car price , and if fuel prices stay low, it might be difficult for consumers to justify the upfront premium. Tesla did not respond to a request for comment for this story.
When Tesla was founded in 2003, gas prices were on an upswing. But now that fuel prices are dipping -- the national average price per gallon was at $2.78 on Monday, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration -- Hummers and SUVs are coming back into vogue.
"It's always a tougher sell on vehicles that cost more up front, with the justification being savings on the fuel prices, when those fuel prices drop," says Brauer.
Fuel prices have been on a sustained downward trend for months now, partly due to reduced demand in developed countries. That's mostly a result of improved automotive fuel efficiency and an increase in supply, thanks in part to the boom in U.S. production with the expansion of fracking.
"We definitely have watched alternative vehicles including hybrids and electric struggle," says Brauer.
The revived interest in larger vehicles has some environmentalists worried. But Dave Cooke, a vehicle analyst at the Union of Concerned Scientist's Clean Vehicles Program, says the SUVs and trucks that consumers are buying these days are less damaging to the environment than they used to be since increased fuel economy standards were announced in 2010, and that the trend is likely to continue.
While gas prices are at a relative low now, Cooke says, they remain volatile. "Prior to the decrease we've started seeing since June, there had been a 45-cents increase over the previous seven months," he says.
Buying an electric vehicle or other more fuel-efficient car is a sort of "insurance policy," Cooke argues, ensuring that consumers save whether the price at the pump is $3 or $5 a gallon. And there is still substantial growth in the plug-in vehicle market, he says: "We've seen a 28 percent year-on-year growth of plug-in electric vehicles in the U.S. as of last month."
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

Try this healthy recipe: Paneer KalimirchTo Be Ground To A Smooth Paste
1/2 cup chopped onions
1/2 tsp roughly chopped garlic (lehsun)
1/2 tsp roughly chopped ginger (adrak)
2 tsp peppercorns (kalimirch)
For The Garnish
2 tsp fresh cream
Combine the oil and the paste in a microwave-proof bowl and microwave on high for 2 minutes.
Add the cream, milk, salt and 2 tbsp water, mix well and microwave on high for 30 seconds.
Add the paneer, mix well and microwave on high for 1 minute.
Serve immediately garnished with cream.
You can use paneer in a healthy wrap too. Check out this easy recipe by Tarla Dalal.

VA whistleblowers honored as public servants of the yearFederal employee whistleblowers, too often an harassed segment of the workforce, were praised Wednesday by the agency responsible for protecting them.
The Department of Veterans Affairs hospital in Nashville, Tenn.  (George Walker IV/The Tennessean via AP)
The Office of Special Counsel (OSC) honored three Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) whistleblowers Wednesday, all physicians who had key roles in uncovering major issues at VA facilities.
Because they and other whistleblowers came forward, problems such as the cover-up of long wait times for veterans seeking medical care were exposed.  The wait-time scandal led to the resignation of the VA secretary and legislation providing the department with additional resources to meet patient needs.
The whistleblowers honored with OSC’s Public Servant of the Year Award were:
Katherine Mitchell, who “disclosed critical understaffing and inadequate triage training in the Phoenix VA medical center’s emergency room,” according to an OSC statement.
Phyllis Hollenbeck, who “blew the whistle on chronic understaffing at the Jackson (Miss.) VA medical center [and] problems with the supervision of nurse practitioners.”
Charles Sherwood, who “brought forward concerns [about] improper practices in the Jackson VA medical center’s radiology department.”
Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner said the three honorees “turned the public spotlight on serious threats to patient health and safety at the Phoenix and Jackson, Mississippi VA Medical Centers. Because of their efforts, veterans are now far more likely to receive the treatment they deserve.”
“They are part of a much larger group of whistleblowers,” she added, “who have contributed to much-needed reforms at the Veterans Health Administration.”
Joe Davidson writes the Federal Diary, a column about the federal workplace that celebrated its 80th birthday in November 2012.

As heroic woman is buried  Germany is left soul-searchingBy Rick Noack December 3 Follow @rick_n
Mourners carry a coffin holding the body of Tugce Albayrak during a memorial service in Waechtersbach, Germany.  Albayrak was beaten up last month in front of a restaurant in Offenbach, near Frankfurt, as she tried to defend two girls being harassed by men. (Kai Pfaffenbach/Reuters)
Anger, sadness and a renewed societal debate accompanied the funeral of German student Tugce Albayrak on Wednesday. Mourners had pinned a picture of the young woman on their coats, over their hearts, and held banners to express their sorrow and admiration. "We quickly forget those who make us cry. We always remember those who made us smile," one of the banners read. "She will be remembered for her civil courage," a speaker told the crowd, according to the BBC .
On Nov. 15, Albayrak, who was of Turkish origin, had tried to protect two girls who were  harassed by three men near a bathroom at a restaurant in Offenbach, near Frankfurt. As she headed outside, Albayrak was attacked by at least one of the men, who had been waiting for her in a parking lot. A surveillance video captured the incident.
Last Friday, the day that Tugce Albayrak turned 23, her parents decided to turn off her life-support machine after doctors declared her brain dead. Her alleged attacker, 18-year-old Serbian Sanel M., was arrested by police shortly after the assault and has admitted to the crime, the  Associated Press  reported.
The incident has shocked Germany, a nation that has increasingly emphasized helping those in need. A 2008 study conducted by the University of Goettingen found that only 15 percent would actually step in and stop a thief, although 50 percent had said in a survey that they would act that way if they observed a crime taking place.
Over the past few years, government programs and police initiatives have tried to raise awareness about the problem. Such efforts, however, have suffered several blowbacks. In 2009, for instance, businessman Dominik Brunner died while trying to protect schoolchildren from a gang of teenagers attacking them.
Candles and flowers are placed on the parking lot where Tugce Albayrak was fatally injured two weeks ago in Offenbach, Germany, Monday Dec. 1, 2014. (dpa, Frank Rumpenhorst via AP Photo)
Albayrak's death has renewed a debate about the courage needed to protect victims from criminals. In an article Monday, the left-leaning Tageszeitung newspaper in Berlin asked whether Germans should "intervene or stay in the background" in such situations. The paper said Albayrak's death "shows the importance of courage as well as its dangers."
German police attempted to answer the question posed by Tageszeitung, explaining on their Web site: "To show courage means to help others without endangering oneself."
But are there limits? The ongoing debate shows how uncertain many Germans are about whether and when they should intervene in dangerous situations.
"This young women showed that helping others and showing a backbone is not always easy; or did really nobody else notice what happened during one of the restaurant's busiest hours?" German online activist Karl Lempert commented .
While Germans are struggling to find a consensus on that question, many of them agree that Albayrak should receive a national order of merit posthumously. A petition on Change.org , urging President Joachim Gauck to award such a distinction, had been signed by 170,000 people as of Wednesday.
Over the weekend, Gauck reacted to the petition. Addressing Albayrak's parents, he wrote : "Where other people looked the other way, your daughter showed exemplary courage and moral fortitude and stood up for the victims of an act of violence." Unfortunately, she then became the victim of a brutal crime herself.
Rick Noack writes about foreign affairs. He is an Arthur F. Burns Fellow at The Washington Post.

Clearer skies into Thursday; Hagupit reaches super typhoon statusBy Ian Livingston December 3 Follow @islivingston
As has been pretty common of late, it was a dark and dreary day. On the bright side, temperatures were quite a bit milder than yesterday, reaching the near 50 to mid-50s range for most of the area. We’ll start to kick these clouds more efficiently overnight and should see a good deal of sun on Thursday. But, the total gray won’t disappear for long.
Through Tonight: We get some breaks going this evening, though full clearing may hold off until after midnight. Pretty calm and boring weather-wise, really. Lows range from near 30 in the coldest spots to perhaps the upper 30s downtown. Winds around 10 mph from the northwest diminish to light as the night wears on.
Tomorrow (Thursday): We should see more sun than today, probably averaging about partly cloudy, though clouds probably increase during the afternoon, and it could be gloomy again before sunset. Temperatures are cooler, mainly reaching the 43-49 range. Winds are from the north and northeast around 5-10 mph.
See Dan Stillman’s forecast through the weekend . And if you haven’t already, join us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter . For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock.
Rain in Arlington in late November. (Erinn Shirley via Flickr )
Super Typhoon Hagupit: Hagupit (known as Ruby in the Philippines) has reached “super typhoon” — roughly equivalent to a category 4 or 5 hurricane — status, according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center. Maximum sustained winds are now up to 150 mph, and the storm appears on track to become one of the strongest on Earth this year.
There are still some questions as to exactly where the storm tracks, as detailed by CWG’s Angela Fritz earlier today , yet consensus is growing that the Philippines will take a pretty severe hit from this storm.
Check out some of the latest imagery of this beast:
Not much doubt that Typhoon #Hagupit will be Cat 5 Super … not quite Haiyan yet. pic.twitter.com/HNvk9T4Amd
— Ryan Maue (@RyanMaue) December 3, 2014
Extremely bad situation beginning to unfold for Philippines. Yikes. #Hagupit / #RubyPH pic.twitter.com/Qmfeg9aIIQ
— Anthony Sagliani (@anthonywx) December 3, 2014
JTWC (US), JMA (Japan), PAGASA ( #Philippines ) forecasts for #Hagupit / #Ruby . Red dot is Tacloban City pic.twitter.com/LIL1euUSRN
— Michael Lowry (@MichaelRLowry) December 3, 2014
A comparison of typhoons. #Hagupit ’s CDO isn’t as big or symmetrical as #Haiyan ’s, but it’s about as cold in spots. pic.twitter.com/OQXiAhoIUC
— Ryan Allen (@1900hurricane) December 3, 2014
Ian Livingston is a forecaster/photographer and information lead for the Capital Weather Gang. By day, Ian is a defense and national security researcher at a D.C. think tank.

New names proposed for forthcoming Silver Line stationsThe Greensboro station on Metro’s new Silver Line looking east along Leesburg Pike. (Jahi Chikwendiu/The Washington Post)
Come 2018, you might board a train at “Ashburn” or get off at “Broad Run.”
Those names are the frontrunners for two stops on the second phase of the Silver Line, according to a survey of Loudoun County residents set to be reviewed by the county’s Board of Supervisors on Wednesday.
Other choices include “Broadlands,” “Brambleton,” “Old Ox” and numerous variations on the words “Loudoun” and “Dulles”: “Loudoun East,” “Loudoun Gateway,” “Loudoun Gateway West,” “Loudoun Dulles North” and “Dulles Gateway” all made the list of options.
In a memo to be presented to the county board on Wednesday, county staff recommended the names that it hopes the board will pass on to WMATA for customer testing. It presented “Broad Run,” “Loudoun East” and “Loudoun Gateway” as its top three choices for the planned Route 606 station, and “Ashburn” as its sole selection for the Route 772 station. The board members can also choose to recommend only “Broad Run” and “Ashburn,” or to nominate names of their own.
The county and WMATA solicited feedback since late October through an online survey, two public meetings near the proposed stations and a flyer distributed to commuters who currently take a bus from the Wiehle-Reston East Silver Line station to Loudoun County. In all, about 2,500 people offered their opinions.
“Ashburn” was by far the most popular choice for the Route 772 station, garnering 75 percent of the vote.
On the Route 606 station, respondents showed less of a consensus. The most popular choice, “Broad Run,” received just over 25 percent of the vote. Seventeen percent of voters offered write-in suggestions. “Old Ox” (the name of a road) and “Sterling” both got more than 100 write-in votes, though county staff noted that “Old Ox” was more popular among county residents and “Sterling” more likely to be nominated by an outsider.
The first five Silver Line stops were named for a mix of familiar geographical locations — “McLean,” “Tysons Corner” — and lesser-known terms including “Greensboro” and “Spring Hill” that Metro hopes will become recognized neighborhood monikers.
The second phase of the Silver Line is set to include six stops, including one at Dulles International Airport, so there is more naming fun to be had.
Julie Zauzmer is a local news reporter.

The White House celebrates the holidays with a tree too big to fit through the doorAd Choices
While cool, techy touches such as the interactive digital snowscape and the animated replicas of first dogs Bo and Sunny got plenty of buzz , the handmade, more traditional decorations this year were looking particularly sparkly and glamorous. The theme “A Children’s Winter Wonderland” clearly brought out the glue guns and gallons of glitter. The Grand Foyer and Cross Hall had suspended snowflake and star ornaments and trees decorated in hanging-glass ornaments. Vintage luggage was stacked up in front of the windows of the State Dining Room and dusted with silvery white glitter. Outside in the Jacqueline Kennedy Garden, a huge mirrored gift box reflected the light.
In the Vermeil Room, where portraits of several first ladies hang, volunteers took two dress mannequins and created evergreen skirts to look like ball gowns, then embellished them with frosted decorations and lights. New York designer Alexis Bittar, whose jewelry has been worn by Michelle Obama, created ornaments and necklaces for the installation, including hand-sculpted designs made of Lucite ivory pine cones interwoven with vintage brooches.
One of the volunteer decorators, part of a team of 106 people who worked for five days, was Frank Champa from Brooks, Maine, who happens to be a costume designer. “The first lady wanted to do something different here,” Champa said. He found the whole experience amazing. “My grandfather was a florist in the White House,” Champa said. “It was just surreal to be here. I actually sat down and cried a little.”
First lady Michelle Obama decorates crafts and cookies with military families’ children during the 2014 White House holiday preview. (Photo by Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
Obama, dressed in an eggplant-colored dress and glittery necklace, thanked the troops, veterans, wounded warriors and military spouses, saying “your presence here today is a powerful reminder for all of us what this season is really all about,” rousing the audience with her prepared remarks. “It’s really about serving others,” she said. “It’s about giving more than we receive and it’s about showing those we love how much they mean to us.”
The children at the event knew it’s also about something else. “Are you guys ready to get up and move?,” the first lady asked her young guests. “You’re going to come with me, we’re going to do some decorating. We’ve got the stuff — I think we may have cookies or something.” (“Yay!” yelled out one bold child.) And with that, Obama was off to the State Dining Room with girls in full-skirted party dresses, boys in red wool vests and toddlers clutching sippy cups trailing behind her. Here, they would have their own taste of the DIY-movement supervised by three very experienced crafters: White House chief floral designer Laura Dowling, executive chef Cristeta Comerford and new executive pastry chef Susan Morrison . The children moved right to their tasks: cookies to drench in frosting, snowflake ornaments to dust with colored salts and Bo and Sunny coloring books to fill in.
While Hillary Clinton and Laura Bush would often take questions from the press at the preview about where they were spending their holidays or what their family traditions were, Obama has stuck to a scripted program in each of her six years hosting this preview.
Each first lady puts her own stamp on the decorations. In the 1990s, Clinton didn’t have any tech surprises, but she did round up a roster of design celebrities to help with the decorating: Martha Stewart, Christopher Radko, Ralph Lauren’s creative stylists and Robert Isabell, the late New York party planner and flower designer. Bush brought us LED lights and Barney Cam, a popular series of holiday videos starring the photogenic Scottish terrier as he romped through the White House.
The Obamas may not be sharing any information about their holiday plans, but they have posted the first interactive White House holiday card, available to anyone at www.whitehouse.gov . Can’t make it to the White House for the holidays? Check out #WHHolidays or follow them on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram or Pinterest.
A gingerbread replica of the White House adorns the State Dining Room. (Photo by Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
The home and design coverage of Jura Koncius has taken her inside hundreds of homes, from tiny studios in Penn Quarter to country castles in Warrenton. Jura also hosts the Home Front live chat, Thursdays at 11 a.m. ET.

Brazil lifts benchmark rate to 11.75%Brazil lifts benchmark interest rate by 50 basis points to 11.75%
Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a5370ab0-7b3e-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama Admin to focus on India-US trade ties over the next 2 yearsBy: Press Trust of India | Washington |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:03 am
Over the next two years, the Obama Administration would focus significantly on India-US economic and financial partnership and support the reform effort of the Indian government, a US official has said.
Describing this as “a win-win” proposition, the official said, the partnership would also encourage greater opening of India’s economy to US firms and improving the climate for US investment in the country.
“Over the next two years, we plan to focus significant attention on the US-India Economic and Financial Partnership – the US Treasury’s main vehicle to engage on economic issues with India.
“Through this Partnership, we will support India in its growth and reform efforts and encourage the greater opening of India’s economy to US firms,” Treasury Undersecretary Nathan Sheets said.
“This is, again, a “win-win” proposition,” Sheets said.
“We can create new growth and employment opportunities in the United States by further opening this growing market for US exports, improving the climate for US investment in India, and levelling the playing field for US companies,” he said.
“For India, faster growth, deeper financial markets, and greater openness to trade and foreign investment promise to raise incomes, reduce poverty, and bring many more Indians into the global middle class,” he added.
The top Treasury official said the US has an important window of opportunity to deepen its economic engagement with India.
“India and its people share with the United States an entrepreneurial spirit, a commitment to a vibrant private sector, and a record of economic growth built largely on domestic demand,” Sheets said.
He said one of the top priority of the Obama Administration is engagement with the world economy’s emerging giants, notably China and India in Asia, as well as Mexico and Brazil in Latin America.
“We are committed over the next two years to finding ways to continue to strengthen our bilateral relationship with China – such as by advancing negotiations on a high-standard bilateral investment treaty – and to work together in multilateral settings,” he said.

Modi pays tribute to Phil HughesNew Delhi/Sydney, December 3, 2014
Updated: December 3, 2014 15:05 IST
Modi pays tribute to Phil Hughes
Agencies
Tweet
Reuters
Cricket bats line the funeral procession route for Australian cricketer Phil Hughes outside a primary school in his home town of Macksville on Wednesday.
SLIDESHOW
cricket
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday joined the world in bidding farewell to Hughes, sending out a tweet to pay his last respects.
“Heart-rending funeral in Australia. Phil Hughes, we will miss you. Your game & exuberance won you fans all over! RIP,” Mr. Modi tweeted.
Heart-rending funeral in Australia. Phil Hughes, we will miss you. Your game & exuberance won you fans all over! RIP.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 3, 2014
Hughes’ coffin was led out after the tribute ceremony for a procession around the streets of Macksville to allow the locals to pay their last respects.
The procession moved through the streets with players and other mourners walking behind. The Australian players later formed a guard of honour and the hearse and the funeral procession moved past them en route to the burial.
Sean Abbott attends Hughes’ funeral
As family, friends, former teammates and cricket greats gathered in thousands at Macksville for late batsman Phillip Hughes’ funeral, a heartbroken Sean Abbott, who delivered the bouncer that turned fatal for the late star, was also attended the funeral to pay his respects.
Abbott arrived at the Macksville funeral supported by his girlfriend Brier. He signed the condolences book before heading inside.
It is the first time that Abbott would have seen the Hughes family since the batsman passed away two days after being struck in the head by a bouncer last Tuesday at the SCG during a Sheffield Shield match, News.com.au reported.
The Hughes family has promised to greet Abbott with open arms. And they have also led the chorus of support for the young bowler that has spread around the cricketing world since the accident, with Hughes’ sister Megan spending significant time with Abbott at the hospital as her brother’s life hung in the balance.
The support went all the way up to Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott.
The show of emotional strength came just a day after Abbott returned to the nets for the first time following Hughes’ death.
The notable attendees at Hughes’ funeral included Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, opposition leader Bill Shorten, NSW Premier Mike Baird, Australian Test squad, Australian women’s cricket team, Shane Warne, Sir Richard Hadlee, Glenn McGrath, Adam Gilchrist, Brian Lara, Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma and Ravi Shastri, the report added.

New Janata parivar takes shape to counter BJP and ModiNew Janata parivar takes shape to counter BJP and Modi
Srinand Jha , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 04, 2014
First Published: 00:21 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 15:37 IST(4/12/2014)
Comments
The once-firebrand young Turks of the socialist movement, who fell apart more than two decades ago, are set to re-unite as a family of ageing warriors. The process will begin with a huddle in Delhi on Thursday, and if all goes well, Nitish Kumar’s JD(U), Lalu Prasad’s RJD, HD Deve Gowda’s JD(S), and Om Prakash Chautala’s INLD will merge as a new party under the leadership of former wrestler and SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav.
A combo picture of Mulayam Singh Yadav (Samajwadi Party), Lalu Prasad (Rashtriya Janata Dal), Om Prakash Chautala (Indian National Lok Dal) and Nitish Kumar (Janta Dal (United)).
More than love for one another, it is the fear of rapidly diminishing political relevance and rise of BJP under PM Narendra Modi that is driving the process.
The new entity could be named the Samajwadi Janata Dal.
Given the SP’s better credentials — being in power in Uttar Pradesh and also having the most MPs in Parliament among the lot — it is likely that Mulayam will be asked to lead the new party in the making. “However, a mechanism for collective leadership will also be worked out,” sources said.
“The JD (U) is hopeful and keen on a merger of our parties. It is time for us to come together and jointly confront the challenges facing the country,” former Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar told HT.
“The Janata parivar merger should be seen as the first step in the direction of consolidating secular forces . Other like-minded parties could join at a later stage. Even the Congress and the Left parties are likely to support this secular formation,” said JD (U) spokesperson KC Tyagi.
After the luncheon meeting at the SP leader’s residence, leaders of the fledging group are likely to announce joint campaign programme to highlight “failures of the NDA government” on issues including black money, unemployment and farmers’ problems.
Senior BJP leader and environment minister Prakash Javadekar said that in a democracy, all political groupings had a right to come together or split. “But the Janata parivar DNA dictates that they come together and split again,” he said.
Senior Congress leader Shakeel Ahmed remarked, “Old socialists are known for their typical characteristics. They cannot live without each other for a long time. But they also cannot live together for more than one year.”

BSE Sensex gains 278 points in early trade; NSE Nifty hits new peakBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:15 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 4:38 pm
The benchmark Sensex today bounced back to end with a gain of 120 points and Nifty jumped 26.75 points after rising to new lifetime high on the back of heavy buying in ITC shares on buzz that the government will not ban sales of loose cigarettes.
Global cues were also supportive. Asian and European stocks surged on talk of global monetary stimulus ahead of a European Central Bank policy meeting that could move closer to expanded monetary easing.
ITC, the most influential stock in 30-share BSE Sensex, jumped 5.44 per cent to over six-month high on speculation that government will put on hold its proposal to ban sales of loose cigarettes. Shares of other cigarette makers like Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries also rose in 2-6 per cent range.
The Sensex, which had retreated from record highs by falling over 251 points in the previous three sessions, opened today on a strong footing. It quickly soared to day’s high of 28,808.78. However, profit-booking at higher levels forced it to pare gains and closed at 28,562.82, up 120.11 points, or 0.42 per cent.
On similar lines the 50-share National Stock Exchange index Nifty, after scaling a new peak of 8,626.95 in early trade, closed at 8,564.40, up 26.75, or 0.31 per cent. Intra-day, the gauge breached its earlier record of 8,623 reached on December 1.
Persistent foreign capital inflows into equity market also boosted the market sentiment. Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 391.07 crore yesterday.
Besides ITC, Sensex constituents Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, ICICI Bank, Hindustan Unilever, HDFC Bank, SBI, Axis Bank, HDFC and Bajaj Auto notched up moderate gains.
Sectorally, the BSE FMCG index gained the most by rising 3 per cent, followed by Banking index 0.76 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.40 per cent, Metal index 0.29 per cent, Auto index 0.13 per cent and Power index 0.06 per cent.
Buying activity also witnessed in smallcap and midcap stocks. The BSE Small Cap index rose 0.31 per cent and the BSE Midcap index gained 0.25 per cent.
Most Asian indices rose. “Chinese shares soared to multi year highs amidst steep rise in financial and oil shares and on the back of expectations of further economic stimulus measures,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.

Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge  defined a generation: Shekhar KapurBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:02 am
Congratulating the cast and crew of romantic blockbuster ‘ Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge ‘ on completing 1000 weeks in theatre, filmmaker Shekhar Kapur said he wished that more such films were made in India.
The YashRaj Film Production starring Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol, which marked Aditya Chopra’s directorial debut, has been playing out in the iconic Maratha Mandir, making it the longest running film in the history of Indian cinema.
It will complete 1000 weeks on December 12.
“‘ Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge ‘ 1000 weeks. Congratulations to Adi Chopra and the whole team. The film defined a generation. Wish they still made films like this. From the heart,” Kapur, who has directed films like’ Bandit Queen’, ‘Mr India’, ‘Elizabeth’, posted on
Twitter.

Barack Obama praises Narendra Modi for shaking India s  bureaucratic inertiaBarack Obama praises Narendra Modi for shaking India’s ‘bureaucratic inertia’
By: PTI |        Washington |  December 4, 2014 11:16 am
Summary
Barack Obama praised Narendra Modi’s efforts to shake up the “bureaucratic inertia” in India.
Other Articles
Peshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
US President Barack Obama praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s efforts to shake up the “bureaucratic inertia” in India, less than a month after he described the Indian leader as a “man of action”.
However, Obama said that this was a long-term project and one would have to see how successful Prime Minister Modi is in his efforts.
“Modi has impressed me so far with his willingness to shake up the bureaucratic inertia inside of India. But that is a long-term project and we’ll have to see how successful he is,” Obama told a business roundtable, which was attended by top corporate leaders of the country.
The roundtable was organised to discuss the current economic condition of the US and across the globe.
Last month in Myanmar on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit, Obama in his brief interaction with Modi had told him that he is a “man of action”.
On his return from the 10-day trip to the Asia Pacific region that took him to Beijing, Myanmar and Australia, Obama announced that he has accepted an invitation to be the chief guest at the annual Republic Day Parade in New Delhi on January 26 next year.
In his interaction at the business round table, Obama said the US, over the last six years, has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and the rest of the advanced world combined.
The growth of emerging markets have been slower than anticipated, he noted.
“The overall global picture is people continue to look to America for economic leadership. We need some other engines to be pulling the global economy along and we’re pursuing diplomatic policies and consultations to try to encourage that,” Obama said.
The United States stands out as an economy that is going strong at the moment, he said, adding that is not the case with other countries of the world.
“Japan is contracting in a way that has surprised many analysts and I know surprised Prime Minister Abe. He’s got new elections. There’s a delay in the consumption tax, the second phase of it, that was slated to go into effect. They’re pursuing fairly aggressive monetary policy,” Obama said.
“But I don’t know whether they’re going to be able to pull out of the current variation on what’s been a pretty long-term slump any time soon, and they’ve still got some debt overhang that they’ve got to address,” he said.
Obama pointed out that in Europe, the debate has generally been framed as austerity and prudence promoted by the Germans versus a desire for a looser set of fiscal policies among the southern countries.
“If you look, the truth is, is that Spain, France, to a lesser extent Italy — most of the big countries in the south have been engaging in some pretty serious structural reforms. They haven’t done everything that they need to do in terms of providing labour flexibility, for example, but they are making strides in addressing many of those issues,” Obama said.
“But right now, what you’ve got is an environment in which the dangers of deflation and really weak demand in Europe chronically, over a long period of time, I think are more significant than dangers of overheating economies and inflation in the European Union,” he said.
China, he noted, is trying to shift away from a model that was entirely export driven to a model that recognises they need stronger demand inside the country.
“And they’ve got a nascent, but growing middle class starting to have enough confidence to spend some money,” he added.

Robots sell Nestle s coffee machines in JapanDec 04, 2014 at 10:55am IST
Robots sell Nestle's coffee machines in Japan
19
2
Tokyo: Move over George Clooney - Nestle has added a fleet of chirpy robots to sell its coffee machines in Japanese stores.
The Hollywood heart-throb, who is the global face of the Swiss giant's Nespresso brand, has been joined by Pepper, a cheeky and chatty android, which its makers claim can answer customers' questions, to promote its Nescafe marque.
"How do you enjoy coffee? Number one: An eye-opener coffee; Number two: A post-meal cup of coffee," Pepper asked a TV personality at a promotion event Monday.
SoftBank Corp's human-like robot named "Pepper" gestures as it introduces Nestle's coffee machines at an electric shop in Tokyo. (REUTERS/Issei Kato)
#robots #pepper #nestle #coffee machines
The 120-centimetre (four-foot) tall robot has a human-like face perched on top of a white plastic body, with rollers and what looks like a tablet computer on its chest.
The gimmick will eventually see 1,000 stores across Japan with their own Pepper, which makers say can understand up to 80 percent of conversations.
The robots will "help us discover consumer needs through conversations between our customers and Pepper," said a joint statement from Nestle and SoftBank, whose French arm Aldebaran developed the technology.
Pepper, which was unveiled in June by SoftBank president Masayoshi Son, already sells mobile phones at SoftBank's 74 Japanese stores, where it has been used to collect customers' opinions.
Engineers claim the robot's artificial intelligence has allowed it to expand its conversational ability by listening to what customers say.
The robot will go on sale to the public in February, with a price tag of 198,000 yen ($1,670) plus monthly fees.
George Clooney, meanwhile, will not.
5

Just for once  Aussies show they have a softer side tooWritten by Bharat Sundaresan |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:17 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 5:27 pm
Australia doesn’t do mushy. It kind of abhors it. If you are one of those who have seen Masterchef and thought they’re all as cuddly and teddy-bearish, like the judges and the participants on the show, you in for a rude shock. Not to say that the Aussies are rude. They’re not. They’re a courteous lot. The other day, a lady gave up her spot in a long queue at the check-in counter to help an old man get a wheelchair at the Sydney airport.
You are never far away from a “G’day mate”, and in contrast to the reputation that precedes them, they smile and laugh a lot, especially when they’re holding a beer can or a mug in their hands.
But Down Under, they don’t believe in giving a quarter, not that they expect one from you.
Hit a bump in life? Looking for someone to say it’s ok? No, you’re not getting an “Aww” from an Aussie. More like an “Aww, shake it off and get on with it mate.” For the rest of the world, Australia is all about brawny men guzzling beer, women with blonde hair speaking with a nasal twang and surf boards.
And of course, the sun, the sand and the shades. And speaking of shades, there were few at the Adelaide Oval who didn’t sport a pair on Wednesday afternoon. The sunglasses ranged from oval, to circular to the oblique. But they all were armed with dark lens, the darker the better. For, on Wednesday Australia wasn’t covering its eyes from the searing sun. It was instead trying its best to conceal its new-found tryst with its maudlin side. One that has surfaced and taken hold ever since Phillip Hughes was felled with a bouncer last week before he succumbed tragically to the resultant injury. And as they soaked in the emotionally-charged eulogies being read out from Macksville on the big screens placed around the Adelaide Oval, even the dark shades could barely contain the untold grip of sorrow that had gripped the nation.
Princess Diana moment
It wasn’t just the lady in red with the knitted purse who had tears rolling down her cheeks. It was the burly ex-serviceman to her left with the jowl and a dragon tattoo. And also the greying investment banker in his beige vest and coat to her right. It was almost like Australia was letting go of its inhibitions, all at once. With his unfortunate passing, Phillip Hughes had busted the myth of the Aussie stereotype.
On Tuesday, Greg Chappell referred to Hughes’ death and the subsequent outpouring of love and compassion from all corners as Australia’s Princess Diana moment. Once you hear a Chappell speak about anything with empathy, you know that the Aussies have gone a touch softer in the last week.
The ghastly death aside, it’s the fact continued…

Will Yuvraj Singh make World Cup probablesWritten by Shamik Chakrabarty | Kolkata |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:59 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 1:27 pm
Out of those 15 players who were part of the Cup-winning campaign only Dhoni, Kohli, Raina and Ashwin remain as permanent fixtures in the Indian ODI team. Compared to the side which won the World Cup in 2011, changes will come across as drastic when the national selectors meet in Mumbai on Thursday to pick the 30-member probables for the upcoming 2015 World Cup.
Sachin Tendulkar is happily retired, Sreesanth is banned for life for his alleged involvement in IPL spot-fixing, while the likes of Munaf Patel, Ashish Nehra, Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir appear to have past their sell-by dates now.
Down to Yuvraj, Harbhajan — out of favour at the moment but still harbouring hopes of returning to the fold. Yuvraj won the Player of the Tournament award. But he has been completely out of sorts at the moment with only one half-century in this season’s Vijay Hazare Trophy. Harbhajan, too, is not making an impact in domestic cricket, even though he bowled well in the IPL and Champions League T20. The selectors have a tough call to make. According to a source close to the selection committee, if Yuvraj and Harbhajan are picked for the preliminary squad, it would be difficult to omit them from the final list.
The batting line-up is well settled. So is the spin bowling department. Axar Patel’s emergence has given the side more options and flexibility.

Honour Hughes by playing against India: Lehmann to Australian teamcricket
Recovering from the shock of Phillip Hughes’ tragic death, Australian coach Darren Lehmann is hoping that the distraught cricketers would honour the late batsman’s memory by playing the opening Test against India here even though they are under no pressure to turn up.
The home side is under tremendous emotional stress following Hughes’ death after being hit by a bouncer during a domestic game.
The entire squad attended the batsman’s funeral in his hometown of Macksville and skipper Michael Clarke broke down while reading out his tribute to the player he called his little brother. The distressed squad flew to Adelaide today for the opening match against India starting December 9.
“We hope the boys can find the inner strength to play the game in the way Phillip would have wanted in Adelaide next week and that they can honour what he had done,” Lehmann wrote in his column for ‘The Australian’
“We want to hold his values close to our heart and that means playing cricket the way he did, with a love of the game and a smile. It’s going to be hard and if somebody is struggling Michael and I understand. There is no pressure on them,” he added.
Lehmann said those who choose not to play would be cared for.
“We will look after them and we will help them get back to the place where they can play,” he said.
Meanwhile, former Australia captain Mark Taylor said the best way to honour Hughes’ memory is to play the Test.
“I also think it’s going to be difficult for them to move on and I think until they start playing cricket again they won’t actually move on,” Taylor said.
“So I think it will be part of the healing process when they do play in Adelaide next Tuesday,” Taylor added.

http://usat.ly/1tFCwfODow, S&P 500 notch record closes
The Dow ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 notch record closes The Dow ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CF4e5U
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 notch record closes
Jane Onyanga-Omara and Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 4:22 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve's Interest rates Mario Draghi the Fed rescue squad system Investors Europe's
Adam Shell reports: Europe’s economy is still sick, and inflation is way too low. Can the European Central Bank do more to stem the downward spiral? Video by Jason Allen
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  Europe's economy is still sick and inflation is way too
00:04  low. And to the rescue squad the European Central Bank. Will
00:09  they do more to stem the downward spiral. I have madam
00:12  shell and this is America's markets. ECB led by Mario Draghi
00:22  meets Thursday. So Walsh we will find out soon if there
00:26  ready to pump more stimulus into the system. Investors say another
00:30  jolt is needed to jumpstart growth in the Euro zone. A
00:34  reading on private sector activity in the Euro zone it is
00:37  sixteen month low last month. And inflation is just a few
00:40  kicks from flat lining. It's not like ECB isn't trying to
00:44  revive its wobbly economy. Interest rates are at record lows it's
00:48  making new cheaper loans to banks. It's also been buying covered
00:52  bonds and other asset backed securities to get more cash flowing
00:56  through the veins of the economy. But those steps haven't cured
00:59  the problem. What she wants the ECB to take a page
01:03  from the Federal Reserve's crisis plan. They want Draghi to start
01:07  buying government bonds like the Fed did during the financial crisis
01:11  with its quantitative easing program known as few week. And not
01:15  shell QE works like this. The ECB would buy government bonds
01:19  from regular banks that hold them. The hope is those banks
01:22  then use the extra cash they get from the bond sales
01:26  to make loans. Healy also helps push down barring costs. Draghi
01:31  hinted last week that full blown QE is on the table.
01:34  But Wall Street doesn't think he will pull the trigger tomorrow.
01:38  Why the ECB wants to give its current lose the chance
01:41  to work. There's also legal questions surrounding the plant still hopes
01:45  for new more aggressive stimulus from the ECB early next year
01:49  are on the rise. Investors wanna hear Draghi say he's ready
01:53  to pull the trigger soon on its own QE program. Anything
01:58  less will likely disappoint market.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
37 CONNECT 100 TWEET 9 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks climbed a bit Wednesday, with the Dow and S&P 500 notching all-time closing highs as economic reports showed steady growth on jobs and in other fronts.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 0.2% -- and therefore above its record close of the previous session. The S&P 500's 0.4% gain was enough to send that broader index past its previous record close set exactly one week ago.
After its gain of 33 points, the blue-chip Dow settled at its new high of 17,912.62. The S&P 500's new number to beat is 2074.33, an increase for the day of nearly 8 points.
Finishing 0.4% higher, the Nasdaq composite ended the day at 4774.47.
On Tuesday, the Dow hit a new all-time closing high of 17,879.55 – about 51 points above the prior record close set Friday.
Monthly Markets Checkup: 6 things for December
The private sector added 208,000 jobs in November , payroll processor ADP said Wednesday, as the labor market continued to defy mixed economic news.
Economists had estimated ADP would report 226,000 new private sector jobs, according to Action Economics' survey. They expect the Labor Department's closely watched survey on Friday to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.
Services firms expanded at a faster pace in November , a signal that overall economic growth should remain robust. The Institute for Supply Management says its services index rose to 59.3 last month, up from 57.1 in October.
Worker productivity increased in the July-September quarter at a slightly faster pace than previously estimated while labor costs declined for a second straight quarter. Productivity, the amount of output per hour of work, increased at an annual rate of 2.3% in the third quarter while labor costs fell at a rate of 1%, the Labor Department reported Wednesday.
European stocks ended mixed.
In Asia on Wednesday, Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose 0.32% and Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 0.95%.
The Russian ruble has extended a week of decline, fueled by low oil prices and Western sanctions against Russia over its role in Ukraine's crisis.
The ruble traded 1.7% lower at 54.8 against the U.S. dollar on Wednesday morning, losing over 16% of its value in the past five trading days.
Contributing: Associated Press.

Uri s border villages with Kashmiri Pandit population excited about J&K electionD P Satish , IBNLive.com | Dec 04, 2014 at  11:34am IST
Lagama (Near Uri in Baramulla district of Jammu & Kashmir): Lagama is a small non-nondescript village less than 4 KM from Uri on Srinagar-Muzaffarabad national highway. The terrain is hilly and the entire village of less than 2000 population is perched on the slopes of a high mountain. River Jheelum flows just below the mountains and the Line of Control with Pakistan is just 20 KM from the village.
Lagama occupies a very important place in the current history of Kashmir because of its Kashmiri Pandit population. This village has not seen turbulent days like most other villages with the Kashmiri Pandit population.
The Pandits have stayed in Lagama even during the height of militancy. According to Bharat Kumar Sharma, an old resident of the village and a local Congress leader, less than 10-15 Pandit families left Uri area during the height of militancy in the 1990s.
Lagama occupies a very important place in the current history of Kashmir because of its Kashmiri Pandit population.
Three villages near Uri - Lagama, Bandi and Dyari - still have a sizable number of Pandits living there. Bharat Kumar Sharma puts the number of Pandits in the area at 2000-2500.
He said, "We never faced any problem here. It is very close to the Pakistan border. Local Muslims are very helpful and cooperative. Even during the height of militancy, nobody troubled us or asked us to leave."
Sharma has even served as the Chairman of Uri Municipal Committee. He was elected from Lagama on a Congress ticket.
He said, "If the situation was bad or the Hindu-Muslim relationship was not good, I would not have been elected as the chairman of a Municipal Committee which has 13,000 voters. Here, we live like one big family. We care for each other."
Talking about Prime Minister Narendra Modi led BJP which is trying to make inroads into the Kashmir valley, he said that the BJP would not succeed in efforts. He felt that the people vote on the basis of local issues and the people of Uri favour the local MLA and minister Taj Mohiuddin of the Congress over all other candidates in the fray.
Local Pandit voters praise Taj Mohiuddin for the work he did after the devastating earthquake in 2005. They claim that he is very close to his voters and always there for them. He is one of the very few Congress leaders who has a very strong chance of winning from his seat comfortably.
Bharat Kumar Sharma runs a construction company called Bharat Constructions and and also works as a government contractor.
He says that Kashmiri Pandits in Lagama are an integral part of the local life. Most of them are in government jobs and the others do agriculture and trade. He said, "We are inseparable."
The village looks very peaceful and has all the signs of a village which has Hindu population.
A 17-year-old boy Kewal Krishan Raina also says that he never felt insecure in his village.
He said, "I was born and brought up here. I am happy and never felt insecure. I want to become a software engineer. I have already taken the entrance exam. Next year I have to leave my village. I feel sad. Life is so good here."
When IBNLive asked them about the Kashmiri Pandits who were forced to leave the valley in the 1990s and the Pandits killed by the militants, they say that they won't comment on what their fellow Pandits have gone through and prefer to remain silent.
Most of the Pandits live in Lagama village while the rest of them are in neighbouring Bandi and Dyari villages.
One more interesting thing is these Pandits speak Kashmiri and most of their Muslim neighbours speak local dialects of the hills and not Kashmiri. It also has a small number of Sikhs who migrated from Muzaffarabad in Pakistan in 1947. They speak Punjabi, which is slightly different from the Punjabi spoken elsewhere.
Talking about the situation in the area, a 67-year-old Sikh farmer Swaranjit Singh said, "We are very happy here. We have no problem. Uri is on the border. But we are safe. No one troubled us in the past. Both the Hindu Pandits and the Sikhs are safe."
These villages have Hindu temples and the community celebrates festivals and follows Hindu rituals. Every year one or two weddings also take place here.
According to Sharma these three villages together have 1100 Pandit voters and most of them vote in the elections. Many Pandit villagers said that they were excited about the Assembly election.
The Army also has a huge presence in these areas and the entire stretch is heavily guarded because of its geographical closeness to Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK).
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Indian sage Kanad conducted nuke test lakhs of years ago: BJP MPA sage in India conducted a nuclear test centuries ago, Uttarakhand's former chief minister Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank has said in Parliament, adding a fresh chapter to a narrative that draws upon faith system.
File photo of Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank. (AFP Photo)
Officially, the world acknowledges India has conducted two sets of nuclear tests - 1974 and 1998. What's more, India spent a long time in nuclear wilderness on account of these tests.
Going by Nishank, the world need not have bothered.
"Today we are talking about nuclear tests. Lakhs of years ago, Sage Kanad had conducted a nuclear test. Our knowledge and science do not lack anything," the Indian Express quoted him as saying in Parliament on Wednesday.
Sage Kanad is believed to have lived around the 2nd century BC.
Nishank, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP from Haridwar, also seconded Prime Minister Narendra Modi's citing of plastic surgery and genetic science with reference to Lord Ganesha getting an elephant trunk and birth of Karna.
"People are raising questions on Modiji's comments on Ganesha's surgery. It was actually a surgery. The science available to us is not available elsewhere in the world… science or knowledge to transplant a severed head existed only in India."
Nishank also batted for astrology, saying it is the topmost science in the world. He said our ancient astrologers dwarfed all other sciences.
The Haridwar MP's comments triggered a protest from Left members even as he said there should be a "proper discussion on it and it should get the respect it deserves".
Nishank's comments are in line with a series of assertions doing the rounds of late; the most notable being from retired school headmaster Dinanath Batra who got American academic Wendy Doniger's book on Hinduism pulped on the grounds that it insulted Hindus.
Batra has written books as well. Earlier this year, the Gujarat government mandated some of them as supplementary reading for its primary and secondary students.
From preaching about ancient India's gurukul style of learning, redrawing the Indian map to include other countries to interpreting history through stories about rishi-munis (sages and seers), dev-daanav (deities and demons) and "heroes" of pre-Independence India, these books try to conform to "Bharatiya sanskriti" (Indian culture).

The Nifty call: Go short with stop-loss at 8 610December 4, 2014:  
Nifty December Futures (8,572)
The Nifty futures contract opened with a large upward gap today at 8,619.75. But it failed to hold on to its gains and fell sharply after recording a high of 8,628.85 to a low of 8,560.7. Key support for the contract is at 8,550. A break below this level will be bearish and can drag the contract lower to 8,500. On the other hand, a reversal from 8,550 will keep the sideways range intact and can take the contract higher towards 8,600 again.
However, the inability to breach and hold above 8,600 decisively keeps the bias bearish. There is a strong likelihood of a break and fall below 8,550 towards 8,500 in the coming sessions.
Traders with a short-term perspective can go short at current levels. Stop-loss can be placed at 8,610 for the target of 8,510. Intraday rallies to 8,600 can be considered to accumulate short positions.
Strategy: Go short with a stop-loss at 8,610
Supports: 8,550, 8,500
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Sensex  Nifty rangebound; Cipla up 2.5%Sensex, Nifty rangebound; Cipla up 2.5%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 12:51 PM IST
Benchmark indices are trading flat with a positive bias in the noon trades as gains in FMCG shares cap losses. Further, firm Asian cues have bolstered the sentiments of the market participants.
Earlier, the Sensex touched the life-time high level of 28,822.37 and Nifty reached all-time high mark of 8,626.95.
At 12. 50PM, the 30-share Sensex is up 75 points at 28,518 and the 50-share Nifty is up 7 points at 8,545.
In the broader market, BSE midcap and Smallcap indices are outperforming their larger counterparts and are up 0.3% each. Market breadth is positive on the BSE with 1,361 advances against 1,280 declines.
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 391.07 crore on Wednesday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
Key Stocks:
On the sectoral front, BSE FMCG index is the top gainer up 3% followed by Capital Goods index up 0.4%. However, BSE Metal and Consumer Durables indices are losing sheen and are down 0.5% each.
ITC has emerged as the top gainer with an advance of more than 5% on reports that the government is likely to put on hold its earlier Health Ministry proposal to ban the sale of loose cigarettes. Its peer HUL is up%.
Cipla has gained around 2.5%. Cipla and Meda pharmaceuticals have sued Apotex, the largest Canadian owned pharmaceutical company, to enforce the Orange-Book listed patents covering Dymista (azelastine HCl/fluticasone propionate) Nasal Spray.
However, Sun Pharma has lost around 0.5%. Ranbaxy which is in the process of being acquired by Sun Pharma came under pressure after Germany barred the export of a particular antibiotic from its Madhya Pradesh facility.
ONGC has gained nearly 1%. Oil Minister, Dharmendra Pradhan speaking on the side-lines of an industry event ruled out the possibility of exempting ONGC from subsidy pay-outs. Earlier, the minister had informed the Rajya Sabha about government’s plans to rework the subsidy sharing formula for ONGC.
ICICI has gained around 0.7%.Earlier, the stock touched fresh record high of Rs 366 on BSE after the stock turned ex-stock split today. The private sector lender had subdivided the face value of its equity shares to Rs 2 from Rs 10.
HDFC Bank is trading with marginal gains. HDFC Bank has become the first bank to rule out a joint venture partnership with any applicant for a payment bank.“We will not do a joint venture for a payment bank. We are a full bank ourselves and so we don’t need to form an alliance,” said Aditya Puri, MD, HDFC Bank.
BHEL has lost 1.6% on profit-booking. Yesterday, the stock had surged on successful commissioning of India's first phase shifting transformer by BHEL.
RIL is trading marginally in red. The government is considering ways to recover $195.3 million from the contractor of the KG-D6 Block because it has disallowed development costs of $2.376 billion, oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan told the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.
Power stocks which rallied in the recent past are trading lower in today’s trade on account of profit taking. NTPC and Tata Power are down between 0.5-1.6%.
Metal stocks are losing sheen in today’s trade. Coal India, Hindalco and Tata Steel have lost between 1-1.6%.
HDFC, M&M, Axis Bank, GAIL and Tata Motors are some of the prominent names in red among others and are down between 1-1.2%.
Asian Markets:
Asian stocks rose on Thursday amid fresh signs of resilience in the US economy, while the euro wallowed near two-year lows before a much-anticipated European Central Bank meeting that could open the door to more stimulus.
Tokyo's Nikkei climbed 1%, touching a new seven-year high, with sentiment buoyed by media projections suggesting a strong win for Japanese premier Shinzo Abe's coalition at the Dec 14 election. A victory for Abe could lead to a new mandate for his "Abenomics" policies to revive the economy.Following the tandem, Hang Seng, Straits Times and Shanghai Composite gained between 0.3-5%.

Proud that my son laid down his life for countryWritten by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:51 am
Hundreds of villagers on Wednesday turned up at a graveyard in Buran-Pattan in north Kashmir’s Baramulla district to pay last respects to Mohammad Shafi Bhat, one of the 14 CRPF personnel who were killed fighting Naxals in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma on Monday.
Shafi, 33, is survived by wife Haseena Akthar and two children. He had joined the CRPF in 2006 and served in different parts of the country.
Family members said three weeks ago Shafi had left his native village, located on the Srinagar-Baramulla highway, with a promise that he would visit them in spring. “He had promised that he will come again to home in spring. But, we can never see him again,’’ said his father Mehrajudin Bhat, who used to work with J&K’s Power Development Department.
“My son had joined the CRPF because he wanted to serve the country as a soldier. I am proud that he laid down his life for the country,’’ he said. Mehrajudin, however, is now worried about the future of Shafi’s wife and his two children. “To look after his family is my only concern.’’
Top J&K police and civil officials were present when the body of Shafi was laid to rest at the local graveyard. Since, the news of Shafi’s death broke in the village, people from neighbouring villages also visited the bereaved family.
Shafi is the first youth from the Valley who was killed fighting Maoists.
Shafi’s brother Bashir Ahmad blamed the Chhattisgarh government for his death. “My brother always used to tell me that the Maoists have automatic firearms, while the CRPF personnel are ill-equipped,’’ he said, adding, “Neither the state nor the Centre care for poor CRPF jawans who are fighting the Maoists in remote parts of the country”.
Shafi’s friend and neighbour Fayaz Ahmed said, “He used to help villagers when ever he was here on the holidays. As the young man has laid down his life for the country, it is now duty of the Centre and the state government to take care of his wife and children.’’

Archies tanks 7% post promoter offload stakeDec 04, 2014, 12.52 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Archies tanks 7% post promoter offload stake
Varun Moolchandani, who holds 6.01 percent stake as of September 2014, sold 2.6 lakh equity shares (or 0.8 percent shareholding) at Rs 35.4 apiece through a block deal on Wednesday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Archies tanks 7% post promoter offload stake
Varun Moolchandani, who holds 6.01 percent stake as of September 2014, sold 2.6 lakh equity shares (or 0.8 percent shareholding) at Rs 35.4 apiece through a block deal on Wednesday.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Archies fell as much as 7.2 percent intraday Thursday after promoter Varun Moolchandani offloaded some stake in the company through a block deal on the National Stock Exchange.
Varun Moolchandani, who holds 6.01 percent stake as of September 2014 , sold 2.6 lakh equity shares (or 0.8 percent shareholding) at Rs 35.4 apiece through a block deal on Wednesday.
Total promoter shareholding in the top greeting card maker stood at 61.74 percent as of September 2014. Anil Moolchandani, Jagdish Moolchandani and Pushpa Moolchandani have 20.11 percent, 12.59 percent and 8.78 percent stake in the company, respectively while Karan Moolchandani, Raghav Moolchandani and Neeru Moolchandani held 13.81 percent stake.
 
At 12:41 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 31.70, down Rs 2.35, or 6.90 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Take Rs 50 000 and abort  Bihar panchayat tells raped girlDec 04, 2014 at 12:23pm IST
Take Rs 50,000 and abort, Bihar panchayat tells raped girl
70
0
Patna: A panchayat in Bihar has ordered a girl, who was raped by four brothers and is now seven months pregnant, to take Rs 50,000 and undergo an abortion, police said on Thursday.
"The victim along with her mother and informed me that four brothers of her village raped her seven months back and now she is seven months pregnant," said police official Sweta Gupta over telephone from Kishanganj, about 400 km from Patna.
"When she approached the village panchayat, seeking justice and punishment against the accused, the panchayat members ordered her take Rs 50,000 to undergo an abortion. But she refused it," Gupta added.
Four brothers of the girl's village allegedly raped her seven months back and now she is seven months pregnant.
#rape #sexual assault #bihar #panchayat
It was the panchayat of village Packola Palashmani in Kishanganj district that gave the order.
The 16-year-old victim is daughter of a migrant worker who works in Rajasthan to support the poor family of six. The victim's mother works as a daily wage labourer in an agriculture field.
Gupta said an FIR has been lodged and a probe has begun. "We are trying to arrest the accused and take action against the panchayat member," she said.
She said the victim was afraid to approach police after panchayat members threatened her.
The police official also said nearly half a dozen similar cases have been reported to her in last month.
"After I joined duty here, five girls, mostly from the Muslim community, have filed similar complaints of being raped and getting pregnant," she said.
"I am stunned to know that several girls were raped but they failed to inform their parents. Such cases come to light only when they get pregnant few months later," she said.
Kishanganj is a Muslim dominated district as the community makes up for around 70 per cent of the population. It is one of the most backward districts in the state with high poverty rate and low levels of literacy.
21

Chhattisgarh: Row over Sukma martyrs  uniforms a mischief by political parties  says DIG top boss41
1
Raipur: A day after the after blood-stained uniforms and shoes of some of the CRPF personnel who were killed in the Sukma Naxal attack were found in a garbage bin on the hospital premises, the blame game has begun.
DIG, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) called the act a mischief by some political parties to seek advantage. "Congress workers came and took all uniforms to Ghadi Chowk and started protest and refused to give to local police. It is a mischief by some political parties," he said. He also assured probe into the incident and added that they have full respect for the martyrs.
The hospital staff, too, tried to pass the buck over the incident claiming that no one came to collect the uniforms. "It is the duty of the attendants of the deceased to collect their belongings but no officer from the CRPF was present during the post-mortem yesterday. In fact, no one came to collect the belongings until this morning," Dean of Dr BR Ambedkar Memorial hospital Dr Vivek Chaudhary said.
#chhattisgarh #chhattisgarh encounter #sukma #crpf
District Congress chief Vikas Upadhyay and others visited Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Memorial Hospital and took away the uniforms and other belongings of the martyrs to the Congress office.
"We collected four sets of blood-stained uniforms and 10 pairs of shoes and carried those to Congress Bhawan. Later, CRPF officials came here and we handed over all the belongings to them," he added.
Meanwhile, the Home Ministry has sought a report from Chhattisgarh government over the incident. "I have spoken to the Prime Minister and have asked full inquiry into the incident," Home Minister Rajnath Singh said.
Fourteen CRPF personnel, including two officers, were killed on Monday in a Naxal attack in the Chintagufa region of South Bastar's Sukma district.
17

Toyota recalls cars in Japan  China for air bagsToyota recalls cars in Japan  China for air bags
China stks close highest since 2011 | Nikkei closes at new 7-yr highYou are here: Home > Collections
China stocks jump over 4 per cent, close at highest since July 2011
Reuters Dec 4, 2014, 01.07PM IST
Tags:
Bank of China
(The CSI300 index of…)
SHANGHAI: China stocks soared to their highest level since mid-2011 on Thursday, led by financial and oil shares, as the market's rally on expectations of further economic stimulus measures showed no signs of losing steam.
Most economists believe it is not a question of whether Beijing will roll out more support measures but when, with many expecting both further interest rate cuts and reductions in banks' reserve requirement ratios (RRR).
The CSI300 index of the largest listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen rose 4.6 percent, its biggest one-day percentage gain since July 2013, to 3,104.35 points.
The CSI300 has now surged 20 percent since the central bank unexpectedly cut interest rates on Nov. 21, stepping up efforts to support the world's second-biggest economy as it heads towards its slowest expansion in nearly a quarter of a century.
The Shanghai Composite Index gained 4.4 percent, its biggest daily percentage gain since December 2012.
Almost all of the 19 listed brokerages soared over 9 percent on expectations that more investors will pile into the market, with 14 brokerages hitting their 10 percent daily limit.
Oil shares also performed strongly, with China's biggest energy firms PetroChina hitting its 10 percent daily limit.
Among the most active stocks in Shanghai were Bank Of China , up 3.2 percent to 3.52 yuan; Minsheng Bank , up 9.37 percent to 8.99 yuan and Everbright Bank , up 6.00 percent to 4.24 yuan.
In Shenzhen, BOE Technology, up 3.1 percent to 2.99 yuan; TCL Corp , up 1.5 percent to 3.51 yuan and Changjiang Securities, up 10.0 percent to 12.47 yuan were among the most actively traded.
Foreign investment flowing into Shanghai from Hong Kong through the mutual market access pilot programme took up 3.52 billion yuan of the 13 billion yuan daily quota.
Total volume of A shares traded in Shanghai was 53.2 billion shares, while Shenzhen volume was 27.3 billion shares.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Macquarie sees Nifty @ 9 940; top 10 stock bets | Nifty at new highMacquarie sees Nifty hitting 9,940 levels; top ten stocks to bet on
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 03.31PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(India's impressive return…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index has rallied over 35 per cent so far in the year 2014, but the rally is still not over, says Macquarie, which sees another 16 per cent rise in the index from current levels in the next 12 months to 9,940.
India's impressive return of over 35 per cent in 2014 YTD has been driven by 15 per cent PER rerating and 19 per cent forward EPS growth. The current multiple of 15x PER and 3x P/B are a tad above long-term average and consistent with implied 6.5-7% GDP growth, says global brokerage firm, Macquarie in a note.
Despite the outperformance relative to global markets, the Indian market is still below previous valuation peaks. The brokerage firm believes that the market can re-rate further to 16-17x if economic recovery is stronger than expected. Their 12-month Nifty target is 9940 based on 15x FY17E EPS.
Operating and financial leverage can play out because consensus is forecasting 19 per cent PAT growth for FY16E, driven by 14 per cent revenue growth and 50bps margin expansion.
However, this is much lower than the 40 per cent growth levels seen in previous up-cycles and doesn't factor in the impact of operating and financial leverage as demand improves, inflation abates and interest rates ease.
The sharp fall in crude oil prices has addressed India's immediate problems of CAD, FD and more importantly, inflation. The government has begun the reform process in earnest and has made good headway, with FDI in Defence and Railways, Diesel deregulation, Auction of coal and mineral resources, Labour reforms, etc.
"FDI in Insurance , GST and simplifying the land acquisition process are on the anvil. Rate cut expectations are justifiably increasing with inflation well within the RBI's target of below 6% by Jan 2016," added the report.
The global brokerage firm is of the view that all these factors may improve visibility of GDP growth, which we see picking up from 5.4% in FY15 to 6.5% in FY16 and 7-8% range by FY17.
Top stocks to bet on:
Among large cap names, Macquarie is bullish on Axis Bank , ICICI Bank , L&T, Maruti Suzuki and TCS. In the mid-cap space, the global brokerage firm is positive on Strides Arcolab, JSW Energy, TVS Motors, Crompton Greaves and Yes Bank .
FEATURED ARTICLES

New Record: Views on Gangnam Style video force You Tube to upgrade its softwareJust how big a hit was "Gangnam Style"? So mammoth that the Internet literally wasn't ready to handle it!
A still from the original Gangnam style video.
YouTube said that the 2012 song by South Korea's Psy-- accompanied by a horse-riding-like dance that became a global sensation-- this week reached the maximum number of views that its counter had imagined to be conceivable.
The video-sharing site shows that the official version of the video has had more than 2.15 billion views -- the equivalent of one-third of the world's population, although of course many people watched more than once.
The problem: YouTube designed its counter with what is known in computer science as a 32-bit integer, meaning that the maximum number of countable views was 2,147,483,647.
"We never thought a video would be watched in numbers greater than a 32-bit integer," YouTube, which is owned by search engine giant Google, said in a posting on Google+.
YouTube engineers anticipated the problem and upgraded to a 64-bit integer. That means that "Gangnam Style" or future mega-hit videos can now go beyond nine sextillion views -- a feat that, at least according to conventional wisdom, would be impossible to break.

Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti s remarks  strongly disapproved  by PM in RSPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Breaking his silence, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today “strongly disapproved” of Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s controversial remarks, saying such language should be avoided.
With Opposition stalling proceedings in Rajya Sabha for past three days demanding sacking of the minister, Modi appealed to members to allow the House to function in national interest as she has already apologised.
“I was informed about the statement which caused the controversy on the day BJP Parliamentary Party was to meet. In the meeting I strongly disapproved of the remarks and I said we should avoid using such language,” he said.
In election heat, he said, leaders should avoid using such language.
Modi said after the minister’s apology the matter should rest and the House resume in normal functioning.
The Prime Minister said Jyoti is a first time minister and a new member of Parliament and the House should show magnanimity by accepting her apology considering this.
“When the Minister has apologised, I appeal and request the House (to resume normal business)… In national interest, we must carry forward work (of the House),” he said, adding members should maintain decorum.
Modi said he shared the view that after the minister’s apology, the matter should be considered closed.
Modi came to the House when it reassembled after a 15-minute adjournment forced by the opposition members demanding resignation of the minister.
As soon as the House met for the day, the entire opposition was on its feet to press for the demand.
As Deputy Chairman P J Kurien asked ministers to lay the listed papers, slogan shouting Congress members trooped into the Well.
The slogan shouting continued even after he took up Zero Hour mentions.
With members unrelenting, he adjourned the House for 15 minutes.
When the House reassembled, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said the Prime Minister wants to make a statement and he be allowed to do so.
After Modi’s statement, Anand Sharma (Cong) said the Prime Minister should take strong action against the minister as the Constitution does not permit such utterances.
Finance Minister and Leader of House Arun Jaitley said the Opposition had been demanding that the Prime Minister come to the House and make a statement. Now that Modi has made the statement, the House should get on to its business, he said.
Sitaram Yechuri (CPI-M) said the minister had not apologised and had merely expressed regret.
“Assuming that she has apologised… you apologise only when you have done some wrong,” he said, demanding action against the minister.
As opposition members refused to resume their seats and treasury benches objected to the repeated disruptions even after Prime Minister’s statement, Kurien said members were yesterday complaining that their Zero Hour concerns could not be taken up due to disruptions.
“You are losing Zero Hour. Don’t blame me,” he said.
Kurien said the issue has been under discussion for three days and no further discussion can be allowed. “You cannot have discussion on the same subject every day,” he said.
When Tiruchi Siva (DMK) asked as to why the Chair was depriving opportunity to one side to speak, Kurien shot back saying, “Don’t cast aspersions on the Chair… You are depriving right of 15 members (who gave Zero Hour notice).”
Kurien said he has allowed Sharad Yadav (JD-U) to speak as he is a senior member and after his statement Zero Hour will be taken up.
Yadav (JD-U) said this is not the first time that such a statement has been made and there have been several such statements to vitiate communal atmosphere.
As pandemonium continued, Kurien adjourned the House till noon.

Different voices in govt over Saradha probePeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Government appeared to speak in different voices with a minister telling Parliament that probe has so far not revealed that Saradha chit fund money was used to finance terror in Bangladesh, contradicting BJP Chief Amit Shah’s allegation of such a connection.
“The investigation has so far not revealed any such transaction where money was routed to Bangladesh to fund terrorist activities,” Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh told the Lok Sabha in a written response.
Addressing a rally in Kolkata on Sunday, Shah had alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast, which is being probed for link with Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) terror outfit.
“Saradha chit fund money was used in the Burdwan blast. The NIA is not being allowed to probe the blast properly. Hurdles are being created. It is being done in order to save  Trinamool Congress (TMC) leaders who are involved in the blast,” Shah had alleged, attacking the Trinamool Congress.
As the Opposition, especially Trinamool Congress (TMC) attacked Shah, Union Minister Babul Supriyo, elected on BJP ticket from West Bengal, expressed surprise over Jitendra Singh’s statement and alleged that ruling TMC and its MPs had links with terror plot in Bangladesh.
“I came to know about Jitendra Singh’s statement a little while back. There is a different reason. There were a lot of responsible minds who acted very fast to ensure that the state government has evidence, proofs and it has been recorded in front of several TV cameras.
“The state government was instrumental in destroying evidence that could prove state government’s, TMC’s or their MPs’ connection with the terror plot that is not only West Bengal centric but also finds its way into Bangladesh and neighbouring countries.
“So it was very smart of the central government to get NIA into the act. NIA is right now doing a very comprehensive research into the entire act. I got to know what Jitendra Singh said a while ago. I need to find out why he said so,” Supriyo told reporters outside Parliament.
Jitendra Singh was asked whether the government has sought details of the probe into the Saradha chit fund scam after reports indicated that a part of the money was routed to Bangladesh to fund terror activities. Singh replied that government has not sought details of the probe.

Panel to submit report on Insurance Bill in Dec 8Parliamentary panel to submit report on Insurance Bill in Dec 8
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 14:07 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
A Parliamentary Committee, set up for examining the Insurance Bill, will be presenting its report on December 8 amidst strong reservations by some parties like Trinamool Congress (TMC) and the Left.
The Insurance Bill aims to raise the foreign direct investment (FDI) cap in the insurance sector to 49 per cent.
The draft of the report is expected to be circulated among members of the Select Committee on Friday, according to indications emerging from a meeting of the panel on Wednesday.
At the meeting, there were protests by members of TMC and CPI (M) who contended that the process was being hurried up without giving enough time to the members to put forth their views, sources told PTI on Wednesday.
Members of the two parties, which are opposed to raising the cap from 26 per cent, were critical of the functioning of the Committee headed by Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) Chandan Mitra, the sources said.
The two-hour-long meeting on Wednesday was a high decibel one, a member of the Committee said. TMC is likely to give a dissent note to the report.
The Committee, which was set up in August, was on November 25 given two more weeks till December 12 to submit its report, but not before Opposition parties raised questions over the procedure for seeking extension of the timeline.

Developed countries should compensate for emissions: IndiaIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
Asserting that it has been a strong champion of equity, India said developed countries should compensate developing nations for the effects their greenhouse gas emissions have had on climate.
Susheel Kumar, interim head of the Indian delegation, said India’s goal on adaptation during the UN climate change summit talks here is for it “to be there in the entire text.”
“We would also like a long-term global goal for adaptation to be clearly articulated in qualitative and quantitative terms.” Kumar said, adding that “for a developing country, adaptation becomes a more immediate need (than mitigation).”
Ministerial-level talks will begin next week which will be attended by Environment Minister Prakash Javedkar on December 7.
“India has always been a strong champion for equity,” Kumar said.
India would like developed countries to compensate developing nations for the effects their emissions have had on climate.
India believes that developed countries should be held responsible for their high levels of emissions which have caused harm to developing countries, like itself. That responsibility should come in the form of compensation and a fair 2015 Paris agreement.
He explained that it is “not equitable to talk about what a country is emitting now” because that country could be currently reducing their emissions.
However, Kumar said that fact “does not absolve them of all (past) sins.”
He also referred to the Germanwatch’s Global Climate Risk Index 2015, a study measuring which countries suffer from the most extreme weather-related events based on data from 1994-2013, as a way to quantify adaptation.
India ranks third behind the Philippines and Cambodia in vulnerability but the index does not take into account India’s much larger population compared to the other two countries.
Along with state climate action plans submitted by 29 states to the Parliament, Kumar also mentioned the efforts of the government through the National Adaptation Fund, the goal of which is to provide capacity building, technology and financial support to domestic adaptation projects.
“It is already the time for negative emissions from developed countries,” Kumar said during a meeting with the press and civil society conference attendees.
India’s position is that no country’s right to development should be circumscribed and that the developing world must carry a unified voice over the course of the Lima talks if there is any hope for an equitable agreement, he asserted.
Currently, adaptation talks are progressing but text-based negotiations have not begun as yet as countries are still trying to determine what they will put forth in their final papers.
India’s Intended Nationally Determined Contribution (INDC) will likely not be ready until June 2015. The government plans to put forth a national plan lasting not less than 10 years, but preferably 15 years.
India is opposed to any international review of its INDC before the end of specified timeline of 10 or 15 years.
That “would take away the ‘nationally determined’ part of the INDC concept,” Kumar said.
Meanwhile, the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO) has declared 2014 as the hottest year on record.
The urgency in the conference halls in Lima was heightened by the WMO announcement as the overarching goal of the talks is to keep global warming to 2 degrees Celsius.
Land and sea global average temperatures as well as sea levels for the first ten months of this year are the highest ever recorded.
The WMO claims are based on data gathered from the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the UK’s Met Office.
WMO Secretary-General Michel Jarraud said in a statement that “record-high greenhouse gas emissions and associated atmospheric concentrations” are to blame for heat, rainfall, drought and devastating floods across the world, including in India in August and September.
Jarraud explained that the majority of that heat is concentrated over the oceans, especially in North America.
The data follows the trend of steadily increasing temperatures alongside increased burning of fossil fuels, with WMO saying 14 of the 15 hottest years record are all in the 21st century.
Even as the US, China, and EU have announced emissions reductions targets, the world’s third largest emitter India is yet to make a similar statement.
TAGS: Germanwatch's Global Climate Risk Index Prakash Javedkar World Meteorological Organisation
More from economy

Indian selectors opt for youth over experience for 2015 WorldCupBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 4, 2014 3:25 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 9:44 pm
India’s out-of-favour senior cricketers like Virender Sehwag, Yuvraj Singh and Gautam Gambhir were omitted from the 30-member probables list for next year’s World Cup with the selectors reposing faith on the young guns to retain the title in Australia and New Zealand.
Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh and pacer Zaheer Khan, who were a part of the 2011 World Cup winning team along with Sehwag, Yuvraj and Gambhir, were also left out of the list, putting a question mark on their future given that none of the five have featured in an ODI for the last one year.
Apart from the famed five, pacers Ashish Nehra and Munaf Patel, spinner Piyush Chawla and all-rounder Yusuf Pathan were also among the players axed from the list announced by BCCI Secretary Sanjay Patel after a meeting of the selection committee.
Jammu and Kashmir all-rounder Parveez Rasool, Uttar Pradesh spinner Kuldeep Yadav, batting duo of Manish Pandey and Kedar Jadhav along with spinner Axar Patel benefitted from the overhaul, riding on their consistent performance in the domestic circuit.
With the selectors opting to ignore the out-of-favour seniors, there were no major surprises on offer in the list of probables.
The selectors included all-rounder Stuart Binny and in-form batsman Manoj Tiwary and young wicketkeeper batsman Sanju Samson in the list which would be further pruned to 15 in early January ahead of the World Cup starting February 14.
Eleven players from the 2011 World Cup-winning squad will not be seen in action when the team goes Down Under to defend the trophy. While most of them have been ignored for poor form, Sachin Tendulkar has retired and pacer S Sreesanth has been banned for spot-fixing.
Of all the players ignored, Yuvraj’s journey has been the most dramatic. The left-handed batsman was named Player of the Tournament for his fantastic run in the 2011 World Cup but his career took a hit after he had to undergo treatment for rare form of germ cell cancer between his lungs.
His attempts at a comeback were not too successful and he was eventually pushed to the sidelines.
Of the selected players, captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Virat Kohli, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Suresh Raina, R Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja picked themselves after delivering consistently.
Among the bowlers, pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ishant Sharma, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Mohit Sharma and Ashoke Dinda got the selectors’ nod by virtue of their fine performances in both the international and domestic circuit.
Apart from Dhoni, the list has two wicketkeepers in Wriddhiman Saha and young Sanju Samson, who has also impressed with his batting in the domestic arena.
Cheteshwar Pujara, who is regarded a Test specialist, Pragyan Ojha, Dinesh Karthik and Naman Ojha were among the other notable omissions.
Murali Vijay, Ambati Rayudu and Robin Uthappa, who have been in and out of the national squad in recent times have also found a place in the probables list.
The list of 30 probables: MS Dhoni, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Robin Uthappa, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, continued…

Hong Kong student protesters consider pulling upstakesBy: Associated Press | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 4, 2014 3:14 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 5:14 pm
Hong Kong student leaders said Thursday they’re considering retreating from protest sites on city streets after more than two months in the latest sign that momentum is fading in their movement for greater democracy.
Members of the Hong Kong Federation of Students said Thursday that they’re mulling whether to stay or go, with spokeswoman Yvonne Leung telling a local radio station that the group hopes to come to a decision within the next week.
The protesters have few options left after rallying supporters in a failed bid earlier this week to surround government headquarters that resulted in a night of violent clashes with police armed with batons and pepper spray.
Public support for the protesters has fallen as the government has stuck to its apparent strategy of waiting them out.
Prominent student leader Joshua Wong said on his social media accounts that his group will discuss and coordinate with the federation on the decision.
Wong, 18, and four other members of his Scholarism group started a hunger strike this week to try to force the government to resume talks over the students’ demands, which include dropping Beijing’s requirement to screen candidates for inaugural 2017 elections.The two groups have played key roles in organizing the protests.
On “withdrawing or not withdrawing, any tactics, any methods will be considered,” Tommy Cheung, another federation member, told reporters. “The federation will discuss the next step in our plan. … At the moment there’s no clear-cut decision.”
The talk of retreat comes after the founders of Occupy Central, which also played a role in the protests, called this week for the students to end the protests to avoid further violence.
The three founders and about 60 supporters turned themselves into police Wednesday in a symbolic move to show they wanted to move on to a new phase of the movement, but police let them go.

India beat Australia 2-0 in Champions Trophy hockey practicematchPosted: December 4, 2014 3:01 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 3:43 pm
Continuing their build-up for the Champions Trophy, the Indian hockey team defeated Australia 2-0 in a practice.
Placed in Pool B for the tournament strating December 6, the Indian team looked more focused and gritty and dished out a wonderful performance against Australia.
Both the teams struggled hard between their hockey sticks but lost all the opportunities of scoring even a single goal in the first and the second quarters of the game.
The third quarter proved to be rewarding for the Indian men and Gurjinder Singh and SV Sunil scored the winning goals for India.
Speaking on the win, India’s High Performance Director and coach Roelant Oltmans said, “For us the most important thing is to look at our own games and we have been consistently trying to improve on a few of our weak areas learning from each match we play.
“We would like to improve game by game and the team did a much better job playing against the No. 1 ranked team – Australia. The game gave us a lot of scoring opportunities which in turn helped us to win the match over Australia.”
Indian Vice-Captain, PR Sreejesh was equally happy with the performance.
“This was our last practice match against Australia and now we are all prepared to give a much better performance in the upcoming tournament. After winning the match against Australia, we have gained a lot of confidence and hope that we end the tournament on a positive note,” he said.
Australian coach Graham Reid praised the Indians but insisted that his side would bounce back.
“Everytime we play, we strive to do our best. The Indian team has some very good players. They managed to control the game in the third quarter of the match and materialise all the scoring opportunities in their favour. We have a practice match on Thursday against Argentina and we will be looking forward to a good game against them,” he said.

Jimmy Fallon welcomes second daughter withwifePosted: December 4, 2014 2:56 pm
Jimmy Fallon welcomed his second daughter, Frances Cole, with producer wife Nancy Juvonen.
The celebrity host has nicknamed the child as Frannny. The child weighed 5 pounds, 11 ounces upon her arrival, and was born via a surrogate, just like her 16-month-old big sister, Winnie, said the Hollywood Reporter.
The couple chose to keep the impending birth under wraps until the birth of child on December 3.

Srinagar and Leh witness coldest night of the season:MeTBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:55 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 5:37 pm
Srinagar and Leh witnessed the coldest night of the season so far as the cold wave tightened its grip further in Kashmir Valley and Ladakh region with the minimum temperatures remaining several degrees below the freezing point.
Srinagar, the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir, recorded a low of minus 2.2 degrees Celsius, the lowest so far this season, a spokesman of the MeT Department in Srinagar said.
The minimum temperature in the city continues to dip as the city had witnessed the low of minus 1.8 and minus 0.8 degrees Celsius last night and the night before respectively.
The famous tourist resort of Pahalgam, which serves as a base camp during the annual Amarnath yatra, in south Kashmir, recorded a low of minus 4.0 degrees Celsius, while the world famous ski-resort of Gulmarg, in north, registered a low of 2.4 degrees Celsius.
The mercury in Qazigund – the gateway town to Kashmir Valley – settled at a low of minus 2.4 degrees Celsius, while the nearby Kokernag town registered a minimum of minus 1.8 degrees Celsius.
The night temperature in Kupwara, in north Kashmir, registered a low of minus 2.0 degrees Celsius.
Leh also witnessed the season’s coldest night as the minimum temperature in the frontier town settled at a low of minus 12.6 degrees Celsius, while the mercury in the nearby Kargil town recorded a low of minus 10.6 degrees Celsius.
Kashmir division continues to remain under the influence of a cold wave as the weather continues to remain dry.

Erstwhile Janata Dal members re-unite as Samajwadi Janata Dal to take onGovtBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:51 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 6:10 pm
In a move aimed at consolidation of opposition forces, six constituents of the erstwhile ‘Janata Parivar’ will soon become one party as their leaders on Thursday authorised Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav to work out the “modalities” in that direction.
In their first joint action outside Parliament, SP, Janata Dal (Secular), Rashtriya Janata Dal, Janata Dal (United), Indian National Lok Dal and Samajwadi Janata Party will hold a ‘dharna’ on December 22 against government’s “failure” to bring back black money stashed abroad, its alleged U-turn on farmers’ issue and rising unemployment.
The leaders of the six parties today “authorised” Mulayam at a meeting at his official residence to “work out modalities” for becoming one party through a merger, JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar told reporters.
Seeking to dispel any ambiguity as to the proposed merger, Kumar said that all of them felt there should be “one party” as they have the same philosophy and principles.
Asked whether the move to join forces was borne of a ‘fear of Narendra Modi’, Kumar said it that not the case but the aim was to form a platform in the current political atmosphere.
He said that the six parties would like to work in tandem with entities like the Left Front, which would be approached. Kumar did not, however, elaborate further.
Besides Mulayam and Nitish Kumar, the meeting, was attended by RJD chief Lalu Prasad, JD(U) president Sharad Yadav, SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav, JD(S)’s HD Deve Gowda, INLD’s Dushyant Chautala and SJP’s Kamal Morarka.
Responding to questions on whether the proposed party would contest the upcoming Delhi Assembly polls, Kumar said the leaders concentrated on the “national scene” and the talks were not restricted to any particular state.
He said while the parties have been speaking in the same voice on issues of public interest in Parliament, they have decided to hold their first joint action by organising a ‘dharna’ outside its premises here on December 22.
The dharna is aimed at attacking the NDA government on the black money issue. He said that its pre-poll promise about bringing back black money to the country and using it to give Rs 15 lakh to every citizen has not been fulfilled.
Kumar, the former Bihar chief minister, said that while farmers were promised an MSP which was 1.5 times more than their input cost, the government is now discouraging states from giving a bonus to farmers as it is pushing out private players.
“It is a U-turn,” he said, adding that the six parties will also highlight the issue of unemployment as the NDA dispensation has allegedly put a ban on new openings in government jobs.

Christopher Nolan to receive Cinematic ImageryawardBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:44 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 2:48 pm
‘Interstellar’ director Christopher Nolan will receive the Art Directors Guild’s Cinematic Imagery Award at the 19th annual Excellence in Production Design Awards.
The award is given to those whose body of work in the film industry has richly enhanced the visual aspects of the movie-going experience, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
Past recipients include Martin Scorsese, Warren Beatty, Clint Eastwood, Norman Jewison, John Lasseter, George Lucas, Steven Spielberg and Blake Edwards. Blass and James Pearse Connelly said in a joint statement, “Christopher Nolan’s body of work reflects a clear appreciation for the contribution Production Design brings to the stories he brings to life. His creative legacy is quite remarkable and it demonstrates a great love and respect for our visual medium.
“The teams of designers and craftspeople that he continues to bring together as a vital part of his filmmaking family are always of the highest caliber, and their work is among the most celebrated, unique and creative in our craft. Christopher Nolan’s films remind us over and over again why we love to go to the movies.”
Nolan most recently directed ‘Interstellar’. Other credits include ‘Batman Begins’, ‘The Dark Knight’, ‘The Dark Knight Rises’, ‘Inception’, ‘The Prestige’ and ‘Insomnia’.

Srinagar and Leh witness coldest night of the season: MeTBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:55 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 5:37 pm
Srinagar and Leh witnessed the coldest night of the season so far as the cold wave tightened its grip further in Kashmir Valley and Ladakh region with the minimum temperatures remaining several degrees below the freezing point.
Srinagar, the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir, recorded a low of minus 2.2 degrees Celsius, the lowest so far this season, a spokesman of the MeT Department in Srinagar said.
The minimum temperature in the city continues to dip as the city had witnessed the low of minus 1.8 and minus 0.8 degrees Celsius last night and the night before respectively.
The famous tourist resort of Pahalgam, which serves as a base camp during the annual Amarnath yatra, in south Kashmir, recorded a low of minus 4.0 degrees Celsius, while the world famous ski-resort of Gulmarg, in north, registered a low of 2.4 degrees Celsius.
The mercury in Qazigund – the gateway town to Kashmir Valley – settled at a low of minus 2.4 degrees Celsius, while the nearby Kokernag town registered a minimum of minus 1.8 degrees Celsius.
The night temperature in Kupwara, in north Kashmir, registered a low of minus 2.0 degrees Celsius.
Leh also witnessed the season’s coldest night as the minimum temperature in the frontier town settled at a low of minus 12.6 degrees Celsius, while the mercury in the nearby Kargil town recorded a low of minus 10.6 degrees Celsius.
Kashmir division continues to remain under the influence of a cold wave as the weather continues to remain dry.

MNCs make 487 job offers at IIT-M campus int...campus interview
(Online home furnishing…)
CHENNAI: Multinational companies recruiting candidates at the ongoing placement season at Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, have offered 487 jobs to prospective candidates, which is comparatively higher than last year.
A total of 89 companies have so far participated in the campus interview and 487 offers were placed, which was comparatively higher than last year's offer of 315, a press release said.
Online home furnishing firm Urban Ladder recruited the highest number of 16 candidates followed by home grown automaker Tata Motors with seven.
Caterpillar India, Citrix Research and Development India, NetApp selected five, four and three candidates respectively.
Other companies that offered placements were Toshiba Corporation (one candidate), Tiger Analytics (five) and Futures First Info Services (four students).
The IIT-M placement season began early this week. The top offer was made by a foreign company with a package of Rs 80 lakh per year for a candidate. The interviews are expected to continue till this weekend.
FEATURED ARTICLES

16 771 km roads constructed under PMGSY till...You are here: Home > Collections > Pmgsy
16,771 km roads constructed under PMGSY till October this year
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 02.39PM IST
Tags:
Birender Singh
(Rural Development Minister…)
NEW DELHI: Government today said 16,771 km of roads were constructed against a target of 21,775 km under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) in the first seven months of this fiscal.
Rural Development Minister Birender Singh told Lok Sabha that 25,316 km of roads were constructed against a target of 27,000 km during 2013-14.
Singh said PMGSY is to improve rural infrastructure through construction of all weather roads to provide connectivity to eligible habitations.
"Rural roads being a state subject, the programme is being implemented by the respective state and Union territory government," he said during Question Hour.
The Minister said against annual allocation of Rs 22,000 crore for 2014-15 under the Gross Budgetary Support of the 12th Five Year Plan, the programme has been allocated Rs 14,391 crore as Budget Estimate for 2014-15.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CoalMin to put 18 additional blocks for sale...The Coal Ministry will auction or allot 18 more coal blocks in addition to already announced 74 mines for sale in the first lot.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The coal ministry might put 18 more blocks on offer, in addition to the 74 already planned, in the upcoming auction of the mines, according to a government official.
The government plans to conclude the first phase of allocation of coal blocks through allotment and auction by March 16, 2015. Of the total 92 blocks, some will be allotted to state-run companies while others will be auctioned electronically.
The government had announced last month the draft rules for the auctions and sought stakeholders' comments till November 24.
The ministry is finalising the rules and the bid document for the blocks is likely to be ready by December 22, according to the official, who did not wish to be named.
With the upcoming first phase, India will witness its first ever auction of coal resources.
Separately, in response to a question in the Lok Sabha, power and coal minister Piyush Goyal on Thursday said to optimise transport cost, the ministry had formed another interministerial task force in June to carry out a comprehensive review of existing sources of the fuel and consider the feasibility for their rationalisation.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Suven Life gains 2%; ties up Rs 200 cr via QIPSuven Life Sciences rallies over 2% as it raises Rs 200 crore via QIP
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 09.55AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(At 09:50 a.m.; Suven Life…)
NEW DELHI: Suven Life Sciences Ltd rallied as much as 2.5 per cent in trade on Thursday, after the pharmaceuticals firm said that it has raised Rs 200 crore through Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) route to fund its clinical development programme and capital expenditure.
At 09:50 a.m.; Suven Life Sciences was trading 1.8 per cent higher at Rs 223.95. It hit a low of Rs 221.75 and a high of Rs 225.50 in trade today.
The offering was for 1,04,53,690 equity shares of face value of Rs 1 per equity share at a price of Rs 191.32 per share, said a PTI report.
Post issue the promoters holding will be over 59 per cent as against 64.76 per cent on September 30, 2014.
In a BSE filing, Suven Life Sciences said, "It has concluded its Rs 200 crore fund raising exercise through the Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) process."
The funds raised will be effectively deployed to fund the clinical development programme, capital expenditure and for general corporate purposes, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong student leaders mull protest retreatHONG KONG, December 4, 2014
Updated: December 4, 2014 15:41 IST
Hong Kong student leaders mull protest retreat
AP
AP
AP
In this December 3, 2014 photo, three students, from right, Prince Wong, Joshua Wong and Isabella Lo use their smartphones inside their tent at the occupied area outside government headquarters during their hunger strike in Hong Kong.
AP
In this December 3, 2014 photo, three protest leaders, from right, Chan Kin-man, Benny Tai Yiu-ting and Chu Yiu-ming walk towards the police station in Hong Kong as they surrender to police.
TOPICS
demonstration
Members of the Hong Kong Federation of Students said on Thursday that they’re mulling whether to stay or go, with spokeswoman Yvonne Leung telling a local radio station that the group hopes to come to a decision within the next week.
The protesters have few options left after rallying supporters in a failed bid earlier this week to surround government headquarters that resulted in a night of violent clashes with police armed with batons and pepper spray. Public support for the protesters has fallen as the government has stuck to its apparent strategy of waiting them out.
Prominent student leader Joshua Wong said on his social media accounts that his group will discuss and coordinate with the federation on the decision. Mr. Wong, 18, and four other members of his Scholarism group started a hunger strike this week to try to force the government to resume talks over the students’ demands, which include dropping Beijing’s requirement to screen candidates for inaugural 2017 elections.
The two groups have played key roles in organising the protests.
On “withdrawing or not withdrawing, any tactics, any methods will be considered,” Tommy Cheung, another federation member, told reporters. “The federation will discuss the next step in our plan. ... At the moment there’s no clear-cut decision.”
The talk of retreat comes after the founders of Occupy Central, which also played a role in the protests, called this week for the students to end the protests to avoid further violence. The three founders and about 60 supporters turned themselves into police Wednesday in a symbolic move to show they wanted to move on to a new phase of the movement, but police let them go.
APIn this December 3, 2014 photo, three protest leaders, from right, Chan Kin-man, Benny Tai Yiu-ting and Chu Yiu-ming walk towards the police station in Hong Kong as they surrender to police.

BJP  Sena announce alliance; Shiv Sena to get 12 ministersComments
After more than a month of bitter squabbling, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Thursday announced the Shiv Sena will join the Devendra Fadnavis government in Maharashtra, albeit without deputy chief minister's post and any of the key portfolios.
The partners for 25 years, who broke up just before the state assembly polls two months, were back together again citing common ideology, popular public sentiment and stable government as the primary reasons for the rapprochement.
"We were together for 25 years (before partings ways ahead of the assembly polls). The people's mandate is for us to get together for running the government. We honour the feeling of the people, workers of both Sena and BJP," said chief minister Fadnavis at a press conference addressed jointly by him and Sena leader Subhash Desai.
The names and portfolios are expected to be finalised by Thursday night. The BJP is also roping in allies who may be part of the oath ceremony on Friday or the expansion to be held in January.
Twelve ministers from the Sena, five of cabinet rank and seven ministers of state, will be inducted. 10 of them will be sworn in on Friday, along with 8-10 from the BJP.
"The number may increase or decrease. We also want small allies to get ministries," Fadnavis said.
Sena's Subhash Desai, who lead party's delegation at the press conference, said, "The BJP and Sena are again in power after 15 years. We will give a strong government."
The Uddhav Thackeray-led party will not get the deputy chief minister's post which it had been bargaining for all the while.
The two parties will form a coordination committee to work out modalities for alliance in the muncipality and panchayat levels.
The BJP managed to get the Sena on board and still kept its firm grip on the government. The Sena not only is seen content with politically less important portfolios, but also maintained silence over the issues such as separate Vidarbha statehood and the scrapping of the Jaitapur nuclear power plant, on which both the parties have contradictory views.
The first indications of a breakthrough came earlier this week when Fadnavis said that 80% of the alliance talks were completed and only a few things remained to be a sorted out.
The BJP and the Sena were allies for 25 years, but had parted ways over seat sharing ahead of the assembly polls held in October. The two were in power between 1995 and 1999. Then, the Sena had the CM with the BJP playing the junior partner.
Now the BJP is in dominant position with 121 MLAs and the Sena has just 63.
When the BJP emerged the single largest party but landed short of a majority, the Sena announced it will sit in the opposition.
The Sena also voted against BJP in the confidence motion, and when the Speaker declared that Fadnavis had won, joined the Congress in protest.
The induction of Sena will give the government a clear majority of 184 in a House of 288. The BJP has 121 MLAs while the Shiv Sena 63. The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, had announced outside support to the state government, which was sworn in on October 31.

Sensex Up Over 100 Points  Nifty Above 8 550You are here: Home Market
Sensex Up 150 Points, Nifty Above 8,550
NDTV | Updated On: December 04, 2014 15:15 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
The 50-share Nifty and Sensex were up nearly 0.50 per cent in late trade, buoyed by gains in ITC and banking stocks like ICICI Bank and SBI.
ITC, India's biggest cigarette maker, was the top Nifty gainer. The stock traded over 5 per cent higher on reports the government may not ban the sale of loose cigarettes, which account for 65 to 70 per cent of total cigarette sale in India. Other tobacco companies such as Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries also traded higher.
Among banking stocks, ICICI Bank, SBI and HDFC were up between 0.6 per cent and 1 per cent.
In broader markets, Alok Industries jumped 12.5 per cent on heavy volumes. However, budget carrier SpiceJet, which had run up sharply on Monday, saw selling pressure and fell over 5 per cent.
Earlier, the Sensex jumped 350 points above the 28,800 mark and the Nifty gained over 85 points to a day high of 8,627 in morning trade. The gains came after three days of consolidation.
As of 3:08 pm, the Sensex was up 155 points to 28,598 while Nifty traded 36 points higher at 8,573. The broader markets also saw gains with the BSE midcap and smallcap indices up nearly 0.4 per cent.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 15:13 (IST)

Gold Eases on Dollar Strength Ahead of ECB Meet  US Jobs DataYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold Eases on Dollar Strength Ahead of ECB Meet, US Jobs Data
Reuters | Updated On: December 04, 2014 14:58 (IST)
India to Weigh Gold Policy Impact After Spurt in November Imports
Singapore: Gold edged lower in Asian trading on Thursday as the dollar traded close to a 5-1/2-year high against a basket of major currencies, but the metal managed to hold above the key $1,200-an-ounce level.
Investors were awaiting a policy decision by the European Central Bank on stimulus measures and US weekly jobless claims data on Thursday to see if they held any further boosts for the dollar.
Spot gold fell 0.4 per cent to $1,204.70 an ounce by 0746 GMT, after rising nearly 1 per cent in the previous session.
The US dollar index climbed to its highest in more than 5-1/2 years on Wednesday on optimism over the world's largest economy. Data showed US private companies added workers at a fairly brisk clip in November and the services sector grew strongly.
"It's a wait-and-watch situation right now because there are some key events over the next two days. We have the ECB meet today and (US) nonfarm payrolls on Friday, and both could potentially trigger big moves again," said a precious metals trader in Singapore.
"It looks like we will consolidate near $1,200 for now but the risks from the last few months remain," the trader said.
Gold climbed to a one-month high of $1,220.99 an ounce on Monday, after having slumped to $1,142.91 in the same session.
Friday's data would help investors gauge the strength of the US economic recovery and how it would impact interest rates. Gold prices gained in the first two quarters of the year, but have fallen in the second half as expectations of rate hikes lifted the dollar.
Demand for dollar-denominated gold tends to weaken on a stronger greenback as it makes the metal more expensive for holders of other currencies and also lowers its hedge-appeal.
Gold has also been hurt by softer oil prices recently as the metal is seen as a hedge against oil-led inflation.
Some recent gains in gold are seen as a result of short covering, prompting traders to be wary of the moves higher.
"Much of the buying recently has been done by shorts exiting the market and not fresh longs entering the market or old longs extending positions," HSBC analysts said in a note.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex  Nifty gain strength; ABB  Godfrey Phillips in focusDec 04, 2014, 03.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex ends 120 pts up, Nifty below 8600; ITC gains 6%
ITC was star of the day, with a hefty gain of 6 percent at close. Other gainers in the Sensex include Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, HUL and HDFC Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex ends 120 pts up, Nifty below 8600; ITC gains 6%
ITC was star of the day, with a hefty gain of 6 percent at close. Other gainers in the Sensex include Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, HUL and HDFC Bank.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30pm Market closing
After hitting record highs, the market turned flat to ends with some gains. The Sensex closed up 120.11 points at 28562.82, and the Nifty was up 26.75 points at 8564.40. About 1489 shares advanced, 1459 shares declined, and 124 shares were unchanged.
ITC was star of the day, with a hefty gain of 6 percent at close. Other gainers in the Sensex include Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, HUL and HDFC Bank.
Among the top losers were Bharti Airtel, Hindalco, Tata Power and BHEL.
03:15pm Shipping stocks in focus
Shipping stocks see huge buying interest on hopes of relaxations in rules for the sector. Bharati Shipyard rallied nearly 14 percent followed by ABG Shipyard, Varun Shipping, SCI, Shreyas Shipping and Pipavav Defence with 4-5 percent gains.
The government today asked Reserve Bank of India to relax rules to revive the shipbuilding industry. The government also asked RBI and finance ministry to sanction special dispensation for 5 years.
Meanwhile, for the revival of the industry, the government on Monday also launched the PM JalMargYojna and projects for setting up dry and satellite ports, besides converting riverways into waterways.
03:00pm Market Update
The market gained strength in late trade with the Sensex rising 154.78 points to 28597.49 and the Nifty climbing 34.10 points to 8571.75 led by banking & financials and FMCG stocks.
ITC stayed strong with 5.3 percent gains as report suggests that the government is unlikely to ban sale of loose cigarettes in near-term. Sesa Sterlite extended gains, up 3.4 percent followed by Cipla with 2.7 percent upside.
Shares of HDFC, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, State Bank of India and Axis Bank advanced 0.7-0.9 percent whereas Infosys, L&T and Reliance Industries were marginally under pressure.
02:45pm ONGC in News
Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), India's biggest explorer, will next week sign a deal to acquire stake in two Siberian oilfields, including the strategic Vankor, during Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to India.
ONGC Videsh, the overseas arm of state explorer, will sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for acquiring the stake in Vankor and Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye fields, government officials said.
The MoU is part of Putin's energy engagement as he seeks to expand trade links with Asian nations to counter sanctions from the US and its allies.
Putin is set to arrive here on December 11.
Russia's biggest oil company Rosneft has offered to sell 10 percent stake in the strategic Vankor oilfield in Siberia to OVL, reports PTI.
02:25pm Europe Update
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index edged up to trade near a 2-1/2-month high, with an improving US economic outlook and expectations of further stimulus from the European Central Bank helping the market.
Investors' focus was on ECB President Mario Draghi, who will present the bank's updated forecasts for growth in output as well as inflation at a policy meeting later in the day.
The ECB could extend a scheme to buy rebundled debt to purchasing corporate bonds, but it is unlikely to announce any radical immediate move such as printing money to buy government bonds, reports Reuters.
02:00pm Market Check
The market continued to see consolidation after touching record high in the early trade. The Sensex gained 43.98 points at 28486.69 and the Nifty fell 0.05 point to 8537.60. The broader markets gained 0.3 percent.
The market breadth remained marginally positive. About 1444 shares have advanced while 1313 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
ABB climbed 13 percent as ABB Global CEO told CNBC-TV18 that they have no plans to delist subsidiary ABB India. He says that they have plan to double exports from India in next 3-5 years.
Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries posted gains of 4 percent and 2.5 percent, respectively. The government is unlikely to ban sale of loose cigarettes in near-term as the proposal will hurt tobacco farmers. The health and agriculture ministries will now conduct a study on the same, say sources.
Sadbhav Engineering gained 2 percent after the company's subsidiary Sadbhav Infra filed a DRHP with Sebi to undertake IPO . Sadbhav Infra will issue 1.62 crore shares worth Rs 600 crore in an IPO. Sadbhav Engineering owns 80 percent of Sadhav Infra and the remaining 20 percent is owned by Norwest Venture Partners and Xander Group.
13:00

Plan to double exports from India in next 3-5 years: ABB1:00 pm
Shares of ABB  rallied over 15 percent, hitting all-time high of Rs 1396.70 intraday Thursday, after the company’s management clarified that they have no plans to delist ABB India. 
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Ulrich Spiesshofer, CEO, ABB, said the company is planning to double exports from India in next 3-5 years and exports are likely to form nearly 50 percent of India business.
Below is the transcript of the interview
Q: On exports... 
A: At the moment we are on our way to export about a quarter. What we are doing in the future, this could be half or more if we are successful. So there is no limitation to that in terms of market perspective. We need to make sure we do it under the same paradigm as we do every of our business. Before we run, we want to walk, we want to provide good quality, good technology, reliable commitments to our customers wherever we go. We need to make sure that the set up of supply chains outside of India go in line ramp up manufacturing capacity here and if we do this in a responsible way, there is ambitious plans to develop this market, I see a good growth in the ratio of export of ABB in India over the next decade.
Q: You are already at 75 percent shareholding in the Indian entity, would there be a thought-process to eventually go in for delisting?
A: We are focusing fully at the moment on running the business and driving operational performance and when the time is right to consider any change, we will talk about it. At the moment the focus is fully on operational improvement and serving the country in its profitable flow.
Q: So delisting is not on the cards as of now? Should shareholders look for some dividends?
A: At the moment we have no plans for any change in the shareholder structure. At the moment the focus is on operational improvement and operational growth of this business.
ABB stock price
On December 10, 2014, ABB closed at Rs 1179.20, up Rs 19.25, or 1.66 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1396.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 568.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 9.58 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 123.09. The latest book value of the company is Rs 126.35 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 9.33.
RELATED NEWS

Canada s Ryerson Futures  Chokhani Grp to launch $15mn fundDec 04, 2014, 02.02 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Canada's Ryerson Futures, Chokhani Grp to launch $15mn fund
The fund will seek to invest between USD 50,000 (about Rs 27.5 lakh) and USD 500,000 (Rs 2.75 crore) in 10-15 start-ups every year, a statement said today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Canada's Ryerson Futures, Chokhani Grp to launch $15mn fund
The fund will seek to invest between USD 50,000 (about Rs 27.5 lakh) and USD 500,000 (Rs 2.75 crore) in 10-15 start-ups every year, a statement said today.
Post your opinion here
 
Canada's Ryerson Futures Inc and Chokhani Group will launch a USD 15 million fund (about Rs 82.5 crore) to invest in early stage technology businesses in partnership with Zone Startups India (ZSI).
The fund will seek to invest between USD 50,000 (about Rs 27.5 lakh) and USD 500,000 (Rs 2.75 crore) in 10-15 start-ups every year, a statement said today.
The fund will make investments in highly scalable technology startups which are part of the ZSI and will also seek to find new startups to add to the programme, it added.
Chokhani Group has multiple businesses, including two non-banking financial companies, while Zone Startups India (ZSI) is an incubator focussed on data analytics, mobility, e-commerce and mobile payments, among others.
ZSI's current portfolio startups includes Focus Analytics, Bug Clipper, Baby Chakra, Pykih, FOSengage, DrugIO, Intugine Technologies, ArtZolo, Underdogs Gaming Studio and BOOKstreet, among others.
"We have been active making early stage investments and have seen tremendous interest in the market. Partnering with an existing accelerator allows us to leverage the benefits of
a formalised programme," Anil Chokhani, who is also a serial angel investor with Mumbai Angels, said.
The fund will be raising capital from corporates and high net worth individuals.
"Launching a fund to help rapidly advance these startups is a logical next step now that we have been able to establish a strong network in India with our partners," Ryerson Futures President Matt Saunders said.
Ryerson Futures is an accelerator for early stage companies connected to the Digital Media Zone at Ryerson University. RFI companies have raised over USD 22 million in
the last year.

Buy Reliance Capital  PFC: Vishal Malkan02:30 pm
Vishal Malkan of malkansview.com told CNBC-TV18, "I will go for two picks on the buy side, one is  Reliance Capital which is maintaining above those important levels of Rs 530 with the stoploss of Rs 525 for targets of Rs 575.”
He further added, “The other trade would be  Power Finance Corporation (PFC) which is also sustaining about Rs 300 level in the last couple of trading sessions. I would go with a buy with a stoploss of Rs 302 for targets of Rs 320.”
X

CoalMin to put 18 additional blocks for sale in 1st phaseDec 04, 2014, 03.08 PM IST  | Source: PTI
'CoalMin to put 18 additional blocks for sale in 1st phase'
The government had last month announced auctioning of 74 blocks in the first phase, including 42 blocks which are already into production and 32 which are ready for production.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'CoalMin to put 18 additional blocks for sale in 1st phase'
The government had last month announced auctioning of 74 blocks in the first phase, including 42 blocks which are already into production and 32 which are ready for production.
Post your opinion here
 
The Coal Ministry will auction or allot 18 more coal blocks in addition to already announced 74 mines for sale in the first lot to meet the growing demand for the fossil fuel.
"We have now finalised (to allot and auction) 18 more blocks which have an additional capacity of about 120 million tonnes (MT)," Coal Secretary Anil Swarup told PTI.
"These (coal blocks) will be primarily for power sector because when we analysed the number of coal blocks to be put up for auction we discovered that sufficient number of coal blocks were not available for power sector.
Also read: Govt to raise coal producing capability of Coal India
"Hence we scouted for more blocks which are better in terms of readiness. Those 18 blocks have been added to the list," he said.  Out of the 92 coal blocks to be alloted and auctioned in the first lot, 57 mines would be given to the power sector, while the remaining mines would be for the sectors like steel and cement, the Secretary said.
Of the 57 blocks to be allotted and auctioned for the power sector, 23 will be considered for allotment to states and the rest will be put for auction, he said. The government had last month announced auctioning of 74 blocks in the first phase, including 42 blocks which are already into production and 32 which are ready for production.
The sale process of the first lot of coal blocks, whose allotments were cancelled by the Supreme Court, will start on February 11 and mines will be allotted only to specified end-users.
The apex court had termed the allocation of 204 mines since 1993 as "arbitrary and illegal". The government had already made it clear that the number of mines a company can bid will be capped to avoid monopoly.
The e-auction of coal blocks will have a two-stage tender process of technical and financial bids.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex  midcap consolidate; ABB  Godfrey Phillips in focusDec 04, 2014, 03.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex ends 120 pts up, Nifty below 8600; ITC gains 6%
ITC was star of the day, with a hefty gain of 6 percent at close. Other gainers in the Sensex include Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, HUL and HDFC Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex ends 120 pts up, Nifty below 8600; ITC gains 6%
ITC was star of the day, with a hefty gain of 6 percent at close. Other gainers in the Sensex include Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, HUL and HDFC Bank.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30pm Market closing
After hitting record highs, the market turned flat to ends with some gains. The Sensex closed up 120.11 points at 28562.82, and the Nifty was up 26.75 points at 8564.40. About 1489 shares advanced, 1459 shares declined, and 124 shares were unchanged.
ITC was star of the day, with a hefty gain of 6 percent at close. Other gainers in the Sensex include Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, HUL and HDFC Bank.
Among the top losers were Bharti Airtel, Hindalco, Tata Power and BHEL.
03:15pm Shipping stocks in focus
Shipping stocks see huge buying interest on hopes of relaxations in rules for the sector. Bharati Shipyard rallied nearly 14 percent followed by ABG Shipyard, Varun Shipping, SCI, Shreyas Shipping and Pipavav Defence with 4-5 percent gains.
The government today asked Reserve Bank of India to relax rules to revive the shipbuilding industry. The government also asked RBI and finance ministry to sanction special dispensation for 5 years.
Meanwhile, for the revival of the industry, the government on Monday also launched the PM JalMargYojna and projects for setting up dry and satellite ports, besides converting riverways into waterways.
03:00pm Market Update
The market gained strength in late trade with the Sensex rising 154.78 points to 28597.49 and the Nifty climbing 34.10 points to 8571.75 led by banking & financials and FMCG stocks.
ITC stayed strong with 5.3 percent gains as report suggests that the government is unlikely to ban sale of loose cigarettes in near-term. Sesa Sterlite extended gains, up 3.4 percent followed by Cipla with 2.7 percent upside.
Shares of HDFC, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, State Bank of India and Axis Bank advanced 0.7-0.9 percent whereas Infosys, L&T and Reliance Industries were marginally under pressure.
02:45pm ONGC in News
Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), India's biggest explorer, will next week sign a deal to acquire stake in two Siberian oilfields, including the strategic Vankor, during Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to India.
ONGC Videsh, the overseas arm of state explorer, will sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for acquiring the stake in Vankor and Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye fields, government officials said.
The MoU is part of Putin's energy engagement as he seeks to expand trade links with Asian nations to counter sanctions from the US and its allies.
Putin is set to arrive here on December 11.
Russia's biggest oil company Rosneft has offered to sell 10 percent stake in the strategic Vankor oilfield in Siberia to OVL, reports PTI.
02:25pm Europe Update
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index edged up to trade near a 2-1/2-month high, with an improving US economic outlook and expectations of further stimulus from the European Central Bank helping the market.
Investors' focus was on ECB President Mario Draghi, who will present the bank's updated forecasts for growth in output as well as inflation at a policy meeting later in the day.
The ECB could extend a scheme to buy rebundled debt to purchasing corporate bonds, but it is unlikely to announce any radical immediate move such as printing money to buy government bonds, reports Reuters.
02:00pm Market Check
The market continued to see consolidation after touching record high in the early trade. The Sensex gained 43.98 points at 28486.69 and the Nifty fell 0.05 point to 8537.60. The broader markets gained 0.3 percent.
The market breadth remained marginally positive. About 1444 shares have advanced while 1313 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
ABB climbed 13 percent as ABB Global CEO told CNBC-TV18 that they have no plans to delist subsidiary ABB India. He says that they have plan to double exports from India in next 3-5 years.
Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries posted gains of 4 percent and 2.5 percent, respectively. The government is unlikely to ban sale of loose cigarettes in near-term as the proposal will hurt tobacco farmers. The health and agriculture ministries will now conduct a study on the same, say sources.
Sadbhav Engineering gained 2 percent after the company's subsidiary Sadbhav Infra filed a DRHP with Sebi to undertake IPO . Sadbhav Infra will issue 1.62 crore shares worth Rs 600 crore in an IPO. Sadbhav Engineering owns 80 percent of Sadhav Infra and the remaining 20 percent is owned by Norwest Venture Partners and Xander Group.
13:00

Jubilant Food slips 2%  Barclays sees 15% downsideDec 04, 2014, 02.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Jubilant Food slips 2%, Barclays sees 15% downside
While Barclays expects Jubilant to benefit from an improving macro, the recovery is likely to be only gradual as it expects material same-store sales (SSS) growth recovery to be still 8-10 quarters away due to high competition.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jubilant Food slips 2%, Barclays sees 15% downside
While Barclays expects Jubilant to benefit from an improving macro, the recovery is likely to be only gradual as it expects material same-store sales (SSS) growth recovery to be still 8-10 quarters away due to high competition.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Jubilant Foodworks fell more than 2 percent intraday Thursday after Barclays initiated coverage on the stock with an underweight rating, citing risk reward mismatch.
The brokerage has a target price of Rs 1,250 on the stock, implying potential downside of 15 percent as it believes the same-store-sales growth recovery of the company will be 8-10 quarters away.
Jubilant and its subsidiary operates Domino’s Pizza brand with the exclusive rights for India, Nepal, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. The company is India’s largest food service company, with a network of 806 Domino’s Pizza restaurants (as of October 30, 2014).
While Barclays expects Jubilant to benefit from an improving macro, the recovery is likely to be only gradual as it expects material same-store sales (SSS) growth recovery to be still 8-10 quarters away due to high competition. Jubilant will remain in investment mode, with 400 new stores planned over FY14-17, which should dampen near-term returns.
According to the report, double-digit SSS growth (versus peak levels of 37 percent in FY11) is unlikely before FY17 due to key competitors having closed the gap in terms of product offerings and brand positioning; increasing number of players in the unorganised segment and multinational companies; and rising saturation in tier-1 cities in terms of store expansion.
In the quarter ended September 2014, same-store-sales growth stood at (negative) 5.3 percent as against 6.6 percent growth in the year-ago period.
Dunkin’ Donuts, which launched in India in 2012, could remain margin dilutive and make a nominal revenue contribution, says the brokerage.
Hence, Barclays thinks Jubilant’s 35 percent valuation premium to peers is likely to narrow on a muted outlook and weak returns (return on invested capital is likely to compress by 190 bps over FY14-17E).
Barclays expects FY15E to see 110 basis points margin contraction, with operating leverage coming into play in FY16E/17E.
Operating profit margin during July-September quarter 2014 slipped 280 basis points to 12.2 percent. Net profit during the same period fell 12.7 percent year-on-year to Rs 29 crore on lower operational income.
Key risks are faster-than-expected pickup in SSS growth; and operating leverage from the Dunkin’ Donuts business.
At 13:48 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,412.65, down Rs 18.25, or 1.28 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Coal India falls 2%  workers  union mulls going on strikeDec 04, 2014, 01.48 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Coal India falls 2%, workers' union mulls going on strike
Government through the ordinance started the process of auctioning at least 74 operational or ready-to-operate blocks with the target of allocating them by March, well before the deadline set by Supreme Court for companies operating the mines to wind up operations.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coal India falls 2%, workers' union mulls going on strike
Government through the ordinance started the process of auctioning at least 74 operational or ready-to-operate blocks with the target of allocating them by March, well before the deadline set by Supreme Court for companies operating the mines to wind up operations.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  Coal India fell 2 percent intraday on Thursday as investors grow worried on impending workers' strike. According to CNBC-TV18, Coal India workers' union is planning to go on strike protesting against coal ordinance and company’s divestment plans.
It is learnt that Coal India union is planning to protest around December 12-16. The union is going to decide date of strike when coal ordinance placed in the Parliament.
Meanwhile, the government cleared a Bill on coal block auctions to replace an ordinance that was promulgated to begin auction of coal mines that were cancelled by the Supreme Court. The bill to replace the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014 is likely to be brought before the Parliament during the ongoing winter session.
Government through the ordinance started the process of auctioning at least 74 operational or ready-to-operate blocks with the target of allocating them by March, well before the deadline set by Supreme Court for companies operating the mines to wind up operations. The ordinance has been opposed by the central trade unions, including BJP-affiliated trade union Bhartiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS).
BMS as also AITUC, CITU, HMS and INTUC have jointly opposed the government's proposal to allow private players to mine coal and sell it in the open market, a right till now reserved with the state-owned Coal India Limited. The ordinance has also come under attack from Left parties. Meanwhile government has already said that the 74 coal mines, which government plans to auction to specific end-users in the first phase of bidding on February 11, will not require any green clearances.
At 13:31 hrs Coal India was quoting at Rs 353.20, down Rs 4.00, or 1.12 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

BJP-Shiv Sena reunite  will run Maharahstra government together  says CM Devendra Fadnavis57
0
Mumbai: The Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party are back as allies in Maharashtra. 12 Sena leaders will be inducted into the Maharashtra Cabinet on Friday.
The announcement was made in Mumbai at a joint press conference addressed by Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and Shiv Sena leaders including Eknath Shinde.
"We have fixed modalities, will run the state government together," Fadnavis said.
#maharashtra cabinet #devendra fadnavis #bjp #shiv sena
"We are honouring the wishes of the people of the state. We spoke to Uddhav Thackeray and had a discussion on broad lines," he added.
The new cabinet will have 32 ministers in all, the Shiv Sena will get five Cabinet and seven Minister of State berths.
The two parties will also set up a coordination committee to look into all electoral issues with regard to elections to municipalities, local bodies etc.
Sources also said that Fadnavis is mulling another expansion post the winter session of the Maharashtra State Assembly which ends on 24th December.
5

Beacons Pop up in Stores Ahead of HolidaysIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Revealed: The major changes in Kolkata airportKolkata airport to become better
IANS –  Wed 3 Dec, 2014 4:44 PM IST
Print
>
Kolkata, Dec 3 (IANS) Aiming to evolve into a world-class airport with the state-of-the-art technologies and amenities, major improvements are under way in the city's Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose (NSCB) International Airport that handles 11 million passengers annually.
"We are resurfacing the main runway of the airport to category 3B. Kolkata airport will become the second airport after Delhi in India to have this. The process will be completed by December 2015," B.P. Sharma, NSCB Airport director, told IANS.
This project is estimated to cost Rs.125 crore.
Also, the city airport is improving the central tower and making it 86 metres high for improved traffic control at a cost of Rs.280 crore. It is projected to be completed by December 2016.
Besides, the airport is upgrading its fire fighting capability to Category 10 and a new fire station is being built. This project will be completed by March 2015.
The airport can handle 25 million passenger traffic after the upgradation.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

CURRENCIES: Dollar Index Hits Highest Level Since March 2006CURRENCIES: Dollar Index Hits Highest Level Since March 2006
Indians have $1 trillion worth of gold!Hi Guest
Indians have $1 trillion worth of gold!
'India has about 22,000 tonnes of private gold, held by individuals and temples.' 'Much of this is locked up in safes and vaults as a dead investment. If we can put the vast reserves of gold to use, it would boost the economy,' says V P Nandakumar, executive chairman, Manappuram Finance, India's first listed gold loan company.  Image: A visitor admires a gold necklace on display at the Gem & Jewellery India International Exhibition in Chennai.Photograph: Babu/Reuters     India's ...

Buy sbin 325 ce at 8 to hedgeCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Titan didnt run as anticipated after scrapping of 80:20 rule...the co....New Member
0 Follower
Titan didnt run as anticipated after scrapping of 80:20 rule...the co. deserves a better treatment, best management, best brand value, low debt, demand boosted by wedding season and fallen prices, what else you want???
3.28 PM Dec 4th

I think some major announcement are on cards this month as volumes are...New Member
4 Followers
today also volume of 4 cr combined total 8 cr for 2 days considering 30% delivery amounts to 2.5 cr shares taken for delivery also to be noted that suzlon was taking rest in the range of 23 to 25 before sell off started so current fair value is 24 at least we should see in short time
In reply to : kamdarsandip message
3.34 PM Dec 4th

I cant see 382! where is itCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sehwag  Harbhajan  Zaheer left out of list of World Cup probablesSehwag, Yuvraj, Zaheer left out of list of World Cup probables
PTI
VIVEK BENDRE File photo of Zaheer Khan and Virender Sehwag. The two players along with Harbhajan Singh, Yuvraj Singh and Gautam Gambhir have been left out of the list of 30 World Cup probables.
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
India’s out-of-favour senior cricketers like Virender Sehwag, Yuvraj Singh and Gautam Gambhir were today omitted from the 30-member probables list for next year’s World Cup with the selectors reposing faith on the young guns to retain the title in Australia and New Zealand.
Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh and pacer Zaheer Khan, who were a part of the 2011 World Cup winning team along with Sehwag, Yuvraj and Gambhir, were also left out of the list, putting a question mark on their future given that none of the five have featured in an ODI for the last one year.
Apart from the famed five, pacers Ashish Nehra and Munaf Patel, spinner Piyush Chawla and all-rounder Yusuf Pathan were also among the players axed from the list announced by BCCI Secretary Sanjay Patel after a meeting of the selection committee.
Jammu and Kashmir all-rounder Parveez Rasool, Uttar Pradesh spinner Kuldeep Yadav, the batting duo of Manish Pandey and Kedar Jadhav, along with spinner Axar Patel benefitted from the overhaul, riding on their consistent performance in the domestic circuit.
With the selectors opting to ignore the out-of-favour seniors, there were no major surprises on offer in the list of probables.
The selectors included all-rounder Stuart Binny and in-form batsman Manoj Tiwary and young wicketkeeper-batsman Sanju Samson in the list, which would be further pruned to 15 in early January ahead of the World Cup starting on February 14.
Eleven players from the 2011 World Cup-winning squad will not be seen in action when the team goes Down Under to defend the trophy. While most of them have been ignored for poor form, Sachin Tendulkar has retired and pacer S Sreesanth has been banned for spot-fixing.
Of all the players ignored, Yuvraj’s journey has been the most dramatic. The left-handed batsman was named Player of the Tournament for his fantastic run in the 2011 World Cup, but his career took a hit after he had to undergo treatment for a rare form of germ cell cancer between his lungs.
His attempts at a comeback were not too successful and he was eventually pushed to the sidelines.
Of the selected players, captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Virat Kohli, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Suresh Raina, R Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja picked themselves after delivering consistently.
Among the bowlers, pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ishant Sharma, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Mohit Sharma and Ashoke Dinda got the selectors’ nod by virtue of their fine performances in both the international and domestic circuits.
Apart from Dhoni, the list has two wicketkeepers in Wriddhiman Saha and young Sanju Samson, who has also impressed with his batting in the domestic arena.
Cheteshwar Pujara, who is regarded a Test specialist, Pragyan Ojha, Dinesh Karthik and Naman Ojha were among the other notable omissions.
Murali Vijay, Ambati Rayudu and Robin Uthappa, who have been in and out of the national squad in recent times, have also found a place in the probables list.
India World Cup probables: Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Robin Uthappa, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ambati Rayudu, Kedar Jadhav, Manoj Tiwary, Manish Pandey, Wriddhiman Saha, Sanju Samson, R Ashwin, Parveez Rasool, Karn Sharma, Amit Mishra, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Ishant Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Stuart Binny, Mohit Sharma, Ashoke Dinda, Kuldeep Yadav and Murali Vijay.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Aviation Minister seeks easing of regulations to boost sectorAviation Minister seeks easing of regulations to boost sector
PTI
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju
New Delhi, Dec 4:  
Voicing concern over financial health of domestic airlines, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju today sought easing of regulations to boost the growth of the aviation sector.
“We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing.
Kingfisher crashing and right now SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned,” Raju said.
He was speaking at the MoU signing ceremony between national carrier Air India and National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) for a joint venture to develop and manage Air India land assets.
Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu was also present on the occasion.
The minister’s comment comes in the backdrop of industrialist Kalanithi Maran’s budget carrier SpiceJet curtailing its operations by reducing both flights and fleet in view of fund crunch.
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
Besides, the airline auditors in their recent report have also cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run it as a “going concern“.
Noting that the growth in the aviation sector was restricted due to some “odd reasons”, Raju said certain regulations needs to be relooked to attract investments in the sector.
“For some odd reasons, we have restricted the growth of airlines in the country. We have developed regulations which pull back Indians, which does not allow Indians to perform.
So, I think there also we have to work,” he said.
Advising Air India to work as a team, he said the cohesiveness of a team only delivers performance.
“Somehow we have lost sight on that and it’s high time we get back to it,” he said, urging the national airline to keep its focus on core business of aviation.
“Air India has collected a lot of art objects...somehow our focus should not be shifting to real estate or art. Its mainstay should be aviation.”
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

NSE arm introduces acceptance of FDRs in electronic formNSE arm introduces acceptance of FDRs in electronic form
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 4:  
Leading bourse National Stock Exchange’s clearing corporation arm has introduced a facility for banks to submit Fixed Deposit Receipt (FDR) issued as collateral in electronic form.
“NSCCL (National Securities Clearing Corporation Ltd) introduces a facility for empanelled banks to submit FDR issued as collateral to clearing members in electronic form,” NSE said in a circular.
“The circular shall be effective from December 8, 2014,” it added.
The move will help in eliminating the loss of physical papers and reducing fraudulent activities.
HSBC is the empanelled bank which will provide this facility to members.
To avail this facility, trading members are required to request the bank to create FDR and mark lien in favour of NSCCL.
For the creation of FDR, trading members need to submit documents, including primary member code of the segment and Security Deposit or Margin Deposit and segment for which the FDR is required, to the bank.
Consequently, the bank will send the information in electronic form to NSCCL and the clearing corporation firm will validate and pass on the benefit of the same to the member.
Further, the clearing corporation will send a system generated e-mail and SMS to the member.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Dalmia Cement (Bharat) picks up 26% stake in Bokaro Jaypee CementDalmia Cement (Bharat) picks up 26% stake in Bokaro Jaypee Cement
Jayanta Mallick
Tweet
Kolkata, Dec 4:  
Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Ltd through its step down subsidiary has bought over 26 per cent stake in Bokaro Jaypee Cement Ltd (BoJCL) for 234.56 crore from Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL).
In March this year, Dalmia Bharat Group had purchased 74 per cent stake from Jaypee Group in this joint venture.
Mahendra Singhi, Group CEO, said here on Thursday that the enterprise valuation for the Bokaro entity was placed at Rs 1,150 crore.
Dalmia Bharat has taken complete control over the 2.1 million tonnes (mt) unit after the deal with SAIL on November 28. The new buyer has also taken over Rs 161 crore worth of borrowing.
The unit is currently running at a capacity of around 1.6 mt. With this acquisition, and two Greefield projects, due for commissioning by March 2015, Dalmia Bharat Group’s total installed cement capacity is poised to touch 24 million tonnes a year.
Apart from the two upcoming Greenfield facilities – one at Umrangsu in Assam and the other at Belgaum in Karnataka, Singhi said the group was pursuing another new project in Rajasthan. It has obtained limestone mining lease in Chittorgarh district in the State, some 80 km Chittor forte.
“Here, we plan a 3 mt cement unit. However, the project is at a nascent stage as we are yet to acquire the land, about 400 hectares,” Singhi added.
The Bokaro facility would strengthen the group’s presence in the eastern region considering the group’s 48 per cent-owned OCL India’s three units in the region – two in Odhisa and one in West Bengal.
It has also acquired Calcom Cement in Assam and Adhunik Cement in Meghalaya.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Spice Mobiles launches new phone at Rs 6 999Spice Mobiles launches new phone at Rs 6,999
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
Spice Mobiles launched the Spice Stellar MI 520n exclusively on Amazon today at Rs 6,999. The phone is equipped with a 1.3 GHz Quad Core Processor and a majestic 5 inch HD IPS display offering a superior resolution for a premium graphic experience. The Android, KitKat-based smartphone uses the OGS technology with full lamination for a 8.3mm slim design.
The new smartphone is 3G enabled and runs on the latest Android 4.4 KitKat OS, with a 1.3 GHz Quad Core Processor speeding up the running of apps, games, data and media. The Stellar 520n has a sleek body bundled with three colourful back panels in red, yellow and white and a flip cover.
Prashant Bindal, CEO, Spice Mobility Ltd, said “The Stellar 520n is a great product offering the perfect combination of great aesthetics and superior performance. We are convinced that with Amazon’s excellent reach and our great product, this exclusive tie up will enchant our customers.”
The Stellar 520n comes packed with an 8 mega-pixel AF rear camera with Autofocus and a front-facing 2 MP camera. The phone is equipped with a 1 GB RAM and 8 GB ROM (expandable up to 32 GB through a micro SD card), Wi-Fi tethering and G-sensor and a 2000 mAh battery, offering a standby time of about 200 hours and a talk time of 4 hours. Applications such as Whatsapp and Opera are pre-embedded in the Spice Stellar 520n.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

SEBI confirms restrictions on U P HotelsSEBI confirms restrictions on U P Hotels
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has confirmed the restrictions it had imposed on U P Hotels Ltd and its promoters for not meeting the minimum 25 per cent minimum public shareholding requirements.
The curbs will remain on the company as it “has not complied with the minimum public shareholding requirements till date’’.
Consequently, the market regulator’s order dated December 3 said “it becomes necessary for SEBI to confirm the directions issued vide the interim order against the company, its directors and promoters/promoter group.”
“... hereby confirm the directions issued vide interim order dated June 4, 2013 against the company, U P Hotels Limited, its directors, promoters/ promoter group,” SEBI said.
“This order shall remain in force till further directions,” it added.
The market regulator, in June last year, had slapped various restrictions on over 100 firms, including U P Hotels, and their respective promoters and directors for not achieving the 25 per cent public holding within the June 3 deadline.
The capital market regulator had frozen the voting rights and corporate benefits of promoters/directors of these companies and barred them from holding any new position on the boards of listed firms, among others.
Among others, U P Hotels and the joint managing directors, in their submissions to SEBI, had argued that they were not able to comply with the norms due to the restraint order dated December 7, 2012 and status quo order dated March 20, 2013 passed by a civil court.
However, SEBI noted that “prior to the orders of civil court also, the company had sufficient time to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms’’.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Unilever says to form standalone spreads business unitUnilever to form standalone business unit for spreads biz
Reuters
Tweet
LONDON, Dec 4:  
Unilever plans to form a standalone business unit for its North American and European spreads as it struggles to turn around a business hit by a fall in bread and margarine consumption, its chief financial officer said on Thursday.
The unit will be called Unilever Baking, Cooking and Spreading and will give the business more focus and more freedom to take necessary decisions, CFO Jean-Marc Huet said during an investor seminar that was simultaneously webcast.
"We're going to provide even more focus to this business, the speed of execution should increase over time, and the category will be permitted to take more radical action if required," Huet said.
Unilever shares were up 2 per cent in morning trade as investors saw the news as a step toward a possible sale or spin off of the struggling business. But a company source said Unilever has no plans to sell or spin off the unit, citing its strong cash generation.
Unilever's spreads business, which includes brands like Flora, Becel and Rama, accounts for 7 per cent of overall turnover and 27 per cent of Unilever's food turnover. Sales in the business are down 3.2 per cent in the first nine months of 2014, after falling 3.1 per cent in 2013 and growing just 0.9 per cent in 2012.
Given its poor performance and the fact that Unilever has been pruning its portfolio recently, industry sources have been speculating over whether the spreads business could be the next one to go. Unilever recently sold its Slim-Fast brand, its Ragu and Bertolli pasta sauces, Skippy peanut butter and Wishbone salad dressings.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

BHEL commissions sixth unit of 412 MW Rampur hydro plantHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
BHEL commissions sixth unit of 412 MW Rampur hydro plant
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 4:  
Bharat Heavy Electricals today said it has commissioned the sixth unit of the 412 MW Rampur hydel power project in Himachal Pradesh.
The State-owned equipment maker has now completed commissioning all the six units — each having 68.67 MW generation capacity — of the plant operated by SJVN Ltd. The project is located on the Satluj river.
In a statement, Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL) said the plant can generate about 1,770 GWh in a 90 per cent hydrological dependable year when all the units are operating.
BHEL’s scope of work included supply, erection and commissioning of six Francis turbines.
At present, BHEL is executing hydro power projects of around 5,000 MW capacity.
“Fiscal 2014-15 is progressing on a promising note for hydro projects, with commissioning of a 130 MW set at Parbati III in May 2014 and two 68.67 MW units of Rampur in June and July 2014, and now followed by another 68.67 MW unit,” the statement said.
During 2013-14 financial year, the company commissioned nine hydro sets having a total capacity of 641 MW.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Hong Kong shares close higher as Chinese stocks sizzleHong Kong shares close higher as Chinese stocks sizzle
Reuters
Tweet
Hong Kong, Dec 4:  
Hong Kong shares rose on Thursday as mainland Chinese markets extended their blistering rally, with financial and energy stocks leading the gains.
The Hang Seng Index rose 1.7 per cent, to 23,832.56 points, while the China Enterprises Index gained 3.8 per cent, to 11,481.03 points.
Chinese stocks soared to their highest level since mid-2011 on Thursday, led by financial and oil shares, as the market’s rally on expectations of further economic stimulus measures showed no signs of losing steam.
Among the most actively traded stocks on Hong Kong’s main board were CCT Land Holding, down 6.3 per cent to HK$0.02, Bank of China, up 3.2 per cent to HK$4.16 and China Construction Bank, up 2.4 per cent to HK$5.99.
Chinese investment flowing from Shanghai into Hong Kong through the mutual market access pilot programme took up 0.41 billion yuan of the 10.5 billion yuan ($1.7 billion) daily quota .
Total trading volume of companies included in the HSI index was 3.6 billion shares. ($1 = 6.1535 Chinese yuan)
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex jumps 152 points on FII inflowsWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Rohtak eve-teasing case: Bus driver  conductor reinstatedRohtak eve-teasing case: Bus driver, conductor reinstated
Press Trust of India | Chandigarh Dec 04, 2014 02:30 PM IST
Haryana government today reinstated the driver and conductor of the roadways bus in which two college-going sisters were allegedly eve-teased by three youths, following their suspension earlier this week.
The duo - bus driver Balwan Singh and conductor Labh Singh of state owned Haryana Roadways bus with registration no-HR 69 6150 - have been reinstated with immediate effect pending departmental enquiry against the two, an official spokesman here said.
The Director General of Haryana Transport department had issued the orders to suspend the two on Monday, an official had said.
Within hours of the video of the girls thrashing three boys being highlighted on social media and news channels the suspension orders were given by Haryana Roadways General Manager, Sonipat.
The two sisters were allegedly eve-teased by three men- Kuldeep, Mohit and Deepak - in the moving bus on Rohtak- Sonipat road last Friday. The sisters had confronted three eve-teasers with one of the girls even hitting the youths with her belt, even as passengers remained mute spectators.
The three culprits were arrested on Sunday after the parents of the two girls lodged an FIR with Haryana police against the three youths informing that the molesters got down at the Kansla village in Rohtak.
The entire incident, recorded by a passenger on mobile phone, went viral both on television and social media. It showed the two girls using hand and belt to thrash the eve teasers, who appeared to be taken by surprise.
However, later four women from Aasan village who were travelling in the same bus gave an affidavit in Sadar police station at Rohtak claiming that the boys were not involved in molestation of the sisters.

Nifty consolidates around 8 550; Bharti Airtel dips 2%Sensex snaps three-day losing streak; ITC up 5%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 03:32 PM IST
The benchmark Sensex snapped a three-day losing streak led by index heavyweight ITC on reports that the government is likely to put on hold its earlier Health Ministry proposal to ban the sale of loose cigarettes
The 30-share Sensex provisionally ended up 112  points at 28,555 and the 50-share Nifty closed 24 points higher at 8,561 after hitting a record high of 8,626.95.
__________________________________
(Updated at 2:20PM)
Markets continued to consolidate in late noon trades on Wednesday as traders turned cautious and booked profits at higher levels.
At 2:20PM, the 30-share Sensex was up 86 points at 28,528 and the 50-share Nifty was up 9 points at 8,546.
In the broader market, BSE midcap and Smallcap indices outperformed the benchmark indices rising 0.4%-0.5% each.
Further, foreign institutional investors were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 391.07 crore on Wednesday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
On Wednesday, the total market capitalisation on the Bombay Stock Exchange topped the Rs 100 trillion mark. The total market capitalisation stood at Rs 100,40, 625 crore at close.
The Indian rupee was trading slightly lower at Rs 61.91 to the US dollar compared to the previous close of Rs 61.89.
BSE FMCG index was the top sectoral gainer up 3% followed by Capital Goods and Auto indices. Consumer Durables, IT and Realty indices were the top losers.
ITC continues to lead gains on the Sensex and the Nifty up 5% on reports that the government is likely to put on hold its earlier Health Ministry proposal to ban the sale of loose cigarettes. Hindustan Unilever was up 1.2%.
Cipla has gained around 2.8%. Cipla and Meda pharmaceuticals have sued Apotex, the largest Canadian owned pharmaceutical company, to enforce the Orange-Book listed patents covering Dymista (azelastine HCl/fluticasone propionate) Nasal Spray.
However, Sun Pharma was down 0.5%. Ranbaxy which is in the process of being acquired by Sun Pharma came under pressure after Germany barred the export of a particular antibiotic from its Madhya Pradesh facility.
ONGC pared early gains and was trading flat. Oil Minister, Dharmendra Pradhan speaking on the side-lines of an industry event ruled out the possibility of exempting ONGC from subsidy pay-outs. Earlier, the minister had informed the Rajya Sabha about government’s plans to rework the subsidy sharing formula for ONGC.
ICICI pared early gains and was up 0.5%. Earlier, the stock touched fresh record high of Rs 366 on BSE after the stock turned ex-stock split today. The private sector lender had subdivided the face value of its equity shares to Rs 2 from Rs 10.
HDFC Bank is trading marginally higher. The private banking major has reduced rates on retail term deposits by 25-50 bps on select maturities.
BHEL has lost 1.6% on profit-booking. On Wednesday, the stock had surged 2.5% on successful commissioning of India's first phase shifting transformer.
Bharti Airtel was down 2% on concerns that selling Africa tower business won't ease Airtel's woes. Africa continues to be a stress point for Bharti Airtel, even as it has turned around its India operations. To add to its woes, operations in Bangladesh and Sri Lanka also continue to underperform.
Market breadth was positive with 1,459 gainers and 1,355 losers on the BSE.

Sugar edges higher by 0.29% on wedding season demandSugar edges higher by 0.29% on wedding season demand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 02:40 PM IST
Sugar prices gained marginally by 0.29 per cent to Rs 2,740 per quintal in futures trade today as speculators created fresh positions amidst pick-up in demand in the spot market in view of the ongoing wedding season.
However, ample supplies from millers capped the rise.
At the National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange, sugar for delivery in December was up by Rs 8, or 0.29 per cent to Rs 2,740 per quintal with an open interest of 9,170 lots.
However, the sweetener for delivery in March held steady at Rs 2,805 per quintal in 14,590 lots.
Market analysts said fresh positions built-up by speculators following improved demand in the spot market in view of wedding season mainly pushed up sugar prices but adequate supplies from millers restricted the rise.

UK-based CDC commits $30 mn into Rabo s new food & agri fundUK-based CDC commits $30 mn into Rabo's new food & agri fund
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 12:21 AM IST
CDC, the British governments’s development finance institution, has committed $30 million to Rabo Equity’s India Agri Business Fund 2 (IABF 2). The fund will be invested in growing businesses across the agri-business industry, such as agricultural input, food processing, rural retail and cold chain storage, and distribution companies.
With CDC as an anchor investor alongside Rabobank, IABF 2 aims to raise up to $200 million. Rabo will invest in 12 and 15 small and medium-sized companies with equity investment sizes ranging from $5-$30 million. Its first fund, India Agri Business Fund 1, launched in 2009, made 10 investments in companies, including Super Agri Seeds, Prabhat Dairy and NCML.
With an estimated total food consumption of $250 billion for 2013, India is the third largest consumer of food in the world and continues to witness significant increases in consumption, with a doubling of overall consumption expected by 2030. However, there are serious concerns over the levels of supply required to match this demand.
Alagappan Murugappan, CDC’s Managing Director, Asia Funds said: “Agribusiness is a key sector for CDC, in India and globally because of its job creating potential. Investments to modernise and develop food and agriculture businesses are urgently needed and will have a direct impact on reducing poverty."

27 mines of Coal India yet to begin production: Goyal27 mines of Coal India yet to begin production: Goyal
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 03:01 PM IST
As many as 27 mines of Coal India having geological reserves of 1,200 million tonne are yet to begin production, Parliament was informed today.
"As regards the non-producing mines of Coal India Ltd (CIL), there are 27 such coal mines," Coal Minister Piyush Goyal said in written reply to Lok Sabha.
The reasons for non production of CIL's mines are delays in obtaining statutory clearances, land acquisition, finalisation of contract, difficult geo-mining condition and development of infrastructure facilities.
The minister said the mines were at different stages of implementation.
Of these mines five are in West Bengal, three in Jharkhand, seven in Chhattisgarh, four in Odisha and eight in Maharashtra, he said.
He further said that as per the information provided by the Coal Controller, Kolkata, coal production has not started in 178 captive coal blocks allocated to various companies. The reasons for non-production of the mines are pending statutory clearances at various levels.
However, he said the Supreme Court had cancelled the allocation of 204 mines out of 218 coal blocks.
Replying to another question, he said, that as on date there are six ongoing projects of Coal India costing Rs 100 and above which are pending/yet to start contribution and implementation.
The projects includes Jhanjra PSLW (R-VI) under ground mine and Narainkuri underground mine.
Of these, three projects are likely to start production next fiscal, one is likely to start in 2016-17 and one in 2018-19.

ONGC to acquire stake in two Siberian oilfieldsONGC to acquire stake in two Siberian oilfields
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 02:13 PM IST
Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), India's biggest explorer, will next week sign a deal to acquire stake in two Siberian oilfields, including the strategic Vankor, during Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to India.
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state explorer, will sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for acquiring the stake in Vankor and Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye fields, government officials said.
The MoU is part of Putin's energy engagement as he seeks to expand trade links with Asian nations to counter sanctions from the US and its allies.
Putin is set to arrive here on December 11.
Russia's biggest oil company Rosneft has offered to sell 10% stake in the strategic Vankor oilfield in Siberia to OVL.
In September, Rosneft had sold 10% stake in the Vankor cluster fields in northern Siberia to China's CNPC for about $1 billion.
Vankor is the largest field to have been discovered and brought into production in Russia in the last 25 years. As of January 1, 2014, the initial recoverable reserves in the Vankor field are estimated at 500 million tonne of oil and condensate, and 182 billion cubic meters of gas.
Sources said OVL is doing due diligence on the proposal and will make an offer post that.
Vankor will reach peak output of 500,000 barrels per day or 25 million tonne a year in 2019. The field, which has driven recent Russian output growth, pumped 435,000 bpd in September.
Russia is the world's top oil producer with current output of 10.5 million bpd but its key producing region - West Siberia - is maturing.
Besides Vankor, Rosneft has also made a proposal to OVL for joint development of Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye oilfield in eastern Siberia.
The field is estimated to hold 991 million barrels of oil equivalent reserves and is planned to start production in 2017. Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye will reach a production plateau of up to 5 million tonne a year (100,000 barrels per day) in 2019.

Online travel agents wary of SpiceJet following cancellations  AAI restrictionsOnline travel agents wary of SpiceJet following cancellations, AAI restrictions
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 12:07 AM IST
Frequent cancellation of flights and the Airports Authority of India’s decision to put SpiceJet on a cash-and-carry mode have made online travel agencies nervous. This is because while full-service airlines, which are members of International Air Transport Association, give seven-day credit to travel agents to make payments for ticket sales, low-cost airlines such as SpiceJet do not follow the model and instead collect advance amounts from agents. For this, agents are allowed to sell tickets of a higher sum than their deposits.
The deposits vary between seasons airlines usually collect higher deposits in times of flash sales. This enables agents to increase sales. Over the past few months, online travel portals have been limiting the deposits placed with SpiceJet and the latest developments have added to their worries. SpiceJet has a market share of 17.3 per cent in October and 18.5 per cent in January-October period. It did not respond to an email query on matter.  
“Everyone would be cautious considering the reports about the health of the airline. Let’s hope for the sake of Indian economy that the airline manages to pull through,” said a senior executive of a leading online travel agency.
The travel agents fear that in case SpiceJet goes bust, they could face same difficulties in securing refunds for their customers. However, the airline management insists the airline is not going the Kingfisher way.
In the past few weeks, the operating environment has improved and noted value investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picked up 1.4% stake in the airline. Analysts too are hopeful that a turnaround is possible but say it will depend on further cash infusion.
“Based on an expected fall in ATF prices, further cost rationalisation and sensible revenue management post recapitalisation, it is possible to see SpiceJet’s turnaround in the next 12-18 months,” says Kapil Kaul, chief executive officer (South Asia) at the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation.

Indian solar market witnesses influx of global investmentIndian solar power market sees global fund flow
Shreya Jai | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 12:46 AM IST
As Indian policy makers announce big-ticket projects and set huge targets for solar power capacity addition, global investors smell a huge opportunity.
US-based Morgan Stanley is likely to make a big investment in the solar space soon, likely in a +100-Mw project. So are other institutional investors such as IFC and Standard Chartered. Besides, Goldman Sachs, which invested about $375 million in Sumant Sinha-promoted ReNew Power, is looking to make more such investments in noted or upcoming companies in the clean energy space.
US Exim Bank, during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent visit to the US, extended a funding of $1 billion for solar power programmes in India. “Similarly, ADB and German state-owned KfW are also on board for providing funding to the solar programmes to be announced by the government,” said a senior government official in the ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE).
Solar power in India is about to see a massive scale-up of 100,000 Mw. MNRE has got the mandate from the prime minister to achieve this goal by 2019.
If the plan of adding 100,000 Mw of solar power hits the ground, India would need investment to the tune of around $110 billion, including transmission capacity, according to government calculations.
“All of this could not come from domestic investors alone. More than half of this amount, or even more, will come from outside India. The big-ticket announcements by the Indian government has made serious investors sit up and take notice,” said Vinay Rustogi, managing director, Bridge to India, a leading consultancy firm monitoring foreign investment in India’s renewable energy space. Of the $15-20 billion that the country will need annually, around $6 billion is likely to come from foreign investors.
On the manufacturing and power production side, at least 10 big Chinese solar companies are looking to set up joint ventures in India. Senior officials in the Madhya Pradesh government said talks with a Chinese solar cell manufacturer to set up a facility in the state were in the last stage.
From the US, First Solar and SunEdison already have a presence in the country; both participated in bidding for state and Central projects. The others in line are mostly European power utility companies — EDF, Fonoroche and Solairedirect from France and B Electric from Germany. Solairedirect group created history in the first phase of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission by bidding the lowest tariff of Rs 7.9 a unit for a five-Mw project.
First Solar has an installed capacity of more than eight Gw across the globe. In the solar cell markets, First Solar currently controls around 20 per cent of the market; it is planning to increase this to 25 per cent.
“The Indian solar market is a big space to play around and we will not only look at solar cells market but utility-scale projects as well,” said Sujoy Ghosh, country head, First Solar India. The company recently won 40-Mw solar power plants in Andhra Pradesh at a bid of Rs 5.35 a unit, the lowest in current times.
New York Stock Exchange-listed SunEdison has 95 Mw of operational solar plants in the country. With its presence in tenders for almost all state and Central project, SunEdison is likely to emerge as one of the leading players.
Finland’s state-controlled Fortum India Pvt Ltd, which forayed in the Indian solar power market last year, is looking at both acquiring and bidding for projects. Fortum acquired a five-Mw solar power plant in Rajasthan last year, and also bid for 10-Mw in the Phase-II, second batch of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission, in January this year. Senior executives of the company, which set up an office recently, said Fortum was gearing up to participate in the projects that the government was planning to offer.
SUNNY SIDE UP
Private equity companies looking at Indian market: Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, IFC and Standard Chartered
Institutional funding: ADB, US Exim bank and German state owned KfW to fund programmes by the ministry of new and renewable energy
Foreign solar giants: First Solar (US), SunEdison (US), Fortum (Finland), Solairedirect, EDF and Fonoroche (France)
Chinese solar cell manufacturers identifying sites for setting up units in India
Madhya Pradesh likely to host the first Chinese solar cell manufacturing facility

Revenue intelligence officials should cooperate more with global agencies  says FMRevenue intelligence officials should cooperate more with global agencies, says FM
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 01:57 PM IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said agencies like the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) should increase cooperation with their global counterparts to crack down on tax evasion and smuggling. Speaking at a Customs enforcement conference, Jaitley said effective steps to curb tax evasion and avoidance were necessary to ensure “free trade remains fair trade”.
“In an era of free trade and trade liberalisation, there is need for global cooperation and sharing of intelligence information among countries, especially the neighboring ones, to control illicit movement of goods across the border,” he said.
Jaitley also directed revenue intelligence officials to increase the use of technology and develop the ability to read between the lines to check financial malpractices. “The dynamics of revenue intelligence would continue to evolve with changing times. The world is obliterating the distinction between tax evasion and tax avoidance,” he said.
The finance minister added there was a time when incentive for tax evasion and smuggling was high. However, with a decline in tax rates, tariffs and duties, the incentive for financial malpractices was down, he said. India has raised the issues concerning tax evasion and avoidance at several international meetings, especially the G-20 deliberations.
Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das, also speaking at the event, said DRI should focus on trade-based money laundering. He asked the Customs and DRI officials to work in a non-intrusive manner, so that legitimate movement of goods and services across the border and within the country was not affected. “Those who are doing trade in a legitimate and fair manner should be encouraged and treated in a friendly manner.”

Coal Min to put 18 additional blocks for sale in first phase: secretaryCoal Min to put 18 additional blocks for sale in first phase: secretary
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 01:40 PM IST
The Coal Ministry will auction or allot 18 more coal blocks in addition to already announced 74 mines for sale in the first lot to meet the growing demand for the fossil fuel.
"We have now finalised (to allot and auction) 18 more blocks which have an additional capacity of about 120 million tonne (MT)," Coal Secretary Anil Swarup told PTI.
"These (coal blocks) will be primarily for power sector because when we analysed the number of coal blocks to be put up for auction we discovered that sufficient number of coal blocks were not available for power sector.
"Hence we scouted for more blocks which are better in terms of readiness. Those 18 blocks have been added to the list," he said.
Out of the 92 coal blocks to be alloted and auctioned in the first lot, 57 mines would be given to the power sector, while the remaining mines would be for the sectors like steel and cement, the Secretary said.
Of the 57 blocks to be allotted and auctioned for the power sector, 23 will be considered for allotment to states and the rest will be put for auction, he said.
The government had last month announced auctioning of 74 blocks in the first phase, including 42 blocks which are already into production and 32 which are ready for production.
The sale process of the first lot of coal blocks, whose allotments were cancelled by the Supreme Court, will start on February 11 and mines will be allotted only to specified end-users.
The apex court had termed the allocation of 204 mines since 1993 as "arbitrary and illegal".
The government had already made it clear that the number of mines a company can bid will be capped to avoid monopoly.
The e-auction of coal blocks will have a two-stage tender process of technical and financial bids.

Chinas -anti-graft drive targets Sinopec© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f0cc6d0a-7b82-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Europe stocks near fresh high before ECBEuro rallies after ECB keeps powder dry
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/14ed1f00-7b5f-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas -anti-graft drive targets Sinopec© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f0cc6d0a-7b82-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Betfair raises dividend after World CupBetfair rewards patient investors with dividend boost
Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3dd8aa4e-7b8f-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex rises in early trade  Nifty hits new peakMarket Update: Sensex ends 120 pts higher, Nifty hits new peak of 8,564.40
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 17:20 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Thursday bounced back to end with a gain of 120 points and Nifty jumped 26.75 points after rising to new lifetime high on the back of heavy buying in ITC shares on buzz that the government will not ban sales of loose cigarettes.
Global cues were also supportive.
Asian and European stocks surged on talk of global monetary stimulus ahead of a European Central Bank policy meeting that could move closer to expanded monetary easing.
ITC , the most influential stock in 30-share BSE Sensex, jumped 5.44 per cent to over six-month high on speculation that government will put on hold its proposal to ban sales of loose cigarettes.
Shares of other cigarette makers like Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries also rose in 2-6 per cent range.
The Sensex, which had retreated from record highs by falling over 251 points in the previous three sessions, opened on Thursday on a strong footing.
It quickly soared to day's high of 28,808.78.
However, profit-booking at higher levels forced it to pare gains and closed at 28,562.82, up 120.11 points, or 0.42 per cent.
On similar lines the 50-share National Stock Exchange index Nifty, after scaling a new peak of 8,626.95 in early trade, closed at 8,564.40, up 26.75, or 0.31 per cent.
Intra-day, the gauge breached its earlier record of 8,623 reached on December 1. Persistent foreign capital inflows into equity market also boosted the market sentiment.
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 391.07 crore on Wednesday. Besides ITC, Sensex constituents Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, ICICI Bank , Hindustan Unilever, HDFC Bank, SBI, Axis Bank, HDFC and Bajaj Auto notched up moderate gains.
Sectorally, the BSE FMCG index gained the most by rising 3 per cent, followed by Banking index 0.76 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.40 per cent, Metal index 0.29 per cent, Auto index 0.13 per cent and Power index 0.06 per cent.
Buying activity also witnessed in smallcap and midcap stocks.
The BSE Small Cap index rose 0.31 per cent and the BSE Midcap index gained 0.25 per cent.
Most Asian indices rose.
Chinese shares soared to multi year highs amidst steep rise in financial and oil shares and on the back of expectations of further economic stimulus measures, said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.

ITC rises on reports plan to ban sale of loose cigarettes may be shelvedITC closes 5.44% up on reports plan to ban sale of loose cigarettes may be shelved
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 17:05 IST
The ITC stock was trading higher on media reports that the government's plan to ban sale of loose cigarettes is facing resistance from within the BJP and outside circles.
At 12:45 pm, the stock rose more than 5.29 per cent to Rs 382.20 on the BSE. The stock which is regarded as a defensive bet closed 5.44 per cent higher at Rs 382.75 on the BSE.
News reports say objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations may put the health ministry's proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes on hold.
At a meeting called by Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu, Health Minister J P Nadda assured the MPs that he will look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and industry before taking any policy decision.
Union Ministers besides MPs from two major tobacco- producing states Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, including Ananth Kumar and Nirmala Sitharaman and Mohanbhai Kundaria, were present at the meeting where Nadda was told to address all concerns and not to take any hasty step.
The Parliamentarians were of the view that without providing suitable alternatives to cash crops in tobacco and arecanut-growing areas, farmers should not be penalised by introducing drastic regulatory measures, sources said.

India shows link between crude oil and goldIndia shows link between crude oil and gold
Clyde Russell     Australia   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 13:43 IST
Photo: Reuters
A common theme in recent gold market reports is the link between price movements in the precious metal and crude oil.
While there certainly appears to be a valid correlation in recent years, one that has strengthened in recent months, events in India show a different, unexpected link between the two commodities.
The country's authorities caught the gold market by surprise on November 28 by scrapping the so-called 80-20 rule, under which 20 per cent of all imported gold had to be re-exported in the form of jewellery.
Gold traders had been expecting a tightening of restrictions on gold rather than a loosening, and while a 10 per cent customs duty remains, the likelihood is that the country will now import more of the yellow metal and reclaim from China its title as the world's top importer.
The government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi, which ordered the relaxation, and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which announced the move, didn't provide any reasons.
But it's not hard to see a link with crude oil, and to a lesser extent coal.
Crude is country's largest import item by value, followed by gold. Together they accounted for 42 per cent of all imports in October.
However, oil imports by value are falling sharply, with October's $12.36 billion being 19.2 per cent below the same month last year.
This represents a reduction in the current account deficit (CAD) of about $2.6 billion, and that's just one month of oil imports.
OIL SAVINGS OUTWEIGH ANY GOLD GAINS
Assuming Brent oil remains around the current $70 a barrel, India would stand to save about $52.7 billion on oil imports in 2015 versus 2013.
This is based on an average Brent oil price of around $108 a barrel in 2013 and daily imports of around 3.8 million barrels, which is what they have been in the first 10 months of this year.
In contrast, even if gold imports recover to 2013 levels of just under 1,000 tonnes from the current likely 2014 outcome of around 850 tonnes, the extra cost comes nowhere near the saving on oil.
The spot gold price averaged $1,411 an ounce in 2013, meaning India's imports of 974 tonnes cost about $44 billion. If gold averages around $1,200 an ounce in 2015, 1,000 tonnes would cost about $38.4 billion.
This means that, at current prices, India can actually increase gold imports to record levels and still not add to the current account deficit.
Look at these figures and it's not hard to see why gold imports suddenly became less of an economic concern than they were two or three years ago, when they were rising even as the gold price reached a record above $1,900 an ounce in September 2011.
In fact, the current account deficit has largely disappeared as a concern for Modi's government, given the steep declines in the prices of oil, gold and coal.
Even rising coal imports won't add much to the deficit, with prices likely to be at least $10 to $15 a tonne lower next year than they were in 2013.
Even if coal imports jump to 210 million tonnes in the fiscal year starting April 2015, as forecast by consultants OreTeam, that won't cost significantly more than the 168.4 million tonnes imported in the fiscal year ended March 2014.
The decline in crude prices has lowered country's import bill to such an extent that it's conceivable all restrictions on gold imports could be scrapped.
(Clyde Russell is a Reuters columnist. The views expressed are his own.)

Intel to invest US $1.6 bn in China factoryIntel to invest US $1.6 billion to upgrade China factory
Gerry Shih     Beijing   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 14:59 IST
The announcement comes three months after Intel purchased a minority stake in a government-controlled semiconductor company. (Photo: Reuters)
Intel Corp, the American multinational, will invest US $1.6 billion to upgrade its factory in a city in western China, the latest sign of how the chipmaker is deepening ties in a market that is proving increasingly troublesome for some United States technology peers.
Intel, in a statement on Thursday, said it would bring its most advanced chip-testing technology to China as part of the upgrade. In exchange it will receive local and regional government support for construction.
"Deploying our newest advanced testing technology in China shows our commitment to innovating jointly with China," Intel executive Vice President William Holt said in the statement. "The fully upgraded Chengdu plant will help the Chinese semiconductor industry and boost regional economic growth," he added.
The announcement comes three months after the US-based chipmaker purchased a minority stake in a government-controlled semiconductor company to jointly design and distribute mobile chips, an industry that China considers to be of strategic importance.
The tech major 's fortunes in China contrast with the travails of its rival, Qualcomm, which is expected to announce in the coming days a potentially record-breaking settlement with Chinese antitrust regulators.
China's investigation into San Diego-based Qualcomm, as well as a spate of recent probes against firms including Microsoft, has prompted an outcry from foreign business lobbies. They say the Chinese government is increasingly adopting strong-arm tactics to yield technology-sharing or other arrangements beneficial to the domestic industry.
The government, meanwhile, has defended its regulatory scrutiny as even-handed. It has pointed to a history of Qualcomm and Microsoft facing similar antitrust probes in Western countries.
Analysts say there is a broad recognition that foreign companies must do more to stay in China's good graces.
"Intel's taking the approach that's appreciated by the Chinese government," Nomura analyst Leping Huang said. "These days if you want to make money in China, you have to invest in China."
(Reuters)

ONGC to buy stake in two Siberian oilfieldsONGC to buy stake in two Siberian oilfields
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 14:25 IST
Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), India's biggest explorer , will next week sign a deal to acquire stake in two Siberian oilfields, including the strategic Vankor, during Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to India.
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of the state explorer , will sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for acquiring the stake in Vankor and Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye fields, government officials said.
The MoU is part of Putin's energy engagement as he seeks to expand trade links with Asian nations to counter sanctions from the US and its allies.
Putin is set to arrive in Newe Delhi on December 11.
Russia's biggest oil company Rosneft has offered to sell 10 per cent stake in the strategic Vankor oilfield in Siberia to OVL.
In September, Rosneft had sold 10 per cent stake in the Vankor cluster fields in northern Siberia to China's CNPC for about $1 billion.
Vankor is the largest field to have been discovered and brought into production in Russia in the last 25 years. As of January 1, 2014, the initial recoverable reserves in the Vankor field are estimated at 500 million tonnes of oil and condensate, and 182 billion cubic meters of gas.
Sources said OVL is doing due diligence on the proposal and will make an offer post that.
Vankor will reach peak output of 500,000 barrels per day or 25 million tonnes a year in 2019. The field, which has driven recent Russian output growth, pumped 435,000 bpd in September.
Russia is the world's top oil producer with current output of 10.5 million bpd but its key producing region - West Siberia - is maturing.
Besides Vankor, Rosneft has also made a proposal to OVL for joint development of Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye oilfield in eastern Siberia.
The field is estimated to hold 991 million barrels of oil equivalent reserves and is planned to start production in 2017. Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye will reach a production plateau of up to 5 million tonnes a year (100,000 barrels per day) in 2019.
Russia and Rosneft are courting China and India after EU and US slapped sanctions on them for Moscow's involvement in Ukraine.
The sanctions would further restrict Rosneft's access to foreign loans, prohibiting the company from receiving any loans with more than 30 days maturity. Rosneft's finances have been strained by the EU and US sanctions.
OVL is interested in expanding its presence in Russia as it looks to source one million barrels per day of oil and oil-equivalent gas from Russia.
OVL already has 20 per cent stake in Sakhalin-1 oil and gas field in Far East Russia and in 2009 acquired Imperial Energy, which has fields in Siberia, for $2.1 billion.

NMDC eyes 70% more output in next 10 yearsNMDC aims to increase production by 70 per cent in next 10 years
IANS     Kolkata   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 14:32 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
The National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) aims to increase its production by 70 per cent within the next 10 years and has received approval from the central government to explore mining in India.
The NMDC will work in association with the Geological Survey of India (GSI) and Navayuga Engineering Co (NECL).
"We had approached the government for exploration at free of charges. The NMDC has plans to start an extensive exploration process now," NMDC chairman and managing director Narendra Kothari said on the sidelines of a programme in Kolkata on Wednesday.
The NMDC has recently bought a sizeable stake in an Australian mineral exploration company and is expected to use it for both domestic and global operations.
India has 12 per cent of the global reserve of coal, but only 18 per cent of the Indian mainland has been explored so far.
"The per capita mineral consumption in India is the lowest among BRIC countries," Kothari said.
Stating that minerals are the backbone of the economy, Kothari highlighted the need for extensive development of infrastructure and research and development temperament and facilities.
Commenting about the target and the volume of business, Kothari said; "By 2019, we will be reaching 60 million tonnes and by 2025 we would touch 100 million tonnes."
The NMDC is also coming up with a steel plant in Bastar in Chhattisgarh by 2016 and is investing Rs.16,000 crores for the project.
As production increases on the domestic front, the state owned company is also planning to increase its exports from about 6 per cent to 10 per cent in the next two years.

Sahara sells Gurgaon land for Rs 1 211-cr | Patel Engg sells Mumbai land for Rs 300 crBREAKING NEWS
Release one step closer for Subrata Roy: Sahara sells Gurgaon land worth Rs 1,211 cr to M3M
By Ravi Teja Sharma , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.35AM IST
0
Share More
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Cash-strapped Sahara group has sold a prime plot near Delhi-Gurgaon border to Gurgaonbased developer M3M India for Rs 1,211 crore as part of efforts to raise funds for bailing out its chairman Subrata Roy . M3M announced the sale on Thursday, a day after the Supreme Court allowed Sahara to sell four properties located in Vasai and Pune, Jodhpur and Chauma.
Sahara has been trying to sell the 185 acres, close to the Indira Gandhi International Airport, for the past year. According to people close to the development, it had initially put a price of Rs 1,700 crore for the plot. Although the deal with M3M has been inked atRs 6.5 crore an acre, brokers and market experts say the ongoing rate for an acre of land in this area is betweenRs 9 crore and Rs 10 crore.
But Pankaj Bansal, director at M3M India, said this was not a distress sale by Sahara. According to Bansal, the company plans to build a mixed-use project on the land, which will have internationally-branded residences, serviced apartments as well as retail and entertainment zones.
The company will be able to construct on approximately 12 million sq ft of this land. In response to an email questionnaire, Sahara said, "We have placed all the relevant records in front of the honourable Supreme Court. Since the matter is sub-judice, we cannot comment any further on your query".
The group had informed the court about the sale, which then gave permission to close the deal. Explaining the payment arrangements, Bansal said the company has given six post-dated cheques and Sahara will get the entire money in the next six months in instalments.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Real Estate on Twitter Follow

Many options for pvt players to invest in ...Lok Sabha
(Govt said a slew of options…)
NEW DELHI: Government today said a slew of options are available for private players for investment in power sector for generation of electricity that include Design-Build-Finance-Operate-Transfer (DBFOT) and Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT).
Power Minister Piyush Goyal told Lok Sabha that the Centre has notified guidelines and model bidding documents in 2013-14 for procurement of electricity by amending earlier guidelines notified in 2005 due to inadequate treatment of fuel risks and termination provisions.
Based on the information furnished by Central Electrical Authority, Goyal said during Question Hour that the total investment made in power sector during the 11th plan by private players is Rs 2,83,805 crore and during the first two years of the 12th plan is Rs 1,17,999 crore.
For the Design-Build-Finance-Operate-Transfer (DBFOT) mode of power procurement, the project assets are required to be handed over to the utilities after successful completion of the concession period.
An option has also been given to the developer to take project assets on lease basis up to 99 years on successful completion of contract. For other modes of procurement, the project assets continue to be owned by the developers after completion of contract period.
Bidding framework based on first year tariff as evaluation parameter, instead of multiple parameters coupled with levelised tariff concept used earlier.
Concession period for generation project is fixed for a period of 15-30 years including the construction period, with a provision for extension at the option of either the concessionaire or the utility. Yet another extension can be undertaken if both the parties so agreed, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New panel to check trade-based money launderingThis is part of the government's efforts to clamp down on black money generation by Indian entities both within and outside the country.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government has set up a high-level panel to look into trade-based money laundering activities involving manipulation of export and import invoices in particular, a measure that is part of the efforts to clamp down on generation of black money by Indian entities both within and outside the country.
The director general (DG) of the Central Economic Intelligence Bureau (CEIB) will be the convener of the committee, set up recently, to suggest steps to check trade-based money laundering activities."A committee has been formed to study modalities of this (trade-based) money laundering and devise methods to deal with problems on how it happens and develop models and ways of dealing with it," an official said.The committee comprises the DG of the CEIB, DG of the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, Enforcement Directorate, director of the Financial Intelligence Unit and the investigation wing of the Central Board of Direct Taxes.
The official said the committee will develop and crystallise indicators on the kind of transactions to study and flag if something is wrong.
Besides, it has been entrusted with flow of meaningful information among agencies, filtering the information and passing it on to the relevant organisation, added the official, who did not wish to be identified.
Trade-based money laundering typically involves over or underinvoicing based on whether some entities want to take money from India abroad or bring illegal money from outside and make it legal. It also involves activity such as money remittances made abroad through banking channels when the import never materialises.
'Tax Evasion Must Be Curbed'
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has asked revenue intelligence agencies to enhance cooperation with their global counterparts to effectively check tax evasion and smuggling. "World is obliterating the distinction between tax evasion and tax avoidance...," Jaitley said, while inaugurating the second regional customs enforcement conference, organised by the directorate of revenue intelligence on Thursday.
Revenue intelligence officials must increase global cooperation to check tax evasion and smuggling, he added. Effective steps to curb tax evasion and avoidance are necessary to ensure that "free trade remains fair trade", Jaitley said."In an era of free trade and trade liberalisation, there is a need for global and international cooperation and sharing of intelligence information among countries, especially among the neighboring ones, in order to control the illicit movement of goods across border," he said.
The dynamics of revenue intelligence would continue to evolve with changing times, the minister said. Officers need to be trained in order to read between the lines and be fully equipped to handle the latest technology tools to keep pace with the techniques used by the tax evaders, Jaitley added.

NBCC rallies 6%  has returned 400% YTD; here s what the management has to sayNBCC rallies about 6%; navratna status is giving NBCC some confidence, says Anoop Kumar Mittal, CMD
ET Now Dec 4, 2014, 04.10PM IST
Tags:
Anoop Kumar Mittal
(The state of Navratna definitely…)
NBCC rallied as much as 7.7 per cent in intraday trade on Thursday. The stock hit a low of Rs 845 and a high of Rs 896.95. For the year, the stock has rallied over 400 per cent till date.
The stock ended the day at Rs 877.60; up 5.47 per cent.
In a chat with ET Now, Anoop Kumar Mittal, CMD, NBCC, shares his business outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: First, talk about the broader and the big picture of NBCC. You got the Navratna status about a quarter ago and after that Navratna status, how has life changed for NBCC?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: It is eactly not because of the Navratna status that things have changed, it is because of the work which we have done in the last two years that is giving some kind of results. The state of Navratna definitely is giving us some kind of confidence and to our customers also and that is also motivating NBCC to go abroad. We are in close discussion with a few companies in Turkey, Malaysia and Oman.
ET Now: This morning you have signed an MoU with Air India for development of land parcels at various locations on a joint venture basis. Could you highlight revenue opportunity with this deal?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: This agreement was in discussion since long and finally today we have signed an agreement with the Air India chairman in presence of both the honourable ministers, the Minister of Urban Development and the Minister of Civil Aviation.
Silent features of this agreement is NBCC will redevelop or develop their greenfield land parcels where land will be their equity and construction and construction-related expertise will be NBCC's contribution and profit will be shared according to that. One more thing we have decided in this meeting today is we will launch one project in this financial year, say, in next three to four months, and initially we will focus on a project which is in Chennai and another project will be at Vasant Kunj in Delhi.
ET Now: Which are the land parcels you are planning to develop?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: We will start with their land parcels in Chennai and Vasant Kunj in Delhi and after that we will have discussion with them and identify a few more projects. These things will be disclosed, say, after 15 to 20 days or a month.
ET Now: I know you are not willing to put in a specific number there, but how much commitment has been made for how much land to be developed?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: Honestly I am also not aware of the number of total land parcels. I have been told they have 70-80 land parcels, but these land parcels are in different cities and different models. Some are on lease, some are on ownership basis. So we have to do some kind of due diligence before giving you an exact number of land parcels and the area of land.
ET Now: Can you give us a flavour of your order book and especially the order book which is coming from the infrastructure sector because currently 25-26% of your total order book is only from the infra space?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: In this financial year we have secured around Rs 5000 crore works, and out of this almost Rs 2000 crore is from the infrastructure sector, like we have one contract from NTPC worth Rs 550 crore, then rural road project in West Bengal, then creation of new blocks in IIT Kanpur and there are similar kind of projects in other cities and ministries. We have won a contract of border road organization, valuing approximately 1800 crore, which will be taken off in the next financial year.
  ET Now: I also want to understand this deal that you entered with Air India. I know you would not be able to spell out many details, but would these projects, this development that you are going to be doing of land parcels with Air India come at higher margins?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: Definitely because all the land parcels of Air India are situated in metro towns and that too in very prominent locations. So with this agreement, Air India will also be benefitted and they will be able to generate some money for their development plan.
ET Now: Are there any big projects which could substantially boost your top line and bottom line in the next two quarters? Is there some huge project, the revenue recognition is still pending?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: Projects are in progress. Those projects will only give top line increase or bottom line increase, and the orders which we are securing, whether from infrastructure companies or Air India, will take some time. We have started the building of NBCC in the last two years or one-and-a-half-years and you will see the exact results after one year or six months time.
ET Now: I must say that your stock is very popular amongst some smart NHI investors and most of the NHI investors I have interacted with, who track your stock, are of the view that you will soon be a billion dollar company at top line. When I say a billion dollar company, that is about Rs 6,00,000 crore. So are NHI investors right in assessing that?

Macquaire highlights five-Is for India s high GDP growthDefence and Railways sectors
(According to Macquaire,…)
NEW DELHI: While acknowledging that the underlying momentum of economic activity remains mixed, Macquaire Research in its latest report 'India Strategy Outlook 2015: From Promise to Performance', highlights five essential factors that will help India move to higher growth path.
"From being amongst the least preferred markets more than a year ago, India has climbed up the charts to being amongst the most preferred markets to invest in," said Macquaire. According to Macquaire, the 5Is that would drive India's growth are - Infra, Interest Rates, 'India made', Indirect tax reforms and Internet.
According to Rakesh Arora, MD and Head of Research at Macquaire, the Indian economy is likely to start growing in the 7-8% range FY17 onwards. "We see a 5.4% growth rate in this financial year and 6.5% in FY16. From FY17 onwards the economy should start growing at 7% plus rate," Arora told Economictimes.com.
We take a look at the 5-Is that Macquaire Research has outlined in its report and the rationale for citing them as key drivers of India's economic growth:
1) Infrastructure: According to Rakesh Arora, "Infrastructure is a key focus area for the new government. Within infrastructure we are bullish on roads, railways and transportation." "The government has announced a target of building 30 km of roads per day, we are hoping that things will pick up drastically soon," Arora told Economictimes.com.
"National Highways Authority of India has already lined up close to $10 billion of projects awards to be done over the next 3-6 months," states the Macquaire report.
"Railways and urban metro projects are additional areas slated to receive priority under the new government. Pace of activity on dedicated freight corridor and key rail links for coal evacuation should pick up in 2015," the report adds. Arora told Economictimes.com that with Suresh Prabhu taking charge, Indian Railways is expected to turnaround in a big way.
2) Interest Rates: Industry has been widely calling for a rate cut from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and Macquaire lists this as one key factor in driving India's economic growth.
"Infrastructure and capital goods firms are highly leveraged. A rate cut by the RBI - when it happens - is is going to have a very important impact," Arora said, while elaborating on the importance of a rate cut from the central bank. "RBI rate cut will have a chain impact. For the calendar year 2015, we expect the central bank to go in for 100 basis points cut," Arora added.
Arora feels that with international oil prices plunging, inflation will continue its downward trajectory. "The oil price fall is not temporary. We don't see oil crossing $100 mark anytime in the near future," Arora said when asked if crude prices will continue to be benign.
3) India Made: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's focus on 'Make in India' is likely to be a vital aspect in India's growth potential in the coming years. "The manufacturing sector's share of overall GDP has stagnated over the past few years around the 15% level. Manufacturing will likely play a bigger role in driving incremental growth for India, in our view," said Macquaire in its report.
"Opening up FDI in sectors such as Defence has given credence to the government's 'Make in India' pitch. Growth in the manufacturing sector would also help increase India's share of world exports (currently less than 2% as of 2013)," the report adds.
Rakesh Arora feels that currently a lot of progress has been made in making 'Make in India' a reality in the Defence and Railways sectors . "However, these things, the projects will take some time to pick up. Some progress has already been made, though," Arora told Economictimes.com.
4) Indirect Tax Reforms: Industry is widely looking forward to the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) and Macquaire also sees it as a crucial factor in upping India's growth rate. "According to NCAER, a comprehensive GST implementation could increase India's GDP within a range of 0.9% to 1.7% in the short-medium term following rollout. At the same time, the implementation of GST would address the barriers on the movement of goods between states, which in turn would improve the efficiency of transport logistics," Macquaire's report said.
Arora is of the opinion that with GST rollout, costs related to logistics would come down significantly. He hopes that the GST Bill will be tabled in the Parliament this season and should be implemented by FY17. "Over three to four years, GST should help increase GDP growth by about 1-2%," Arora said.
5) Internet: Macquaire sees e-commerce as an upcoming trend. "With rising income levels amongst middle-class Indians, an increasing internet penetration rate, the current low levels of online e-commerce activity and the development of the ancillary logistics and payments industries to drive online purchasing activity, we believe there is huge potential for spending growth via this channel," Macquaire's report said.
"The number of Indians on the internet and using e-commerce is still pretty low at the moment, which presents a unique opportunity where rising internet usage leads to higher spending on the e-commerce platform," the report added.
"In India, the internet penetration is very high. I don't see any bottlenecks to availability of internet on a pan-India scale," Arora said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aviation Minister Raju seeks easing of regul...You are here: Home > Collections > Spicejet
Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju seeks easing of regulations to boost sector
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 03.56PM IST
Tags:
Ashok Gajapathy Raju
(The minister's comment…)
NEW DELHI: Voicing concern over financial health of domestic airlines, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju today sought easing of regulations to boost the growth of the aviation sector.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. Kingfisher crashing and right now SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju said.
He was speaking at the MoU signing ceremony between national carrier Air India and National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) for a joint venture to develop and manage Air India land assets.
Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu was also present on the occasion.
The minister's comment comes in the backdrop of industrialist Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier SpiceJet curtailing its operations by reducing both flights and fleet in view of fund crunch.
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
Besides, the airline auditors in their recent report have also cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run it as a "going concern".
Noting that the growth in the aviation sector was restricted due to some "odd reasons", Raju said certain regulations needs to be relooked to attract investments in the sector.
"For some odd reasons, we have restricted the growth of airlines in the country. We have developed regulations which pulls back Indians, which does not allow Indians to perform. So, I think there also we have to work," he said.
Advising Air India to work as a team, he said the cohesiveness of a team only delivers performance.
"Somehow we have lost sight on that and its high time we get back to it," he said, urging the national airline to keep its focus on core business of aviation.
"Air India has collected a lot of art objects...somehow our focus should not be shifting to real estate or art. Its mainstay should be aviation."
On Air India forming a joint venture with NBCC to monetise its land assets, the minister said the strength of the two public sector companies will be complimentary in the interest of the country.
"These synergies have to be harnessed in the interest of the country. This is a step in this direction," he said.
Terming the JV as a "wise decision," Naidu expressed hope that the collaboration will go a long way and help Air India in improving its financial situation.
Earlier, Air India chairman and managing director Rohit Nandan and NBCC CMD Anoop Kumar Mittal signed the MoU in the presence of the two Union ministers.
Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA), while approving Air India's Financial Restructuring Plan and Turn Around Plan, has envisaged monetisation of assets in Air India to the tune of Rs 5000 crore over the next 10 years along with an annual target of Rs 500 crore from FY13.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Radio taxi cos unite to fight Uber and Ola i...Tweet
The Radio Taxi Association of India has urged state transport corporations in Delhi, Mumbai, Punjab and Hyderabad to waive off or amend the radio taxi scheme.
NEW DELHI: The Radio Taxi Association of India has urged state transport corporations in Delhi, Mumbai, Punjab and Hyderabad to waive off or amend the radio taxi scheme, as they look for a level playing field with taxi service aggregators such as Uber and Ola.
"We have approached the state transport corporations and recommended them to amend the schemes to remove metre calibration and pricing of per kilometre fares. We want state governments to let market forces decide taxi meter pricing," said Rajiv K Vij, member of Radio Taxi Association of India and CEO of Carzonrent, which runs Easy Cabs.
Radio taxi licence holders such as Easy Cabs, Meru Cabs and Mega Cabs have to get their metres calibrated each year and can't change per kilometre prices according to market demand, as they are pre-decided by the state governments.
In contrast, taxi service aggregators like OlaCabs and Uber have introduced 'surge pricing' - under which fares change multiple times during a day according to demand and supply of cabs. "It's an industry where prices go up when demand rises unlike others. The US and UK also have differential pricing for different times of the day. We should also be allowed to offer it to our users," said Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis of India and CEO of Mega Cabs.
Lalani and 10 other members of the association, which includes Meru Cabs, Easy Cabs, Quick Cabs and Wyn Cabs, have also asked Mumbai's transport commissioner to let cabs charge Rs 2 per minute as waiting charge during rush hours.
The association is also seeking an increase in flag-down fare, which currently is Rs 69 in Delhi and Rs 27 in Mumbai. "Our minimum fare should be increased to Rs 150 for the first 4 km. This is also the case in cities such as Singapore and Dubai. Low minimum fare does not incentivize chauffeur to do all trips," the association wrote in its submission to Mumbai's state transport commissioner. While Uber charges Rs 80 as minimum flag-down fare for its Go service, Ola charges Rs 100 as minimum fare up to 4 km.
"It has become a curse to opt for a licence for all of us. We are not even allowed to attach taxis that have a commercial permit," said Lalani.
As per rules, all cabs have to be attached under licence of the radio taxi operator, which, Lalani claims, has made players lose about 20% market share to tech startups in the last 12 months. All cities in India, except Bangalore, have this curb, which radio taxi operators say is preventing 'micro entrepreneurship' of drivers.
Experts agree it's a challenge now to operate under a radio taxi licence. "Their metres have to get calibrated each year, unlike in technology companies where a software can calibrate your metre anytime. Many operators have thus also foregone their licences willingly, as it requires them to have a fleet of over 500 cabs in a city which very few could achieve," said Jaspal Singh, cofounder of Valoriser Consultants, which provides research services for transportation companies.
Radio taxi licences of Routes Car Rent, JAS Cabs and Dial-A-Cab have been cancelled in Delhi as they couldn't achieve the 500 cabs requirement. Orix Auto, on other hand, wilfully asked for a cancellation and has chosen to operate in the rent-a-cab model than as a radio taxi operator. "It's unfortunate but we are letting members surrender licences if their economics does not permit them to scale," said Lalani.

EU has barred imports from Dewas unit  says ...You are here: Home > Collections > Cephalosporin
EU bans imports from Ranbaxy's injectable antibotics unit
Reuters Dec 4, 2014, 03.32PM IST
(All of Ranbaxy's India-based…)
MUMBAI: The European Union has banned imports from a Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd factory unit that makes injectable antibotics after the unit failed an inspection, the latest in a series of quality-related setbacks for the drugmaker.
European authorities inspected all units at Ranbaxy's Dewas plant in June and did not approve the manufacturing practices at the unit that makes injectable cephalosporin antibiotics, Ranbaxy said in a stock market filing on Thursday.
All other units of the facility were approved, it said, adding the company had decided to stop producing cephalosporin injectables at Dewas before the inspection occurred.
"We wish to state that Ranbaxy's decision to discontinue manufacture of cephalosporin injectables would not have a significant impact on the business," Ranbaxy said.
All of Ranbaxy's India-based factories, including Dewas, are already barred from exporting to the United States after the US Food and Drug Administration said its inspections found manufacturing quality lapses.
The latest EU ban on the Dewas plant was enforced after German regulators also found quality lapses during an inspection of the site. The European Medicines Agency, in its statement dated Nov. 26, did not specify, however, if the ban was on the oral or injectable cephalosporin antibiotics units.
An EMA spokeswoman said the German regulator's "non-compliance" report meant that "certain aseptically prepared sterile products" made at the Dewas unit could not be imported into the European Union.
Ranbaxy, which is in the process of being acquired by rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, has previously said it was working on resolving problems at its plants to get the regulatory bans lifted.
The company gets more than half of its revenue from the United States. Western Europe accounted for about 8 per cent of its global sales in the 15-months period ended March 2014, according to company filings.
Shares in Ranbaxy were trading down 0.5 per cent at 0825 GMT on Thursday, after having fallen as much as 1.3 per cent earlier in the day. The main Mumbai market index was up 0.03 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex ends 120 points up; Nifty makes life high | 10 stock betsMacquarie sees Nifty hitting 9,940 levels; top ten stocks to bet on
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 03.31PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(India's impressive return…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index has rallied over 35 per cent so far in the year 2014, but the rally is still not over, says Macquarie, which sees another 16 per cent rise in the index from current levels in the next 12 months to 9,940.
India's impressive return of over 35 per cent in 2014 YTD has been driven by 15 per cent PER rerating and 19 per cent forward EPS growth. The current multiple of 15x PER and 3x P/B are a tad above long-term average and consistent with implied 6.5-7% GDP growth, says global brokerage firm, Macquarie in a note.
Despite the outperformance relative to global markets, the Indian market is still below previous valuation peaks. The brokerage firm believes that the market can re-rate further to 16-17x if economic recovery is stronger than expected. Their 12-month Nifty target is 9940 based on 15x FY17E EPS.
Operating and financial leverage can play out because consensus is forecasting 19 per cent PAT growth for FY16E, driven by 14 per cent revenue growth and 50bps margin expansion.
However, this is much lower than the 40 per cent growth levels seen in previous up-cycles and doesn't factor in the impact of operating and financial leverage as demand improves, inflation abates and interest rates ease.
The sharp fall in crude oil prices has addressed India's immediate problems of CAD, FD and more importantly, inflation. The government has begun the reform process in earnest and has made good headway, with FDI in Defence and Railways, Diesel deregulation, Auction of coal and mineral resources, Labour reforms, etc.
"FDI in Insurance , GST and simplifying the land acquisition process are on the anvil. Rate cut expectations are justifiably increasing with inflation well within the RBI's target of below 6% by Jan 2016," added the report.
The global brokerage firm is of the view that all these factors may improve visibility of GDP growth, which we see picking up from 5.4% in FY15 to 6.5% in FY16 and 7-8% range by FY17.
Top stocks to bet on:
Among large cap names, Macquarie is bullish on Axis Bank , ICICI Bank , L&T, Maruti Suzuki and TCS. In the mid-cap space, the global brokerage firm is positive on Strides Arcolab, JSW Energy, TVS Motors, Crompton Greaves and Yes Bank .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government Eases FDI Rules for Construction SectorYou are here: Home Economy
Government Eases FDI Rules for Construction Sector
Reuters | Updated On: December 03, 2014 17:33 (IST)
China December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
New Delhi: The government has eased foreign direct investment rules for the construction sector, in an effort to attract more money into the country to build new hotels, housing and townships.
Under the new rules, foreign investment is now allowed in projects with a minimum built area of 20,000 square metres, down from a previous 50,000 threshold. The minimum capital investment by foreign companies has also been halved to $5 million, the government said in a statement.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has a vision to create 100 new "smart cities" by 2020, and to make that a reality foreign capital is likely to play a part.
India's construction industry, worth an estimated $126 billion, attracted 11 per cent of all foreign investment into the country between 2000 and 2013, the second highest of any sector, but the pace of investment has slowed in recent years.
India received $1.2 billion of foreign direct investment in the year to March 31 compared with $1.3 billion the previous year. Between April and August this year, foreign investment totalled $446 million.
Vishwas Udgirkar, senior director at Deloitte, said the rules would appeal to investors with less cash or those that wanted to take on less risk.
"This sends a signal to investors. But many other things need to be done simultaneously, at the state level, at the city level," he said.
Decisions to open up land for development and the granting of various approvals typically lie with individual states and municipalities in India.
Previously, India allowed 100 per cent foreign direct investment in real estate development but with strict conditions, including a lock-in period of three years during which the investment cannot be repatriated.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

NMDC plans to step up productionUpdated: December 3, 2014 22:41 IST
NMDC plans to step up production
Special Correspondent
construction and property
The ramp-up will be a phased one with a production of 60 million tonnes being targeted by 2018-19.
Iron ore producer NMDC is finalising plans to jack up production to 100 million tonnes within a decade from 30 million tonnes, Chairman and Managing Director Narendra Kothari said here on Wednesday.He said that this planning was in tandem with the 300 million tonnes of production projected for the steel sector by 2024-25. Although last month’s cyclone hampered production plans, the company hoped to hit its 32-million tonne target this fiscal, he said at the inaugural session of the CII global mining summit. Pointing out that 90 per cent of NMDC’s projected output would come from its own mines and through its joint ventures, he said 10 million tonnes would come from its overseas property — the Legacy Iron Ore Mines in Australia.
Talking to reporters, he said the company was now finalising its corporate plan in this regard, but funds would not be a problem. The ramp-up would be a phased one with a production of 60 million tonnes being targeted by 2018-19.
Besides iron ore, NMDC plans to go for other minerals such as coal, diamond and gold for which it is scouting for leases or buy out opportunities in foreign countries.

Despite uproar  govt. backs SadhviNew Delhi, December 3, 2014
Updated: December 4, 2014 01:18 IST
Despite uproar, govt. backs Sadhvi
National Bureau
Union Minister of State for Food Processing Industries Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti. Photo: PTI/TV grab
TOPICS
national politics
Members from Congress, Trinamool Congress and RSP staged a walkout after government said that the matter should end as she has already apologised.
The government on Wednesday ruled out the resignation or dismissal of Union Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her controversial remarks even as a combined Opposition held up proceedings in Parliament for the second day in a row.
Maintaining that the issue was settled with her apology, senior ministers said it was up to the Opposition to find a way out of the imbroglio.
'Issue settled with apology'
“There is no question of her resigning,” Parliamentary Affairs Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu said in the Rajya Sabha and cited precedent. He said a former UPA minister had used unparliamentary language while referring to former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee while sitting Lok Sabha member Tapas Pal asked Trinamool Congress workers to rape Communist activists in West Bengal.
“No one resigned,” Mr. Naidu said, adding that in both cases it was the leadership which had apologised.
While no business could be conducted in the Rajya Sabha, the Opposition picketed the well of the Lok Sabha through question hour, which was adjourned briefly. The Opposition not only wanted the Minister’s resignation but also questioned Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s silence on the issue. Mr. Modi, who spent the question hour in the Lok Sabha, did not respond.
Mr. Naidu questioned the Opposition for raking up the issue in the Lok Sabha after settling the matter on Tuesday with the Minister’s apology. With Mr. Pal present in the House, the reference to his remarks by the Minister brought BJP’s women members on their feet, matching slogan for slogan.
As the government toughened its stand in the Rajya Sabha, BJP MPs stood up to Opposition members who trooped into the well raising slogans leading to adjournments. As the pandemonium continued, the House was adjourned for the day.

US safety agency demands nationwide recall of Honda carsUpdated: December 4, 2014 08:24 IST
Honda for pan-US recall for 'faulty airbags'
AP
Tweet
AP
File photo provided by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety shows a crash test of a 2002 Honda CR-V, one of the models subject to a recall to repair faulty air bags.
TOPICS
recalls (products)
Under pressure from federal regulators, Honda said on Wednesday that it is expanding a recall of driver’s side air bags to all 50 states.
The air bags, made by Japanese supplier Takata Corp., can explode with too much force, sending metal shrapnel into the passenger compartment.
Takata insists that current recalls covering 8 million U.S. cars in high-humidity areas are sufficient. But the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration wants the recalls expanded nationwide after some incidents outside the high-humidity zones.
Rick Schostek, Honda’s executive vice president for North America, told House lawmakers Wednesday that Honda will expand the regional recall it began in June, but will continue to prioritize high-humidity areas.
Air bag maker refuses to expand recall coast to coast
Japan’s Takata Corp. rejected federal regulators’ demand on Wednesday for an expanded, nationwide recall of millions of air bags, setting up a possible legal showdown and leaving some drivers to wonder about the safety of their cars.
At issue are air bags whose inflators can explode with too much force, hurling shrapnel into the passenger compartment. At least five deaths and dozens of injuries have been linked to the problem worldwide.
Over the past six years, Takata and 10 automakers issued a series of recalls covering 8 million cars in the U.S., mostly in high—humidity areas such as the Gulf Coast, because of evidence that moisture can cause the propellant to burn too quickly. But after incidents in California and North Carolina, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration began pressing for the recall of 8 million more vehicles from coast to coast a demand that Takata flatly rejected.
“There’s not enough scientific evidence to change from a regional recall to a national recall,” Hiroshi Shimizu, Takata senior vice president of global quality assurance, told a House subcommittee on Capitol Hill.
Takata also contends that NHTSA has authority to seek recalls only from auto manufacturers and makers of replacement parts, not from original parts suppliers a position NHTSA contests.
Shimizu insisted that the air bags are safe- “I would drive a car with a Takata air bag.”
“Deeply disappointed”
David Friedman, NHTSA deputy administrator, said he was “deeply disappointed” by Takata’s response.
The agency is now gathering proof that a recall is needed, which it will present at a public hearing. After that, NHTSA could order Takata to undertake a recall, and could take the company to court if it refuses. But Friedman acknowledged that could take months.
“It’s time for industry to step up,” Friedman told lawmakers. “Until (Takata) and automakers act, affected drivers won’t be protected.”
The stalemate is likely to add to the confusion among car owners, many of whom are already bewildered because some of the recalls have covered driver’s—side air bags, while others applied to passenger—side air bags, and a few covered both. The NHTSA—demanded recalls would involve driver’s—side air bags.

Astrology is above science  says BJP MP NishankUpdated: December 4, 2014 11:44 IST
Astrology is above science, says BJP MP Nishank
Lok Sabha
The Former Uttarakhand Chief Minister has landed in fresh controversy by saying India knew about nuclear science a lakh years ago.
Even as the controversy surrounding Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti's allegdly abusive remarks refuses to die down, another BJP MP has started a fresh one — this time on the "ancient knowledge of Indians."
Television reports quoted that, while participating in a debate on The School of Planning and Architecture (SPA) Bill in Lok Sabha on Wednesday, former Uttarakhand chief minister Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank, who is an MP from Haridwar, said: "Science is a dwarf in front of astrology."
He went on to add, "Astrology is the biggest science. It is in fact above science. We should promote it."
"We speak about nuclear science today. But Sage Kanad conducted nuclear test one lakh years ago."
"We had the knowledge of transplant," he said, echoing Prime Minister Narendra Modi's remarks that Lord Ganesha was an example to plastic surgery.
In the past, when Mr. Modi was the Chief Minister of Gujarat, in a foreword for a book, he had written, Lord Rama flew the first aeroplane.
 

Niranjan Jyoti row: PM Modi s statement fails to douse oppn fireModi disapproves Jyoti's remarks, Oppn not happy
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 04, 2014
First Published: 12:05 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:28 IST(5/12/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's statement in Rajya Sabha Thursday strongly criticising his minister Sadhvi  Niranjan Jyoti's controversial remarks and requesting the House to function normally failed to placate opposition MPs who continued to press for her resignation.
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
With opposition parties stalling proceedings in Rajya Sabha for past three days demanding sacking of the minister, Modi appealed to members to allow the House to function in national interest as she has already apologised.
"I was informed about the statement which caused the controversy on the day BJP parliamentary party was to meet. In the meeting I strongly disapproved of the remarks and I said we should avoid using such language," he said.
Leaders should avoid using such language in the heat of elections, he said.
Modi said Jyoti is a first time minister and a new member of Parliament and the House should show magnanimity by accepting her apology considering this.
"When the minister has apologised, I appeal and request the House (to resume normal business)... In national interest, we must carry forward work (of the House)," he said, adding members should maintain decorum.
Modi said he shared the view that after the minister's apology, the matter should be considered closed.
Modi came to the House when it reassembled after a 15-minute adjournment forced by the opposition members demanding resignation of the minister.
As soon as the House met for the day, the entire opposition was on its feet to press for the demand.
As deputy chairman PJ Kurien asked ministers to lay the listed papers, slogan shouting Congress members trooped into the Well.
The slogan shouting continued even after he took up Zero Hour mentions.
With members unrelenting, he adjourned the House for 15 minutes.
When the House reassembled, parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu said the Prime Minister wants to make a statement and he be allowed to do so.
Unmoved opposition
But the Congress and Left parties ignored Modi's request and stood firm on their demand for the minister's resignation.
"The minister's apology is evidence enough that she has made the controversial remark. She should be sacked from the ministry," CPI(M) leader Sitaram Yechury said.
Congress leader Anand Sharma said the Prime Minister should take strong action against the minister as the Constitution does not permit such utterances.
Finance minister and leader of House Arun Jaitley said the Opposition had been demanding that the Prime Minister come to the House and make a statement. Now that Modi has made the statement, the House should get on to its business, he said.
Yechuri said the minister had not apologised and had merely expressed regret.
"Assuming that she has apologised... you apologise only when you have done some wrong," he said, demanding action against the minister.
'Brute majority'
In Lok Sabha a determined opposition sought a statement from the Prime Minister as the House witnessed uproar for the third straight day.
Amid protests by the ruling side, Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge accused the government of attempting to suppress the opposition through "brute majority".
"The Prime Minister is the leader of all. He is the Prime Minister of the country and only he can control or direct his ministers... The whole country wants that such statements need to be condemned and that is why the entire Opposition is requesting for his statement," Kharge said.
His remarks came amid din over the issue as members of several parties including Congress and Trinamool Congress stormed the Well and raised slogans during the Question Hour.
"You are the custodian and only you can check such attitude and behaviour of the government... I am not saying that you have come under their pressure," he told Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
The Speaker denied any pressure on the Chair and said she had to "maintain a balance" as she had to listen to "400 members who also want to ask questions and want proceedings to continue".
"No issue raised by the opposition has gone unnoticed," Mahajan said, adding that in Jyoti's case, the minister has herself apologised and the parliamentary affairs minister has made an appropriate statement.
"Therefore the matter should end there," she observed.
Jyoti, minister of state for food processing industries, had apologised in Parliament on Tuesday, reportedly on the orders of the Prime Minister, but opposition parties like the Left want her sacked and say she must face criminal charges for trying to incite communal hatred.
"The people of Delhi have to decide if they want a government of Ramzaadon (descendants of Ram) or haramzaadon (those who are illegitimately born)," Jyoti had reportedly had said at a public meeting in Delhi on Monday.
The comment created an uproar in both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha over the last three days.
While the din in the lower house settled after Jyoti offered to apologise, members in Rajya Sabha refused to back down, and demanded that she be sacked from the Council of Ministers..
Sadhvi calls off Delhi poll meet
Meanwhile, Sadhvi  cancelled an election rally in the Capital — her second show in as many days.
The evening rally in central Delhi’s Gole Market was junked a day after she was a no-show at a scheduled meeting in south Delhi’s Sheikh Sarai. Phonecalls made by HT to Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay went unanswered.
The cancellations come in the wake of outrage over her expletives-laden speech at a poll meeting on Monday, where she said, “Aapko tay karna hai ki Dilli mein sarkar Ramzadon ki banegi ya haramzadon ki (you have to decide if you want a government in Delhi to be led by children of Ram or illegitimate children).”
(With PTI inputs)

Rupee Flat at 60.90/Dollar  Traders Await Outcome of ECB MeetYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Flat at 60.90/Dollar, Traders Await Outcome of ECB Meet
Reuters | Updated On: December 04, 2014 14:48 (IST)
The rupee was trading flat at 61.9050 to a dollar. Traders are awaiting outcome of the ECB meet, and expect choppiness later in the session.
Euro staggered to near two-year lows today on concerns over further ECB stimulus.
Nifty was trading up 0.13 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Award for Rohtak sisters on hold  govt orders probeHaryana govt puts award for Rohtak sisters on hold
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 04, 2014
First Published: 15:04 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:31 IST(5/12/2014)
Days after announcing an award for two Rohtak sisters who took on their alleged molesters in a moving bus, the Haryana government on Thursday put its plans on hold pending an inquiry after some co-passengers said the men were innocent.
Pooja (L), 19, and Aarti, 22, at their home in the district of Sonepat. (AFP Photo)
Police arrested the three men following nationwide outrage after a video of the two women beating up the men went viral. The video was shot by a co-passenger on her mobile phone.
However, during investigation, a few passengers told police that the men were being wrongly accused, prompting the government to put on hold its decision to fete the women until the probe was over.
“The state government will get the matter investigated in a free and transparent manner and the decision on awarding the two Rohtak sisters on Republic Day will be taken based on the outcome of police reports,” said chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar.
The parents of the accused men met Khattar at Rohtak to seek an impartial probe into the matter.
The government also asked the bus driver and conductor, who had been suspended following the emergence of the video, to resume work until the police probe was over.
Another video showing the sisters beating up a boy in a park that surfaced on Tuesday triggered controversy after two people claiming to be witnesses said the girls abused and tore off the boy's clothes after he asked them why they were wasting their time in the park instead of attending college.
A girl accompanying them recorded the incident on camera, they told police.

BJP  Shiv Sena announce alliance; Uddhav s party to get 12 ministersComments
After more than a month of bitter squabbling, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Thursday announced the Shiv Sena will join the Devendra Fadnavis government in Maharashtra, albeit without deputy chief minister's post and any of the key portfolios.
The partners for 25 years, who broke up just before the state assembly polls two months, were back together again citing common ideology, popular public sentiment and stable government as the primary reasons for the rapprochement.
"We were together for 25 years (before partings ways ahead of the assembly polls). The people's mandate is for us to get together for running the government. We honour the feeling of the people, workers of both Sena and BJP," said chief minister Fadnavis at a press conference addressed jointly by him and Sena leader Subhash Desai.
The names and portfolios are expected to be finalised by Thursday night. The BJP is also roping in allies who may be part of the oath ceremony on Friday or the expansion to be held in January.
Twelve ministers from the Sena, five of cabinet rank and seven ministers of state, will be inducted. 10 of them will be sworn in on Friday, along with 8-10 from the BJP.
"The number may increase or decrease. We also want small allies to get ministries," Fadnavis said.
Sena's Subhash Desai, who lead party's delegation at the press conference, said, "The BJP and Sena are again in power after 15 years. We will give a strong government."
The Uddhav Thackeray-led party will not get the deputy chief minister's post which it had been bargaining for all the while.
The two parties will form a coordination committee to work out modalities for alliance in the muncipality and panchayat levels.
The BJP managed to get the Sena on board and still kept its firm grip on the government. The Sena not only is seen content with politically less important portfolios, but also maintained silence over the issues such as separate Vidarbha statehood and the scrapping of the Jaitapur nuclear power plant, on which both the parties have contradictory views.
The first indications of a breakthrough came earlier this week when Fadnavis said that 80% of the alliance talks were completed and only a few things remained to be a sorted out.
The BJP and the Sena were allies for 25 years, but had parted ways over seat sharing ahead of the assembly polls held in October. The two were in power between 1995 and 1999. Then, the Sena had the CM with the BJP playing the junior partner.
Now the BJP is in dominant position with 121 MLAs and the Sena has just 63.
When the BJP emerged the single largest party but landed short of a majority, the Sena announced it will sit in the opposition.
The Sena also voted against BJP in the confidence motion, and when the Speaker declared that Fadnavis had won, joined the Congress in protest.
The induction of Sena will give the government a clear majority of 184 in a House of 288. The BJP has 121 MLAs while the Shiv Sena 63. The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, had announced outside support to the state government, which was sworn in on October 31.

Realty industry disappointed with RBI s decisionReal estate sector disappointed with RBI's decision to keep rates unchanged
IANS     Chennai   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 18:24 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI) on Tuesday expressed its disappointment at the central bank's decision to maintain status quo on key rates at a time when inflation is under control.
In a statement, CREDAI said it advocated a reduction in interest rates to facilitate lowering of entry barriers and spur demand for the real estate sector and free home loan interest rates from inflation expectations.
"The RBI's (Reserve Bank of India) decision to keep the key rates unchanged will not help the real estate sector development. Presently the overall inflation is under control as expected by the RBI , the crude oil prices are also low, the overall business requires an upward momentum," CREDAI president C.Shekar Reddy, president was quoted as saying in the statement.
According to him, a reduction in policy rates at this juncture would have a significant impact in boosting the industry and facilitating growth.
"The RBI's status quo stance was largely expected by the industry, despite GDP (gross domestic product) growth slumping to 5.3 per cent in the September quarter. To meet its long-term target of reining in inflation, the central bank has exercised caution on paring interest rates," Anshuman Magazine, chairman and managing director, CBRE South Asia said in a statement.
As for the real estate industry , the move may be seen as a lost opportunity as a rate cut at this juncture could have been the trigger for housing sales, Magazine said.

Xiaomi now offers a  self employment platform   pushes others into despairWritten by Nandagopal Rajan |
Posted: December 3, 2014 11:27 am | Updated: December 3, 2014 4:35 pm
Contact me, mail me, phone me… a bunch of messages start flooding the comments section of all the Xiaomi Redmi Note stories in our tech section. If the new phone from the Chinese smartphone maker took just seconds to be sold out again on Flipkart, it took just minutes for many of those buyers to start soliciting for other buyers who would pay a premium to get hold of the phone.
Yes, we are a resourceful lot and can make a quick buck out of even thin air. After all anyone who has been near a property dealer in the Capital Region knows that charging a premium for a house that has no demand for and is yet to be built is a talent more and more people are flaunting these days.
The one-time Xiaomi reseller or OLX and Quickr are much more decent… after all they queued up to get the phone and was lucky to get one in the end. That is something worth charging a premium for sure.
But is this phone worth charging a premium for?
That seems to be a question no one is asking. My first reaction on seeing the phone was that it was something that has gone out of stock with one of the Indian manufacturers early last year. It looks dated, is heavy and runs an old version of Android. Reasons good enough for any phone to be trashed by tech reviewers across the country. We are the kind who will penalise you for not having the latest version of the latest Android.
I am not saying the Xiaomi Redmi Note is a bad phone. It is not. It is in fact a good phone given its price. But is it a phone worth taking a fastest finger first test every Tuesday for many Tuesdays before you get hold of one, or slip into the abyss of depression. That it is not. In fact, no phone is worth having to wait for… after all it is just a device.

First 15 minutes of Badlapur not to be missedUpdated: December 3, 2014 12:11 IST
'First 15 minutes of Badlapur not to be missed'
IANS
First look poster of Badlapur
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
Varun Dhawan's upcoming movie Badlapur's teaser was released on Tuesday.
Mumbai Filmmaker Sriram Raghavan says if audiences miss the initial scenes of his next movie Badlapur, they should try and catch another show of the Varun Dhawan-starrer.
The filmmaker and the cast of the film unveiled its trailer here Tuesday.
Talking about the movie, Raghavan said: “In the early part of the film, something happens, and one should not miss it. I want to stress that don’t miss the beginning and don’t miss the end (of the film.
“If you miss the beginning...the first 15 minutes of the film, I would request you to go and catch the next show.”
Badlapur features Huma Qureshi and Nawazuddin Siddiqui.
The film marks Varun’s first time away from the romantic comedy genre. He says being part of an intense drama like Badlpaur was great.
“I have done three films before this and my characters in it were an extension of me. Somewhere down the line, the characters were like me. In Badlapur it is something I could be when I become a father.
“There are lot of emotions (in my Badlapur character). This is a total piece of art which Sriram has nicely graphed for me. This was a great experience,” said the actor, who has earlier been part of Student Of The Year, Main Tera Hero and Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania.
The film is set to release on February 20, 2015.
Watch the trailer here:

World now has 280 million registered domain names: VeriSignBy: Tech Desk | New Delhi |
Posted: December 3, 2014 3:07 pm
There are now 280 million registered domain names across the world. Global domain names and Internet security company VeriSign, Inc has announced in its latest Domain Name Industry Brief that four million domain names were added to the Internet in the second quarter of 2014, pushing the total to 280 million worldwide across all top-level domains (TLDs) as of June 30, 2014.
“The increase of four million domain names globally equates to a growth rate of 1.4 percent over the first quarter of 2014. Worldwide registrations have grown by 18.6 million, or 7.2 percent, year over year,” the report said.
The report said .com and .net TLDs experienced aggregate growth in the second quarter of 2014, accounting for over 128.9 million domain names. “This represents a 3.7 percent increase year over year. As of June 30, 2014, the base of registered names in .com equaled 113.7 million names, while .net equaled 15.2 million names,” the report said, adding that new .com and .net registrations totaled 8.5 million during the second quarter of 2014.
During the period second quarter of 2014, Verisign’s average daily Domain Name System (DNS) query load was 95 billion across all TLDs operated by it, with a peak of 204 billion. “Compared to the previous quarter, the daily average increased 11.7 percent and the peak increased 70.4 percent. Year over year, the daily average query load increased 18.8 percent and the peak query load decreased 16.6 percent.”
The company said that as more people and “things” are going online, the world will become even more connected through the Internet, sharing information and data that has the potential to transform the way we live and work.
Verisign publishes the Domain Name Industry Brief to provide Internet users throughout the world with statistical and analytical research and data on the domain name industry.

Nifty suggests process of contraction may come to an end soon: Sukhani03 December 2014
Wednesday
Markets remain steady with Bank Nifty recording another life time high; narrow range in Nifty suggests process of contraction may come to an end soon; expect strong, expanding price action in indices soon enough
Bank Nifty is trading very narrow from last 3 trading day. This suggests that we may see a big move in coming days. CNX IT has made a lower shadow. This is a first sign of bullishness in IT Sector.
We have ALUMINIUM in METAL SECTION. Short Term Trend is down in this instrument. Below the support comes at 120. We have FINANCIAL in Sector Focus. Trend is up in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of FINANCIAL Stocks. Stock in focus includes BANK BARODA, BHEL, REL CAPITAL and VOLTAS. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss GBPINR in Currency Tracker Section.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Inequality: The Scourge of Our Timesreddit
When the historians of the future reflect on the world of today, what will the history books say? How will they describe this period in the long life of our planet?
Will they speak of the millions of impoverished workers stuck at the bottom of the global supply chain -- those victims of modern day slavery? Or explain why a Bangladesh factory collapsed and killed thousands who were producing cheap clothes for our high streets? They might struggle to understand how, centuries after the pyramids were completed, a thousand migrant workers were allowed to die during the construction of stadiums for a football tournament we appear to value more than life itself.
In those grim revisions there will be a word that appears more than most -- inequality. Today's world, historians will note, is a world twisted out of shape. Between 2009 and 2014, at the height of a financial crisis forced upon working people, the number of billionaires doubled . During those same years so many of the rest of us were losing our homes, pensions, jobs, welfare, wages and rights.
For years, no, decades, the labour movement has warned that if we did not fend off massive income inequalities, we would wind up with a world torn straight from the pages of a science fiction novel -- a dystopia consisting of an all-powerful super-rich and an increasingly desperate, impoverished underclass. Well, the richest remain untouched by austerity -- their wealth increases by a sickening half a million dollars every minute . Meanwhile, around 30 million jobs have been lost since the financial crisis began, incomes have stagnated for decades and debts have risen. The middle class is disappearing and that fantasy world does not seem so far away.
This spiraling in income inequality correlates directly with a fall in trade union density, fueled by a nasty right-wing policy push. The erosion of labour market institutions has left workers without a seat at the table and unable to bargain for fairer wages and a better life. We cannot take back our economies as individuals, we can only create the change we need with a strong, united labour movement.
It can be done. At the turn of the century I became the General Secretary of the all-new UNI Global Union -- now one of the world's largest labour federations. Today membership and influence continue to grow and the organization, which represents the services sector, counts 20 million members in 150 nations and 900 unions. We have negotiated 54 global agreements with leading multinationals and co-created the Bangladesh Accord on Fire and Building Safety -- a deal signed by over 180 global brands that will save thousands of lives.
As a labour leader, I have been informed by the struggles that have shaped our times -- South Africa, Tiananmen Square, the Berlin Wall and dictatorships in the likes of Argentina, Chile and Brazil. It was working people who struggled for the freedom and market opportunities that exist in those countries today and they deserve to reap their share of the benefits.
Next week, UNI will hold its World Congress in South Africa, twenty years on from the country's freedom from apartheid. Our Congress theme will be Including You, which encompasses the fight for union growth, the promotion of a new fairer and sustainable global economy and the world of work where quality jobs, collective bargaining and social protection will be the keys to success.
If we fail, we expect to see income inequality worsen. The super-rich will keep getting richer by living on the returns of their wealth, while the rest of will slip further behind. If we win, then perhaps the history books might look back on us just a little more kindly.
Philip Jennings, General Secretary, UNI Global Union
UNI Global Union will hold its 4th World Congress in Cape Town 7-10 December 2014
More:

Three Redskins starters unable to practice WednesdayBy Liz Clarke December 3 Follow @lizclarketweet
Redskins defensive end Jason Hatcher, left, dives on the loose ball on the first play of last Sunday’s game. He aggravated a knee later in the game. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Three days after a 49-27 loss to the Indianapolis Colts, two defensive starters didn’t take part in Wednesday’s practice at Redskins Park and two other defenders were limited as a result of injuries.
Defensive end Jason Hatcher (knee) and strong safety Brandon Meriweather (toe) sat out, along with backup lineman Kedric Golston (lower back, foot) and cornerback Chase Minnifield (concussion).
The 49 points was the most Washington had surrendered in a game this season, and the loss dropped the squad to 3-9 heading into Sunday’s game against the 5-7 St. Louis Rams at FedEx Field.
Wide receiver DeSean Jackson was the lone offensive starter to miss practice after suffering a lower leg bruise in last weekend’s loss at Lucas Oil Stadium.
Washington’s defense gave up five touchdowns of 30 or more yards to the Colts, whose third-year quarterback Andrew Luck passed for strikes of 30, 48, 73 and 79 yards by taking advantage of several lapses in coverage by an inexperienced, short-handed defensive backfield.
That makes any lingering injury to a member of the secondary a particular concern heading into Sunday’s game against St. Louis, which is coming off a 52-0 rout of the Raiders.
Backup cornerback E.J. Biggers, who missed the Colts game after suffered a concussion against San Francisco, took part in a limited amount of practice Wednesday. Also limited was free safety Ryan Clark (neck stinger), who at 35 indicated Wednesday that this may well be his final season in the NFL, and nose tackle Chris Baker (sternum).
Pro Bowl left tackle Trent Williams, who has been ailing with a sprained right knee and ankle, was a full participant in practice nonetheless, as was outside linebacker Ryan Kerrigan (wrist).
More from The Post:

Western Sanctions  Ruble Crash Hit Russians HardIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Ease of use will decide ewallets fateDecember 4, 2014 12:04 am
Ease of use will decide ewallets’ fate
Stephen Pritchard
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/682b6262-7565-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Santorum campaigns for absent Cassidy 
Rick Santorum speaking during a campaign rally in Madison, Mississippi June 19, 2014. REUTERS/Jonathan Bachman
SHREVEPORT, La. -- Supporters of Rep. Bill Cassidy (R-La.) eagerly filed into a Baptist church here to see the front-running Senate candidate campaign with Rick Santorum Wednesday evening.
But they had to make do with just Santorum, who they welcomed warmly.
Cassidy's campaign announced shortly before the event that he would be absent due to votes in the House.
Santorum, the former presidential candidate, spent much of his speech lambasting President Obama and closely associating Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.) with the president's record.
"The only thing that will deter this president ... is you," he told the audience.
Santorum excoriated Obama for taking executive action to stop the deportations of millions of undocumented immigrants.
He praised Cassidy and told the audience they have a chance to send "not just a warning shot, but a torpedo into the side of the destroyer" by electing him to the Senate to replace Landrieu in the runoff.
Cassidy's wife, Laura Cassidy, spoke on her husband's behalf, telling attendees: "We need your prayers and we need your vote."
She warned that the "Obama-Landrieu turnout machine" will be activated in Saturday's vote.
Laura Cassidy also led the crowd to repeat an oft-used taking point -- that Landrieu has voted with Obama "97 percent" of the time.
In Washington on Wednesday, the House overwhelmingly approved a bill that would allow people with disabilities to establish tax-free savings accounts to pay for housing, education or some medical expenses. The accounts wouldn't count against potential Medicaid or Social Security benefits.
Cassidy's absence here spurred criticism from the Landrieu campaign, which accused him of dodging questions about his record as a part-time physician and teacher at Louisiana State University.
"There should be no question that Bill Cassidy is hiding from Louisiana voters," said Landrieu spokesman Fabien Levy in a statement.
Landrieu has repeatedly suggested Cassidy may have committed payroll fraud ever since a local blog revealed the details of some of his timesheets, prompting LSU to look into the matter.
Cassidy's campaign said he will campaign with senator-elect Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) on Friday.
Santorum is considering running for president again in 2016. He said he is "not making any announcements" about his plans right now.
Ed O'Keefe contributed to this post.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Ajith s  Yennai Arindhaal  teaser releasedBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:45 am
The teaser of actor Ajith Kumar’s much anticipated Tamil actioner ‘Yennai Arindhaal’ was unveiled Thursday midnight online. It has already crossed 2 lakhs views within a few hours on Youtube.
The film’s director, Gautham Vasudev Menon, took to Twitter to share the teaser. “It’s been a pleasure and a wonderful experience. Thank you Ajith sir. This one is for you,” Gautham tweeted.
In the teaser, Ajith talks about the thin line that divides the good from the evil, and goes on to add that his time has come to choose the side.
The extremely well edited one-minute teaser, which is backed by Harris Jayaraj’s adrenaline-pumping score, also portrays Ajith in his different avatars.
Also starring Trisha Krishnan and Anushka Shetty, “Yennai Arindhaal” is slated for release during Pongal next year.

Bigg Boss 8: Diandra Soares kisses Gautam  shocks housematesBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:44 am
During the week’s luxury budget task, Museum, Gautam who was given a secret task of being an undercover thief, lied to Diandra about it and instead told her that they had been warned about getting physically close in the house.
However, when Diandra later learned the truth, she confronted Gautam about the lie. He admitted to it and apologized, stating that he didn’t think it would matter too much to Diandra, as she is a carefree girl.
But, Diandra later confides in Karishma about just how upset she is. She decides to show Gautam how carefree she can be. She goes up to him and kisses him in front of all the housemates.
Gautam and the other contestants are shocked, as she walks away.

Justice Department to conduct federal investigation into NYC chokehold deathBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:23 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 6:21 pm
The Justice Department will conduct a federal investigation into the chokehold death of an unarmed black man after a grand jury in New York City declined to indict the white police officer who applied the hold, Attorney General Eric Holder said Wednesday.
The investigation will look for potential civil rights investigations in the July 17 death of Eric Garner, 43, who was confronted by the officer on suspicion of selling loose, untaxed cigarettes. A video shot by an onlooker showed Garner telling officers to leave him alone as they tried to arrest him and one then responded by wrapping his arm around Garner’s neck in what appeared to be a chokehold.
It will be similar to a separate federal investigation already underway into the August 9 shooting death in Ferguson of Michael Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old. A county grand jury in that case decided against indicting the white officer, Darren Wilson.
Calling the death a “tragedy,” Holder said it was one of “several recent incidents that have tested the sense of trust that must exist between law enforcement and the communities they are charged to serve and protect.” The death occurred weeks before the deadly police shooting in Ferguson, Missouri, a case also under investigation by the Justice Department and in which a local grand jury last week not issue an indictment.
The cases together have contributed to a national discussion about use of excessive force by police and their treatment of minorities.
“This is not a New York issue or a Ferguson issue alone,” Holder told reporters late Wednesday. “Those who have protested peacefully across our great nation following the grand jury’s decision in Ferguson have made that clear.”
Separately, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said he had spoken with Holder and Loretta Lynch, the U.S. attorney for the eastern district of New York who has been nominated as Holder’s successor, and was told that the federal investigation into the death will now move forward.
The federal investigation was announced hours after a New York grand jury chose not to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo. The grand jury could have considered multiple charges, from murder to a lesser offense such as reckless endangerment, but Staten Island District Attorney Daniel Donovan said jurors found “no reasonable cause” to bring charges. The Justice Department had been monitoring the outcome of the local investigation before announcing its own probe.
The federal investigation into the case will look for potential federal civil rights violations in Garner’s death, which led to demonstrations in New York.
To mount a prosecution in police misconduct cases, federal officials continued…

Hero pays Rs 250 crore to Tiger Woods for brand endorsement. Will it help boost the image of the Hero brandRepost
Guest
TVS Motor: MUMBAI: Retail investors renewed their interest in mid- and small-cap shares as the indices hit new highs on Wednesday with many frontline shares moving in a tight band  Brokers and analysts said investor appetite for smaller shares is intact despite higher valuations than blue-chips because hopes are high that they would continue to outperform.in autos companies like TVS Motor may out perform as valuations are attractive, and also high buying interest by retailers and fii. interestingly Goldman Sachs resumes coverage on TVS Motor with buy target  of  INR 345.00 in its report
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
1.52 PM Dec 4th

Sadbhav Engg surges 7%; arm files for IPOSadbhav Engineering surges over 7% as arm files for IPO
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 05.53PM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(At 10:15 a.m.; the stock…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Sadbhav Engineering surged in trade after its subsidiary Sadbhav Infrastructure Project filed papers for initial public offering.
The stock gained 7.5 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 284.75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
The stock, however, pared initial gains to close the day at Rs 267.35; up 0.94 per cent.
"Sadbhav Infrastructure Project Limited, a subsidiary of Sadbhav Engineering Limited , has filed its draft red herring prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI ) on December 03, 2014 in order to undertake an initial public offering of its equity shares," the company said in a filing to the stock exchanges.
The Issue consists of a fresh issue of equity shares of Rs 10 each aggregating up to Rs 600 crore and an offer for sale of up to 16,178,811 equity shares by Xander Investment Holding XVII and up to 16,178,811 equity shares by Norwest Venture Partners VII-A-Mauritius.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Industry bodies urge govt to liberalise sourcing for e-commerceIndustry bodies urge government to liberalise sourcing for e-commerce
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 15:20 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
Aiming to take e-commerce industry to the next level, industry associations have urged the government to liberalise inventory-led business-to-consumer (B2C) e-commerce business, which will lead to growth of local manufacturing and in turn further boost the Make in India programme in the country.
This will help the e-commerce companies to source in bulk from the local manufacturers and avail of their benefits in inventory and supply chain practices.
"Over the last 2-3 years, the e-commerce sector has contributed the maximum growth and manufacturing, especially small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in the country have been the direct beneficiaries of this growth trajectory.
"This is the case when only half of the sector (B2B) is allowed to operate freely. In the scenario of the entire sector (both B2B and B2C) being liberalized, the e-commerce industry would become one of the transforming agents for local manufacturing in the country," said Bikky Khosla, chairman, e-commerce Committee,  Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham).
"By enabling e-commerce companies with foreign investments to source directly from the local manufacturers, the latter would be able to benefit from global inventory technology and supply chain practices", he said.
The associations are attempting to meet both finance minister and commerce minister next week. Around one-and-a-half month back, Assocham sent a petition to Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman as well.
"In a short period of time e-commerce has proved its ability to stimulate local manufacturing especially amongst SMEs/MSMEs. This can gain further traction if the government liberalises the sector by enabling inventory led e-commerce. The e-commerce companies would be able to source in bulk from the local manufacturers and avail of their benefits in inventory and supply chain practices," Nasir Jamal, secretary general, e-commerce Association of India (ECAI) said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision of Make in India is one of the most ambitious programmes of the new government to promote local manufacturing in the country.
"E-commerce is spurring the growth of small industries in the country and with the right impetus given by the Make in India campaign, it could further transform the development of manufacturing by small and medium enterprises in the country," Anupam Gupta, convener - IT, All India MSME Association, said.

SAIL slips 3%  recovers; sell-off tomorrowSAIL back in green after slipping 3%; stake sale tomorrow
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 02.56PM IST
Tags:
SAIL
(At 09:40 a.m.; SAIL was trading…)
NEW DELHI: Steel Authority of India (SAIL) slipped as much as 3.09 per cent in trade on Thursday, but bounced back into green in late trade. This, after the government said it plans to divest 5 per cent stake sale in the steel-maker to raise around Rs 1,700 crore through the sale.
The company informed stock exchanges about the proposed stake sale to be held through the offer for sale (OFS) route on December 5 and said the government will decide on the floor price for the issue on Thursday.
The government currently holds an 80% stake in the steel giant.
The stake sale will help the company meet the listing norms of Securities & Exchange Board of India ( Sebi ), which require the government's stake to be lowered to 75 per cent, ET reported.
The sale of a 5% stake, or about 20.65 crore shares, of SAIL at current market price may fetch the government around Rs 1,700 crore, added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NASA Poised to Usher in New Era With Orion LaunchIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Mulberry falls into the redMulberry falls into red amid difficult luxury market
Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98838344-7b88-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazils economy: more for the new team to think aboutSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Govt hopes to raise Rs 1 700-cr from SAIL divestmentGovt sets floor price for SAIL issue at Rs 83, hopes to raise Rs 1,700 crore
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 17:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government has set the floor price for the 5 per cent stake sale in Steel Authority of India ( SAIL ) at Rs 83 per share, through which it hopes to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore (US $275 million), an official said on Thursday.
The government will give a discount of 5 per cent to retail investors in the offering, a senior finance ministry official said on conditions of anonymity as the information is not yet public. He added that the government expected to raise Rs 1,500-1,700 crore from the sale.
The SAIL offering on Friday will kick off the Prime Minister Narendra Modi -led government's ambitious divestment programme, under which it aims to plug the budget deficit by raising about US $9.5 billion through stake sales in public sector undertakings (PSUs) by March 2015.
(Reuters)

Sensex ends 120 points higher  Nifty hits new peakMarket Update: Sensex ends 120 pts higher, Nifty hits new peak of 8,564.40
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 17:20 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Thursday bounced back to end with a gain of 120 points and Nifty jumped 26.75 points after rising to new lifetime high on the back of heavy buying in ITC shares on buzz that the government will not ban sales of loose cigarettes.
Global cues were also supportive.
Asian and European stocks surged on talk of global monetary stimulus ahead of a European Central Bank policy meeting that could move closer to expanded monetary easing.
ITC , the most influential stock in 30-share BSE Sensex, jumped 5.44 per cent to over six-month high on speculation that government will put on hold its proposal to ban sales of loose cigarettes.
Shares of other cigarette makers like Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries also rose in 2-6 per cent range.
The Sensex, which had retreated from record highs by falling over 251 points in the previous three sessions, opened on Thursday on a strong footing.
It quickly soared to day's high of 28,808.78.
However, profit-booking at higher levels forced it to pare gains and closed at 28,562.82, up 120.11 points, or 0.42 per cent.
On similar lines the 50-share National Stock Exchange index Nifty, after scaling a new peak of 8,626.95 in early trade, closed at 8,564.40, up 26.75, or 0.31 per cent.
Intra-day, the gauge breached its earlier record of 8,623 reached on December 1. Persistent foreign capital inflows into equity market also boosted the market sentiment.
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 391.07 crore on Wednesday. Besides ITC, Sensex constituents Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, ICICI Bank , Hindustan Unilever, HDFC Bank, SBI, Axis Bank, HDFC and Bajaj Auto notched up moderate gains.
Sectorally, the BSE FMCG index gained the most by rising 3 per cent, followed by Banking index 0.76 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.40 per cent, Metal index 0.29 per cent, Auto index 0.13 per cent and Power index 0.06 per cent.
Buying activity also witnessed in smallcap and midcap stocks.
The BSE Small Cap index rose 0.31 per cent and the BSE Midcap index gained 0.25 per cent.
Most Asian indices rose.
Chinese shares soared to multi year highs amidst steep rise in financial and oil shares and on the back of expectations of further economic stimulus measures, said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.

Govt sets floor price for SAIL issue  to raise Rs 1700 croreGovt sets floor price for SAIL issue at Rs 83, hopes to raise Rs 1,700 crore
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 17:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government has set the floor price for the 5 per cent stake sale in Steel Authority of India ( SAIL ) at Rs 83 per share, through which it hopes to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore (US $275 million), an official said on Thursday.
The government will give a discount of 5 per cent to retail investors in the offering, a senior finance ministry official said on conditions of anonymity as the information is not yet public. He added that the government expected to raise Rs 1,500-1,700 crore from the sale.
The SAIL offering on Friday will kick off the Prime Minister Narendra Modi -led government's ambitious divestment programme, under which it aims to plug the budget deficit by raising about US $9.5 billion through stake sales in public sector undertakings (PSUs) by March 2015.
(Reuters)

Arbaaz Khan wraps up Dolly KiDoliBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:01 pm
Actor-filmmaker Arbaaz Khan has heaved a sigh of relief having wrapped up the shooting of his home production ‘Dolly Ki Doli’, featuring Sonam Kapoor, Pulkit Samrat and Rajkummar Rao.
“Wrapped up shoot of #DollyKiDoli, thanks to @sonamakapoor @PulkitSamrat @RajkummarRao @varunsharma90 @abhishekdograa and the entire team,” Arbaaz posted on Twitter.
Meanwhile, Sonam, the lead actress of the film, seemed emotional about the completion of the shoot.
Sharing a photograph with sweets, on the social networking site, she tweeted: “Last day of shoot! @arbaazkhanofficial you cannot do this! thank you #kappy best 1st ad.”
Directed by debutant Abhishek Dogra, ‘Dolly Ki Doli’ also features Varun Sharma. It is slated to release Feb 6, next year.

Oil pipeline bursts near Israel-JordanborderBy: Agence-France Presse | Jerusalem |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:00 pm
An oil pipeline rupture has caused thousands of cubic metres of crude oil to spill into the Arava desert in southern Israel near the border with Jordan, officials said on Thursday. The incident took place just north of the Red Sea resort city of Eilat and 500 yards from the frontier.
The spill was “a couple of kilometres long”, according to an Israeli environment ministry spokeswoman who was unable to give more specific information.
She said it was unclear whether there was any foul play and environmental authorities would open an investigation.
“They have forces on the ground that prevented it from spreading to Jordan,” she added. The leak involved a 152 pipeline carrying crude oil from the southern port city of Ashkelon on Israel’s Mediterranean coast to Eilat.
Ronen Moshe, spokesman for the Eilat Ashkelon Pipeline Company (EAPC), said the spill happened at 1845 GMT on Wednesday in a new section of the pipeline.
“The leak has been stopped,” he said, adding that the reason for the spill was under investigation. “There are dozens of people in the field taking care of the aftermath,” he said, indicating there had been no impact on supply.
According to the company’s website, the EAPC was founded in 1968 and serves as a land bridge for transporting crude oil between the Red Sea and the Mediterranean.

Former cricketer Dilip Doshi files Rs 217  96  00  000 civil suit againstMontblancWritten by Satish Jha |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:59 pm
A legal dispute between Montblanc, Germany-based luxury pen maker, and its Indian distributor Entrack International promoted by former cricketer Dilip Doshi, who is based out of Rajkot, is brewing. After the German firm’s decision to terminate the distribution agreement with Entrack International some two months back, Doshi has filed a Rs.217, 96,00,000 civil suit in Rajkot, besides filing a criminal complaint against the multinational firm.
Documents available with The Indian Express reveal that Montblanc sent a letter to Entrack International informing the latter of “terminating the Distribution Agreement with effect from September 30, 2014.”
The foreign company also terminated each of the franchise agreements with the Entrack as well as “the authorization to operate the ‘Montblanc’ boutiques with effect from September 30, 2014 in respect of 12 out of 14 Monblanc boutiques.”
These boutiques are run in five-star hotels.
The lawyers representing both the firms, and Doshi himself, refused to talk despite repeated attempts for the past several days. Apart from Entrack International and Doshi, Vishakha, Nayan and Izabela Doshi are also listed as plaintiffs in the case who have jointly filed the petition against eight defendants including Montblanc Simplo GMBH and other companies owned by Switzerland-based Rechemont International SA and its founder Johan Repert – South Africa based business man.
The documents claim that on September 26, 2014 Doshi addressed a letter on behalf of Entrack International. In that letter Doshi reportedly made several allegations against Montblanc and Rechmmont International SA. The document also cites the observation of Rajkot civil court where the matter is pending, stating as, “…both plaintiff (Doshi) and defendant have business relation for the last 25 years or so. Looking at the facts and circumstances of the suit it transpires that, the strange relation arose between the parties only after the offer of defendant for purchasing 20% shareholding of the plaintiff nos-2 to 6 (Dilip Doshi, Kalindi, Vishakha, Nayan and Izabela) in plaintiff no-1 (Entrack International) and thereafter it reached to 45% and later an entire business of plaintiff no-1.”
According to the document Doshi has also filed a criminal complaint against Montblanc and Rechmmont International SA, and several entities of Rechemont Group and its representatives with Rajkot police. In the civil suit Doshi has sought “Rs.217, 96,00,000 along with interest thereon at the rate of 18% per annum from the date hereof till payment and/or realization.” The case filed in October, 2014 is being heard before additional senior civil judge MS Baqui.
The document states the Montblanc entered into distribution agreement with London based Entrack Ltd in 1991. This firm was appointed as exclusive distributor for Montblanc products in India. Between 1997 and 2014 there were 14 franchise agreements between the firms on montblanc boutiques at located at various parts of India.

Chhattisgarh govt orders probe into recovery of ignored uniforms and shoes of slain CRPFmenWritten by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Raipur |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:58 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 2:55 am
Pressured by the Centre, the Chhattisgarh government Thursday ordered a judicial inquiry to fix responsibility of dumping the uniforms of CRPF personnel, who were killed fighting Naxals in Bastar region, in a garbage pit of Raipur’s Ambedkar Hospital.
View picture gallery:  Is this how we treat our martyrs?
Fourteen CRPF personnel were killed in a Maoist attack in Sukma Monday and their bodies were flown to Raipur on Tuesday for postmortem . However, no one collected their belongings that remained in the garbage bin outside the mortuary for over 24 hours before being spotted by locals on Wednesday.
While the state administration had sought to underplay the issue, following a report in The Indian Express on Thursday, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh took it seriously and spoke to Chief Minister Raman Singh. He later tweeted: “Spoke to Ch’garh CM @drramansingh regarding the insult of CRPF martyrs’s uniform and asked him to institute an inquiry into this incident.”
 
Spoke to Ch’garh CM @drramansingh regarding the insult of CRPF martyrs’s uniform and asked him to institute an inquiry into this incident.
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) December 4, 2014
“I have asked Chhattisgarh  CM to fix the responsibility in this case and punish those involved in insulting the uniform of the deceased CRPF men,” the minister tweeted.
Within minutes, the CM announced a judicial probe under Raipur SDM Suresh Kumar Agrawal and asked him to submit a report within 15 days.
The CRPF is also holding an inquiry into the matter.

Sleep protein protects fromcancerBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Washington |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:55 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 4:56 pm
A new protein responsible for regulating the body’s sleep cycle, or circadian rhythm, also protects the body from developing sporadic forms of cancers, new research has found.
Thus, people who work round-the-clock, could in fact be setting themselves back.
“The protein, known as human period 2, has impaired function in the cell when environmental factors, including sleep cycle disruption, are altered,” said Carla Finkielstein from College of Science, Virginia Tech.
The new human period 2 protein if unaltered directly interacts with tumour suppressor proteins in cells to control cell division.
“When (human period 2 protein) is non-functional because it is either mutated or somehow modified, then, it is unable to do its job and prevent the cells from dividing at certain times of the day,” said Tetsuya Gotoh, research scientist, College of Science, Virginia Tech.
“This is particularly a problem in cases where tumour suppressor genes are mutated as it happens in over 80 percent of all cancer cases,” said Gotoh.
By studying human and animal tumour cells, the team found that repressing the human period 2 gene led to both abnormal circadian rhythmicity and a malignant transformation.
Now, researchers are trying to find out if the malfunctioning of the protein and the gene that produces it leads to cancer.
The results of these studies will help develop new, more effective prevention strategies for people at risk due to circadian disruption, such as women working in night shifts.
“These findings highlight the complexity of the circadian-controlled network and emphasize its physiological relevance for human health and for new therapeutic interventions,” said Finkielstein.
The study appeared in the journal Molecular Biology of the Cell.

Asus launches wallet-size VivoMiniPCsPosted: December 4, 2014 4:55 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 3:30 pm
 
The mini PC seems to be coming back with ASUS announcing the VivoMini UN62 and UN42.
These ultra-compact mini PCs have a lightweight 0.6-liter chassis that measures just 131 x 131 x 42mm but are powered by 4th-generation Intel CoreTM i5, i3 or Celeron processors offering full-fledged computing. VivoMini can be mounted on the back of a display freeing up space on the desktop.
The VivoMini PCs offer 4K/UHD resolution output but is 60% quieter than industry standards and draws as little as 6.95W at idle.
They come with a total of four USB 3.0 ports for faster data transfers, with two easy-access side ports with fast-charge technology to charge mobile devices in half the time. There’s also high-performance 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, a 4-in-1 card reader for easy photo sharing, a headset/microphone jack, and a Kensington lock.
The ASUS VivoMini UN62 will be available starting at an MOP of Rs 26,500 for the barebones version (without RAM, HDD and OS) while the VivoMini UN42 will start at an MOP of Rs 13,500 for the barebones version. Both variants are available starting this month and will come with a 3-year warranty.

Ed Sheeran Spotifys most-streamed artist of2014Posted: December 4, 2014 4:49 pm
Singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran has been named the most-streamed artist in the world by Spotify.
The 23-year-old has racked up more than 860 million streams on the service, beating Eminem and Coldplay, who came
second and third respectively, reported BBC online.
His latest album, x, which hit the million sales mark in the UK this week, was played 430 million times.
Katy Perry was the year’s most streamed female artist, with Ariana Grande second and Lana Del Rey third. The ‘Dark Horse’ singer took the top spot from Rihanna, who held the position for the previous two years.
Spotify said that more than 50 million users listened to seven billion hours of music in the whole of 2014. The service’s most listened-to track was ‘Happy’ by Pharrell Williams, which had more than 260 million plays.
British act Clean Bandit were in second position for their song Rather Be while DJ Calvin Harris’ came third, with Summer.

Actor Sanjay Dutt applies for 14-day furloughBy: Express News Service | Pune |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:41 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 11:21 am
Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt , who is serving his sentence in the Yerawada jail in a case related to the 1993 Mumbai blasts, has applied for a 14-day furlough. Sanjay Dutt has spent over 118 days out of jail, either on parole or furlough from May 2013 to May 2014. He had completed his last furlogh eight months ago and returned to Yerawada and has been behind bars since.
Sanjay Dutt, 55, is serving 42 months of his sentence from May 2013 for illegal possession of arms in a case related to the 1993 serial blasts, in which over 250 people were killed and several were wounded. He has already served 18 months of his five-year jail term.
The apparent leniency of the government in granting Sanjay Dutt repeated furlough or parole was questioned by the Bombay High Court in February this year. Citing outcry by people, the High Court had even told the government that the diligence shown in granting Dutt’s requests was not seen in cases of other convicts.
The court had also said that it was high time the rules for such relief were looked into and that there was a need for bringing in ‘radical changes’ in the Prisons Rules, 1959. Then home minister R R Patil had indicated changes in the rules which would make inmates serve additional term for paroles granted.
Yerawada Jail Superintendent, Yogesh Desai confirmed that Sanjay Dutt had applied for a 14-day furlough recently. A senior officer from the jail department said, “The application is pending with the DIG. But will be granted and he will also get a 14-day extension. I don’t see any reason why he will not apply for a parole after that. We will see what reason he cites this time.”
In the last week of September 2013, Sanjay Dutt was granted the first 14-day furlough which he had sought to treat his leg pain and which was extended for another 14 days. In December he was granted a 30-day parole which was extended twice. For the parole, he had given his wife Manyata’s ill health as the reason.
As per the rules, a furlough is a right of every convict. It is granted by jail authorities (DIG in this case) based on the report of the prisoner in jail and a report from the police. A parole is granted in case inmate has a serious family issue like illness of a direct relative or a family function to attend. Parole is granted by the divisional commissioner based on all the necessary reports on illness and police report. A furlough can be extended once and parole twice. continued…

Lebanon: DNA test says child is IS head s daughterBy: Associated Press | Beirut |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:27 pm
Lebanon’s interior minister says DNA tests have confirmed that a child held by authorities is the daughter of the Islamic State group’s leader.
Nohad Machnouk also says that the child’s mother, who is also in custody, was married to IS chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi six years ago for a period of three months. He says they are no longer married.
Also Read: Arrested woman not Baghdadi’s wife: Iraqi official
Machnouk told Lebanon’s MTV television late Wednesday that Iraq sent Lebanese authorities DNA samples from al-Baghdadi to test against the woman, identified as Saja al-Dulaimi, and the girl.
He said the girl and two other children detained with al-Dulaimi are being held in a child care center.

Govt asks RBI to relax rules for reviving sh...Government asks RBI to relax rules for reviving shipbuilding industry
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 05.00PM IST
Tags:
Government
(Radhakrishnan said shipping…)
NEW DELHI: The government today said it has requested the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to relax norms for restructuring of shipyards in view of shipping being a highly capital intensive industry.
"The government has requested RBI and the Ministry of Finance to sanction a special dispensation for five years i.e. up to March 31, 2020, to treat repeat restructuring of shipyards, after failure of first Corporate Debt Restructuring (CDR), as equivalent to first restructuring," Minister of State for Shipping Pon Radhakrishnan informed the Lok Sabha in a written reply.
The reason for including the proposal is that during market downturns, such as the situation prevalent today, shipyards may need to opt for CDR mechanism to restructure their loans.
However, when first restructuring fails, the loans become NPAs and hence bankers find it difficult to undertake repeated restructuring, he said.
"Other steps taken by the government to revive shipbuilding industry include extension of the Shipbuilding Subsidy Scheme of 2002-2007 from October 2009 till March 31, 2014, for liquidation of committed liabilities for ship-building contracts secured during 2002-2007 under the scheme," he added.
Radhakrishnan said shipping is highly capital intensive and depends largely on the debt market to finance its acquisitions.
The extreme volatility in charter rates has adversely affected the margins of the shipping companies.
"The current meltdown in the international financial markets has placed the Indian shipping industry in a situation where assets are available to be acquired at reasonable prices, but the availability of money on loan is almost dried up through the normal international commercial bank channels; if any credit is available, it is at a very high cost and stringent terms," the Minister said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India to press G20 on deadline to cut remitt...G20
(In 2011, G20 members agreed…)
NEW DELHI: India will press the Group of 20 economies to set a two-year deadline to reduce the cost of international money transfers, two government sources said, potentially saving more than $20 billion for developing countries.
The world's largest recipient of remittances - of about $70 billion a year - won the backing of G20 leaders last month in Brisbane to take "strong practical measures" to cut the average cost of sending money home to 5 percent.
Despite that pledge, big banks are pulling out of handling remittances over rising compliance costs. In one case, 20 remittance firms sued Australia's Westpac Banking Corp to stop it quitting the business.
"We will demand a deadline of two years at the next G20 meeting," one of the sources, with direct knowledge of the matter, told Reuters.
The official is part of an Indian delegation that plans to attend a meeting of G20 deputy central bank governors in Istanbul on Dec. 11-12. Turkey has just taken over the annual presidency of the G20, an intergovernmental forum.
In 2011, G20 members agreed to bring down the global average cost of remittances to 5 percent by 2014, but that deadline has been missed.
The cost of remittances from G20 countries has fallen to 8.3 per cent from 9.1 per cent in 2011, the World Bank estimates. That has saved nearly $30 billion for migrant families since 2010, it said in a report to the G20.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who attended last month's G20 summit, is pushing for Indians to save about $3 billion a year, partly helping bridge its current account deficit, the official said.
"The money belongs to poor families of developing countries and cannot be taken away in the name of transaction fees," said another official.
Several Indian banks have brought down costs by up to 30 percent by offering services that allow Indian migrants in the United States and Britain to send money directly from their bank account or credit card to recipients in India.
Saudi Arabia has reduced remittance costs to near 3 percent, and India is hopeful that other G20 countries would agree to set a deadline to reduce the costs.
The government estimates that about 22 million Indians live abroad, with large communities in the Middle East, the United States and Britain.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NBCC gains over 7% intraday  has returned 400% YTD; here s what management saysNBCC rallies about 6%; navratna status is giving NBCC some confidence, says Anoop Kumar Mittal, CMD
ET Now Dec 4, 2014, 04.10PM IST
Tags:
Anoop Kumar Mittal
(The state of Navratna definitely…)
NBCC rallied as much as 7.7 per cent in intraday trade on Thursday. The stock hit a low of Rs 845 and a high of Rs 896.95. For the year, the stock has rallied over 400 per cent till date.
The stock ended the day at Rs 877.60; up 5.47 per cent.
In a chat with ET Now, Anoop Kumar Mittal, CMD, NBCC, shares his business outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: First, talk about the broader and the big picture of NBCC. You got the Navratna status about a quarter ago and after that Navratna status, how has life changed for NBCC?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: It is eactly not because of the Navratna status that things have changed, it is because of the work which we have done in the last two years that is giving some kind of results. The state of Navratna definitely is giving us some kind of confidence and to our customers also and that is also motivating NBCC to go abroad. We are in close discussion with a few companies in Turkey, Malaysia and Oman.
ET Now: This morning you have signed an MoU with Air India for development of land parcels at various locations on a joint venture basis. Could you highlight revenue opportunity with this deal?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: This agreement was in discussion since long and finally today we have signed an agreement with the Air India chairman in presence of both the honourable ministers, the Minister of Urban Development and the Minister of Civil Aviation.
Silent features of this agreement is NBCC will redevelop or develop their greenfield land parcels where land will be their equity and construction and construction-related expertise will be NBCC's contribution and profit will be shared according to that. One more thing we have decided in this meeting today is we will launch one project in this financial year, say, in next three to four months, and initially we will focus on a project which is in Chennai and another project will be at Vasant Kunj in Delhi.
ET Now: Which are the land parcels you are planning to develop?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: We will start with their land parcels in Chennai and Vasant Kunj in Delhi and after that we will have discussion with them and identify a few more projects. These things will be disclosed, say, after 15 to 20 days or a month.
ET Now: I know you are not willing to put in a specific number there, but how much commitment has been made for how much land to be developed?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: Honestly I am also not aware of the number of total land parcels. I have been told they have 70-80 land parcels, but these land parcels are in different cities and different models. Some are on lease, some are on ownership basis. So we have to do some kind of due diligence before giving you an exact number of land parcels and the area of land.
ET Now: Can you give us a flavour of your order book and especially the order book which is coming from the infrastructure sector because currently 25-26% of your total order book is only from the infra space?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: In this financial year we have secured around Rs 5000 crore works, and out of this almost Rs 2000 crore is from the infrastructure sector, like we have one contract from NTPC worth Rs 550 crore, then rural road project in West Bengal, then creation of new blocks in IIT Kanpur and there are similar kind of projects in other cities and ministries. We have won a contract of border road organization, valuing approximately 1800 crore, which will be taken off in the next financial year.
  ET Now: I also want to understand this deal that you entered with Air India. I know you would not be able to spell out many details, but would these projects, this development that you are going to be doing of land parcels with Air India come at higher margins?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: Definitely because all the land parcels of Air India are situated in metro towns and that too in very prominent locations. So with this agreement, Air India will also be benefitted and they will be able to generate some money for their development plan.
ET Now: Are there any big projects which could substantially boost your top line and bottom line in the next two quarters? Is there some huge project, the revenue recognition is still pending?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: Projects are in progress. Those projects will only give top line increase or bottom line increase, and the orders which we are securing, whether from infrastructure companies or Air India, will take some time. We have started the building of NBCC in the last two years or one-and-a-half-years and you will see the exact results after one year or six months time.
ET Now: I must say that your stock is very popular amongst some smart NHI investors and most of the NHI investors I have interacted with, who track your stock, are of the view that you will soon be a billion dollar company at top line. When I say a billion dollar company, that is about Rs 6,00,000 crore. So are NHI investors right in assessing that?

Rendezvous with the starstelevision
Anish R. Nair grew up with dreams of entering the film industry. In fact, he gave up his career as a journalist with a Malayalam daily when he found it was not his cup of tea. Even though he isn’t sure when he would achieve his goal, currently he is enjoying his outing as a producer–anchor on the small screen. Anish, a senior producer (entertainment) with Mathrubhumi News, currently produces and anchors the show ‘Show Guru’, in which he interviews celebrities. Anish talks about his journey as an anchor and experimenting with the medium. Excerpts:
Where it all began
Ever since I could remember, cinema has been a passion. I wanted to be behind the camera. Whenever there was an event in school or college, I was more interested in capturing the moments rather than being in the frame. After I put in my papers as a reporter, I was jobless for three months. That was a tough phase, but I decided to try my luck on television.
And the journey from there…
I worked as a temporary producer for Asianet News when I did two shows, ‘Dream Homes’ and a segment of a music, trend and travel-based show. Then I moved to Manorama News, where I hosted and produced ‘Sakalakala’ and ‘e-show’, both of them entertainment-based shows. In Mathrubhumi, besides ‘Show Guru’, which has now completed 92 episodes, I do an ‘eating out’ segment for the channel’s morning show. I have also produced school youth festival package and many programmes related to cricket and elections.
‘Show Guru’
It isn’t the usual celebrity show, where the anchor and the guest sit and chat in a room. Our questions are informal, open and even blunt. We tell our guests that if they feel uncomfortable at any point, they can walk out. Also, we select quirky locations and go for unique frames, shots and camera angles but only after ensuring that the guests are happy with the location.
For instance, we interviewed Vinayakan in a building under construction, Chemban Vinod’s interview was shot in a scenic spot near the Chalakkudy river, Anumol was interviewed on the helipad of a building in Kochi with a helicam… We don’t repeat the locations, so each episode is a new experience for the viewers.
A highlight of the show is the promos of each episode. In fact, it is more difficult to make the promos than shoot the full episode. The 30-second promo should have something to make people look forward to the interview.
We have featured almost all the leading celebrities in Malayalam and stars from Tollywood such as Vijay, Surya and Karthi, and a couple of Bollywood artistes too. I want to interview Rajinikanth and Jackie Chan!
As an anchor
I was terrible when I started out (laughs), but didn’t give up. I believe that viewers should always be able to relate to an anchor.
I try to keep my presentation style simple and short, yet different. Also, an anchor should never underestimate the viewer. The moment you try to show off before the camera, they are sure to change the channel.
Tinsel town dreams
It is easier said than done. There are umpteen wannabe filmmakers and actors who have been struggling to get a break and I am taking it step by step.
(‘Show Guru’ is aired on Sundays on Mathrubhumi News at 8.30 p.m., with repeat telecasts on Monday 9.30 a.m. and 4.30 p.m.)

Watch Live: Launch of NASA s Orion Spaceshipwatch live: launch of nasa s orion spaceship
Strong dollar  low energy key to US economy: Prostrong dollar  low energy key to us economy: pro
American Horror Story: Freak Show recap - Blood BathBy Lauren McEwen December 4
Jessica Lange as Elsa Mars, Chrissy Metz as Ima. CR: Sam Lothridge/FX
The title of this week’s episode is appropriate in more ways than one. The death count spikes as loose ends are tied, revenge is sought and Dandy takes another step toward his goal of being the most terrifyingly evil brat of all time.
Gloria has finally accepted the fact that her son is dangerous and needs help. In a therapy session, she explains that he’s always been a bit on the murder-y side. He showed telltale signs of homicidal tendencies from a very young age, from killing household pets to having his friends mysteriously go missing. Her faceless therapist strongly suggests that she have Dandy visit him ASAP, but we all know that Dandy isn’t going to go for that.
The carnies have also realized that they are in serious danger. Having discovered that Ma Petite was missing, they form a search party. Jimmy is the one who finds a bloodstained pile of her tiny clothes. Elsa is distraught when she sees them, wailing as her troupe watches.
Back in her tent, Elsa cancels their all Christmas plans out of respect for Ma Petite’s death, but Ethel is unmoved. She believes that Elsa is responsible for Ma Petite’s death and is feigning her grief to throw the carnies off of her trail. Offended, Elsa slaps her, but Ethel presses on, insisting that the only thing that matters to Elsa is the spotlight and whoever steals that from her is in danger. Ma Petite once made that fatal error, riding a tiny wagon with a toy horse onstage after one of Elsa’s numbers. Naturally, the crowd went nuts and Elsa’s resentment was almost palpable.
If this part of this recap seems long, it’s because this scene basically ran on forever, and for good reason. After 14 years of devotion, Ethel is giving up on her best friend. She no longer trusts Elsa despite her promises and sweet words. “Come one, come all. Suckle at Elsa’s bosom…just don’t ask for top billing,” says Ethel, mocking Elsa’s sales pitch. She also accuses Elsa of plotting to kill the twins with Stanley, a plan that Ethel’s thwarted by helping Bette and Dot get to safety.
Things turn violent when Ethel whips out a pistol and tries to shoot Elsa in the leg. She’s shocked when the bullet goes straight through and Elsa stands before her, unharmed. Elsa finally cops to the fact that she’s also different, explaining about her amputated legs and the prosthetics he was given by a man named Mossimo (played by “Coven’s” Danny Huston) back in Germany.
She insists that her disability is the reason why she cares for the carnies so deeply, but Ethel refuses to put away the gun, claiming that she plans to kill herself instead. With the loss of both Ma Petite, her faith in Elsa and the hope of receiving treatment for her liver, Ethel has very little to live for. Elsa offers her one last drink and, as she turns away, Ethel points the gun at her back. Elsa pretends to reach for a glass, but picks up a knife instead and launches it straight into Ethel’s eye. RIP Ethel.
With a little help from Stanley, Elsa manages to pass Ethel’s death off as a suicide. They sit her in a car, chain her neck to a tree and put a rock on the gas pedal. Elsa thinks it’s gruesome and over-the-top, but Stanley insists that decapitating Ethel will divert attention away from the knife wound her eye. Somehow, Maggie witnesses the crash, but doesn’t spot Stanley or Elsa. Still, Elsa’s freak out is exceedingly dramatic and unconvincing. I’m amazed that the troupe actually bought it.
Gloria’s also busy putting on a show. She arrives home with an elaborate present for Dandy, but he’s got a surprise for her, as well. Dora’s daughter, Regina is in town looking for her mother. Gloria continues to offer up unconvincing lies about Dora being busy with some errand or another, but since Regina is not a total idiot, she remains skeptical and resolves to wait.
Jimmy mourns his own murdered mother at her funeral. She was a mom who told dirty jokes and read him poems by Emily Dickinson. She could fix anything and she loved him. He breaks into tears and Dell and Maggie comfort him. Four seasons in and Evan Peters’ onscreen tears still get to me.
After his eulogy, Desiree pipes up to mourn her friend Ethel, a fiercely independent woman who didn’t need anything from anyone. It quickly turns into a feminist conversation about the unfair world the female carnies face. Penny points out the way her own father brutalized her and Desiree resolves to make him pay, rallying the other women behind her.
Gloria tricks Dandy into seeing the therapist, claiming that the doctor wants to test his IQ. Dandy’s inkblot interpretations are so disturbing that the therapist soon suggests they meet twice a week. Deciding to push the therapist even further, Dandy tells the doctor that he’s been reading about a tribe in New Guinea who ate the remains of enemies they bested in war.
When he arrives home, he confronts his mother about her lie. He refuses to go back to the doctor and resents the fact that Gloria thinks he’s sick. Regina overhears everything and threatens to go to the police if her mother doesn’t show up for dinner tomorrow night. When she leaves, Dandy gets inspired. He agrees to go to the therapist if his mother kills Regina. If he goes to the electric chair, he plans to drag his mother with him.
Meanwhile, Elsa visits a super depressing fat camp in Miami to recruit a new employee. She meets a large woman named Barbara who was sent there by her embarrassed, wealthy parents. Elsa offers her a chance to be in a place where her pounds will be celebrated.
Back in Jupiter, Desiree leads the women in taking revenge on Penny’s father. Penny initially resists but Desiree insists that she’s family and they take care of their own. They break into his house, knock him out and bring him back to the fairgrounds.
As the women use Ethel’s death to drive their vengeance, a drunken Jimmy confronts Elsa about missing his mother’s funeral. Her excuse is that she was in Miami recruiting Barbara who she given the stage name, “Ima Wiggles.” She insists that Ethel’s memory will be honored because the “show will always go on.” Jimmy reminds her that despite how much new talent she recruits the sideshow industry is dying, but Elsa continues to try to sell him on Barbara by pointing out that he can find comfort by nestling into her bosom or something else disturbing. Jimmy just calls her sick and storms off because how else was he supposed to respond to that?
Desiree is in rare form in this episode. The women have a pot of tar on the stove and revenge in mind. They’re literally going to tar and feather Penny’s father. Afterward, Desiree plans to amputate his manhood and throw his body into the river.
Penny steps up to pour the tar and his screams ring out into the camp. Maggie hears them and rushes into the caravan. She begs the women to stop, but Desiree tells her to leave, insisting that this is a “freak women only” affair. She says that the pretty, able-bodied and white Maggie cannot understand, but Maggie refuses to leave. She warns Penny that killing her father will irrevocably damage her and probably land her in prison, forcing her to leave Paul. Penny decides to let her father live, but warns him that she’ll murder him on the spot if he ever comes near them again. Desiree has him left at the edge of camp to crawl home.
Things at the Mott mansion have gotten even worse. Gloria ignores the therapist’s recommendation that she commit Dandy, planning to flee to Europe instead. Dandy overhears the end of her call and tells Gloria that he blames her for everything.
Dora told him the truth when he was young. Gloria’s father lost a fortune during the Great Depression and she, desperate to get back to the kind of wealth in which she was brought up, married her second cousin. Dandy insists that he was “born of deadly sin” and that she knew what his father “had done to those little girls.” Gloria knew that she was risking him growing up to be a murderer, and he refuses to go to Europe with a woman who hates him.
Gloria insists that she loves him above all else and tells him that this is their last chance. She has no more love to give. Dandy pulls out a gun and points it at his own head. Gloria asks him not to kill himself and he obliges, shooting her instead. Honestly, it was really only a matter of time.
Maggie finds a drunk Jimmy slumped over a few bottles. She wants him to get back to being his heroic self, but he’s too depressed to listen and he’s annoyed with her refusal to leave him to it. She says that he did nothing wrong, but in the end he breaks up with her to send her to live her beautiful life with someone else. She tearfully storms off and Jimmy turns to Barbara and buries his head in her bosom, just as Elsa suggested.
If that wasn’t disconcerting enough, back at the Mott mansion, Dandy literally bathes in his mother’s blood. With his mother dead and Jimmy flattened by Ethel’s death, there really isn’t much in Dandy’s way anymore. All of Jupiter is in danger and there are five more episodes to go.

NMDC slashes iron ore pricesDec 04, 2014, 04.49 PM IST  | Source: PTI
NMDC slashes iron ore prices
NMDC, India's largest iron ore producer, had reduced the price for lumps by Rs 200 per tonne in November. It, however, did not change the price for fines last month.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NMDC slashes iron ore prices
NMDC, India's largest iron ore producer, had reduced the price for lumps by Rs 200 per tonne in November. It, however, did not change the price for fines last month.
Post your opinion here
 
In a relief to major domestic steel firms, state-run iron ore miner NMDC  has reduced price of lumps by Rs 200 a tonne and Rs 100 per tonne for fines for the current month on tumbling global prices and lower demand.
NMDC, India's largest iron ore producer, had reduced the price for lumps by Rs 200 per tonne in November. It, however, did not change the price for fines last month.
Following the reduction, the price of lump ore, which has more iron content and is used mostly by domestic steel makers, now stands at Rs 4,200 per tonne. The prices of fines, having less content of iron or the inferior grade, now comes down to Rs 3,060 per tonne.
The miner reviews the prices of the key steel-making raw material every month going by the global prices and domestic demand, had not tweaked rates during the July-October period.
Global iron ore prices have nosedived to five-year low at around USD 70 per tonne mainly because of subdued demand from China, the largest producer of steel in the world. The holding on of the price by NMDC during the four-month period coupled with inadequate availability within the country have forced JSW Steel , a major customer of NMDC, to import the raw material. Essar Steel also buys large quantity of iron ore from NMDC.
The price cut, which might be followed by other miners, would benefit domestic steel firms which are now in a precarious situation now with rising imports from China, Japan and Korea. The price cut could help them to better their margins.
The demand for iron ore has also come down in line with the fall in steel production. NMDC's sales in October actually fell from the previous month even as its sales in first seven months of current fiscal rose to 17.65 million tonnes against 16.03 MT during the corresponding period last year.
Domestic crude steel production also declined by 0.5 percent in October, 2014 from the immediate past month, mainly by a decline of 0.9 percent in production by major producers and a 0.1 percent decline in production by non-major producers.
The price cut might impact NMDC's net sales realisation a little during the current quarter, although it is confident of imporving the bottom-line for the entire fiscal.
NMDC had clocked Rs 6,420 crore net profit in the 2013-14 fiscal. In the first two quarters of the current fiscal, it has reported Rs 3,482 crore. The company also hopes to improve its sales volume to around 32 million tonnes for the current fiscal.
NMDC stock price
On December 10, 2014, NMDC closed at Rs 134.45, down Rs 3.05, or 2.22 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 196.15 and the 52-week low was Rs 123.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 17.68 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 7.6. The latest book value of the company is Rs 75.64 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.78.
RELATED NEWS

Past 2 days we r seeing big buyer ready to buy shares @ 28 rupees...so...New Member
15 Followers
To be honest we are just speculating things here that it would rise "one day". It makes small upmoves, but rally fizzles out with overall bearish sentiment. Market is at all time high, and it is obvious that every now and then we will see such days. All gains evaporate, and it comes back to level 0! :-)
In reply to : moneyhawk message
3.37 PM Dec 16th

Sir i am diploma in mech. polytechnic from rural polytechnic. thanks.Platinum Member
842 Followers
Education is good , Education can fuel in money but education is not necessary to make big money or be rich . You both are right and i am a strong believer in good education but there`s some people in India who think if they are not educated , they can`t do anything (Mainly poor class) . Also parents tell their children this and the burden of education and getting good grades is just too high .
That philosophy is also wrong ,Even if one is not educated , they can still achieve success if they are willing to work hard and be clever . Life does teach us some things we can`t learn just from Education alone .

Yes  that`s what i meant.Platinum Member
291 Followers
Hi bipin.m. Long term investors need not worry. When it will go UP, it wont be stopped by anyone. plz do one thing, mail the copany`s investor relation management and ask for clarification on the future forecast of Eon. `kumar.indramani @ eonelectric . com`
Remove the spaces in between.. Also remember to give ur DPID. The reply will clear ur doubts :)
In reply to : bipin.m message
10.29 AM Dec 10th

In momentum catch it..Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ken Griffin  Illinois  richest man  lists condo on N. Michigan Ave.Ken Griffin, Illinois' richest man, lists condo on N. Michigan Ave.
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Ken Griffin, billionaire in the midst of contentious divorce, lists N. Michigan Ave. condo
Ken Griffin lists condo in favor of more expensive pad at Park Tower
Ken Griffin, the founder of Chicago investment firm Citadel and Illinois' richest man, has listed his three-bedroom, 2,494-square-foot condominium on North Michigan Avenue for $1.4 million.
8
Griffin, who is in the midst of a contentious divorce from his wife Anne Dias Griffin, owns a penthouse condominium on the 67th floor of the nearby Park Tower that  has been his primary residence since he bought it in 2000 for $6.9 million.
  Open link
In 2012, Griffin expanded his domain by paying $15 million to buy a 7,900-square-foot unit on the 66th floor of the Park Tower, Chicago's priciest-ever condo sale.
The three-bedroom unit that Griffin placed on the market Monday is on the 54th floor of a different tower on North Michigan Avenue. He paid $1.02 million for it in late 1995, according to public records.
Features in the unit that Griffin is trying to sell include three baths, south and west views, a formal entry, a large living room and dining room, an eat-in kitchen, and a master suite with a marble bath, a separate shower and a dual vanity.
Even he is leaving this State.
Mr_Common_Sense

Gold prices soar by Rs. 840 in biggest single-day gain this yearPosting this year’s biggest single-day rise of Rs. 840, gold on Tuesday regained the Rs. 27,000 per ten gram level after a gap of over one month in the national capital, tracking rebounds in global markets.
In addition, pick-up in domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the wedding season also buoyed sentiment.
After losing Rs. 730 in last six sessions after the RBI eased imports curbs by scrapping 80:20 scheme, gold staged a strong comeback by rising Rs. 840 to close at Rs. 27,040 per ten grams, a level last seen on October 30.
Silver also recorded a significant gain of Rs. 2,700 to Rs. 37,000 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiment bolstered after gold surged by 3.69 per cent, its biggest gain since September 19, to $1,218.10 an ounce in New York yesterday, as rebound in crude price revived demand for the precious metal as stores of value, bullion traders said.
Globally, silver also surged 7.3 per cent to $16.69 an ounce yesterday, the highest gain since September 2013.
Besides, rising domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the ongoing wedding season too influenced precious metal prices, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs. 840 each to Rs. 27,040 and Rs. 26,840 per ten grams respectively.
Sovereign moved up by Rs. 100 to Rs. 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs. 2,700 to Rs. 37,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs. 2,420 to Rs. 36,340 per kg.
Silver coins recovered sharply by Rs. 3,000 to Rs. 61,000 for buying and Rs. 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

New system uses Sun to make sea water potableNew system uses Sun to make sea water potable
PTI
Tweet
London, Dec 2:  
A new ‘ground breaking’ prototype system that turns sea water into drinking water using just the power of the Sun has been successfully tested in India, its makers claim.
The UK-based firm Desolenator uses a patented technology to transform salt water and other dirty waters, from inland sources, into pure distilled water.
Capable of producing up to 15 litres a day, the system requires no power supply, other than the Sun, and has no moving parts or filters, making it incredibly easy to maintain.
“The unit uses no consumables and a one-off payment will provide water for households for up to 20 years, providing a vital source of water independence to those who need it most,” the company said in a statement.
While the team have assembled a fully working prototype, the company has launched an Indiegogo crowdfunding campaign to take it from prototype to production.
“We have already developed the Desolenator in the UK and tested it in India through 5 prototype iterations. It works! And our water tastes great! according to the company’s Indiegogo page.
“We want to start user testing in south India, and then production of the Desolenator. We want to have a final product ready to ship by October 2015!” the company wrote on the page.
“Climate change and population growth are setting the stage for a global water crisis. A massive 97 per cent of the world’s water is salt water and our plan to tap into this valuable and available resource to disrupt the global water crisis in an unprecedented way,” William Janssen, CEO, said.
The process is called desalination and today while 0.7 per cent of the world’s water comes from desalination, existing technology is expensive, inefficient and disproportionally drains 0.5 per cent of the world’s global energy supply, according to the company.
“Desolenator is different from existing desalination and home water technologies — it harnesses solar power in an elegant new way, maximising the amount of solar radiation that hits the technologies surface area through a combination of thermal, electrical and heat exchange, creating pure clean drinking water through the power of Sun,” said Janssen.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

1st Fracking Ban By Texas Town Takes Effect1st fracking ban by texas town takes effect
Cabinet clears changes to Companies Act for ease of doing businessNEW DELHI, December 2, 2014
Updated: December 2, 2014 23:27 IST
Cabinet clears changes to Companies Act for ease of doing business
PTI
civil
This will be among the first major initiatives by the government to make changes in the country’s regulatory framework to improve its global ranking.
Within months of the new Companies Act coming into force, the government, on Tuesday, cleared a slew of changes to this law to make it easier for corporates to do business and to ensure severe punishment for those raising illegal deposits from the public.
This would be among the first major initiatives by the government to make changes in the country’s regulatory framework to improve its global ranking for ease of doing business, where India has been ranked very low at 142nd position in the latest World Bank report.
14 amendments
The 14 proposed amendments, which were approved by the Union Cabinet this evening, also include provision to ensure that frauds beyond a certain threshold would need to be mandatorily reported by the auditors to the government.
It has now included a provision that prescribes specific punishment for deposits accepted under the new Act. This was left out in the Act inadvertently.
Corporates
To address concerns raised by the corporates, the government has also agreed to relax a number of norms, including those pertaining to related party transactions. Also, resolutions passed by the companies’ boards would not be subjected to public inspection. Also, a provision is now included for writing off past losses/depreciation before declaring dividend for the year.
The new Companies Act, which came into force with effect from April 1 with some provisions yet to become operational, has faced stiff criticism for many provisions.
The new law, put in place by the previous government, has replaced a nearly six-decade-old Companies Act, 1956, but the new government has been indicating for quite some time that it would bring in necessary changes to address concerns raised by various stakeholders, including corporates.
The Companies (Amendment) Bill, 2014, cleared by the Union Cabinet, chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, would now go to Parliament to bring into effect necessary amendments to the existing Act.

Artificial intelligence could eliminate mankind: Hawkinghuman science
Efforts to develop artificial intelligence to create thinking machines pose a threat to the very existence of human race, famed British theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking warned on Tuesday.
“The development of full artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race,” the 72-year-old cosmologist and author said when asked about a revamp of the technology he uses to communicate, which involves a basic form of artificial intelligence (AI).
Hawking, who has a motor neuron disease, is using a new system developed by Intel to speak.
Machine learning experts from the British company Swiftkey were also involved in its creation. Their technology learns how the professor thinks and suggests the words he might want to use next.
Hawking says the primitive forms of artificial intelligence developed so far have already proved very useful, but he fears the consequences of creating something that can match or surpass humans.

India s RBI seen going big when cutting ratesAn RBI rate cut is now seen as a given, some analysts say.
Debate in markets shifting to the extent of rate cuts, they add.
The analysts expect Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut rates by 50 bps at one stroke sometime in Feb-April.
“Since the RBI believes that its actions will have a powerful signaling impact on investment sentiment, the first cut may well be 50 bps,” Deutsche Bank says in a note.
Deutsche, Citi expect 100 bps in rate cuts between Feb 2015 and March 2016.
1-year OIS down 67 bps since end of September.
TAGS: Deutsche Bank Reserve Bank Of India
More from markets
Falling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets Apprehensions of a possible repeat of the 1998 Russian financial crisis following a 20% fall in the rouble.

US refiners run flat out to process crudeUS refineries run flat out to process cheap crude
Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2b55b0b6-7a71-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why Hillary Clinton is waitingBy Jennifer Rubin December 3 Follow @JRubinBlogger
In the previous post, we went through the GOP’s potential 2016 field to look at the timing of announcements to run for president. On the Democratic side, there is Hillary Clinton — and then everyone else. Any aspirants in the “other” category get traction if and when Clinton falters. So for now, is Clinton smart to put off, as news reports suggest, the inevitable announcement of the inevitable nominee?
Hillary Clinton speaks at a reelection campaign rally for Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) in Nashua, N.H., last month. (Brian Snyder/Reuters)
For Clinton, there is practically nothing but upside to waiting. She saves some money (which will be hefty considering the expected size of her operation). She avoids some scrutiny and can duck issues that she does not want to address. The list of issues she would rather not talk about in any depth is long. It includes most anything controversial that would increase the tension between her need to stick close to the president and his base, on one hand, and, on the other, her need to distance herself from a failing president.
If she declares her candidacy, she might have a nettlesome group of reporters around, daring to ask questions and recording her frequent blunders. Laying low confirms that she is running (otherwise she would not paralyze the party), so she need not fear that money, staff or support will stray.
The only downside is that GOP contenders enter the race and begin attacking her with success, for which she is unwilling or unable to adequately counter. Tim Miller, co-founder of the GOP opposition research firm America Rising PAC, argues: “She’s already a candidate for President. She has an unprecedented group of coordinating super PACs doing her bidding. So her current posture is exposing her to the scrutiny of a candidate without the campaign — and in that state her approval rating has tanked.” Indeed, her book tour was a wealth of oppo material that future opponents can dish out to remind voters not only of her record but also her lack of connection to average Americans. “So continued delay won’t change that and it won’t change groups like ours holding her accountable — as you’ve seen this week on issues like her dodging on Keystone,” vows Miller.
Her delay seems to run counter to the advice from the man who helped engineer her defeat in 2008. Politico recently reported that Democrats have been expressing alarm about the wait:
The Republican attack machine was already revving up, running anti-Hillary focus groups to figure out her vulnerabilities, dispatching opposition researchers to Arkansas, churning out anti-Hillary books and creating Fox News-fodder talking points to cast her State Department tenure as a failure and her campaign-to-be as a third-term extension of Obama’s increasingly unpopular presidency.
Now [David] Plouffe, with the politesse of a man accustomed to padding around a president, implored her to start assembling a campaign as soon as possible and to dispense with the coy fiction that she’s not running in 2016. “Why not?” he asked. “They are already going after you.”
That’s good advice to a capable candidate who is her own best salesman. But we are talking Hillary Clinton, whose book tour proved that the more voters see of her, the less they like her. The decision to delay her formal entry into the race is in reality a giant vote of no confidence in the Democrats’ inevitable candidate. For the same reason she shies away from commenting substantively on the hottest issues, Clinton and those around her see more to be lost than gained by increasing her exposure. That alone should trouble Democrats.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Cyclicals lead Wall St. higher; Dow  S&P end at recordsWall St. falls in volatile session, energy stocks up
Reuters
8
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.9 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.94, the S&P 500 lost 16.85 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.78 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Despite a sharp drop in Brent crude futures, energy sector stocks on the S&P 500 gained 0.7 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11

Scientists call for killer asteroid huntScientists call for killer asteroid hunt
Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0925c1ac-7b0c-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Norways oil fund to remain oil investorDecember 3, 2014 2:38 pm
Norway’s oil fund to remain oil investor
Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dc0f2c6c-7aed-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Officer who shot 12-year-old Tamir Rice displayed dismal handgun performance in exerciseBy Sarah Larimer December 3 Follow @slarimer
Samaria Rice leaves the funeral services of her son Tamir in Cleveland, Ohio, on Wednesday. (Aaron Josefczyk/Reuters)
Two years ago, when he was working for a police department in a Cleveland suburb, Tim Loehmann participated in firearms qualification training.
Loehmann struggled with the exercise, according to a memo penned Nov. 29, 2012, by Jim Polak, deputy chief of the Independence Police Department  and obtained Wednesday by Northeast Ohio Media Group . He was “distracted” and “weepy,” Polak wrote, and did not seem “mentally prepared” for the task.
“He could not follow simple directions, could not communicate clear thoughts nor recollections, and his handgun performance was dismal,” Polak wrote.
The letter recommended that the department split with Loehmann, who later resigned and went on to graduate from the city of Cleveland’s police academy . A Cleveland police spokesman told the media group that officers didn’t look at the file before hiring Loehmann .
“Unfortunately in law enforcement there are times when instructions need be followed to the letter, and I am under the impression Ptl. Loehmann, under certain circumstances, will not react in the way instructed,” the letter reads.
Loehmann’s file was released following the fatal shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice, who was killed late last month when the rookie officer and his partner responded to an emergency call about a man pointing a gun at people in a park.
Tamir had been playing with a replica of a weapon. When Loehmann arrived at the scene, he jumped out of a cruiser and fired in a matter of seconds , according to surveillance video released by authorities last month.
Editor's note: This video contains graphic content. The family of Tamir Rice, the 12-year-old boy who was shot and killed by police while carrying a BB gun in a Cleveland park, authorized the release of surveillance footage showing the incident. (Cleveland Police)
Tamir’s family and friends gathered Wednesday for a memorial service at Mount Sinai Baptist Church in Cleveland. He was remembered as a competitive basketball player who liked to draw, and had fallen for a girl in his school, the Northeast Ohio Media Group reported .
“Tamir will never die because he lives inside each one of us. He has impacted all of our lives in one way or another, or we would not be here today,” his uncle, Mike Petty said, according to the media group. “The only way that Tamir will ever die, is if we as a family, as a city, as a community and as a nation forget what happened to a 12-year-old boy playing in the park on Saturday, November 22, 2014.”
The letter that details Loehmann’s firearms training also describes other troubling behavior. After he was issued a firearm, for example, Loehmann was told to secure it in a locker. A sergeant asked if he had a lock for the locker, and Loehmann told him he did. The sergeant later noticed that Loehmann’s locker didn’t have a lock, and eventually determined that he had left his firearm unsecured overnight.
“It appears from the pattern developing within our short time frame with Ptl. Loehmann that he often feels that when told to do something, that those instructions are optional, and that he can manipulate them if he so feels it can better serve him,” the letter reads. “I do not say he is doing this for some benefit, or in an insubordinate way, but he just appears to have the mind set that if he thinks he knows better, than that is the course he follows.”
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Philip Bump  Peter Holley and Wesley LoweryReporter — Washington, D.C.
Latest
[Peppermint bark joke here.]
Dec 15, 2014
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, have been busy during their brief stay in the United States.
Dec 9, 2014
Thousands of Midwest FurFest 2014 attendees were evacuated from the Hyatt Regency O’Hare hotel early Sunday. The incident is being investigated as a criminal act.
Dec 8, 2014
“Now that the local investigation has concluded, I am here to announce that the Justice Department will proceed with a federal civil rights investigation into Mr. Garner’s death,” the attorney general said.
Dec 3, 2014
Obama was thanked on the front pages of California’s La Opinión and New York’s El Diario La Prensa. But an editorial in the partner newspapers says: “This is a positive, although incomplete measure.”
Nov 21, 2014
Thirteen years after the Twin Towers were felled, 1 World Trade Center welcomed Conde Nast as its first commercial tenant.
Nov 3, 2014
Brooklin Yazzie of Mesa, Ariz., put her ring in a candy jar. Oops.
Nov 3, 2014
The “Harry Potter” star covered the high-degree-of-difficulty Blackalicious song “Alphabet Aerobics.“
Oct 29, 2014
Messing with the CNN anchor rarely goes well. Just ask Vandon Gene, the Canadian journalist who got shamed by Cooper in Ottawa — and on Twitter.
Oct 23, 2014
“For Benjamin Bradlee, journalism was more than a profession — it was a public good vital to our democracy,” the president said in a statement.
Oct 21, 2014
Load More
About
J. Freedom du Lac plays point guard on the general assignment news desk. He was previously an enterprise reporter at The Post, covering history, gambling, people and places. In a past life, he served as the Style section's pop music critic. Freedom is his given middle name. He tweets at @jfdulac and can be reached at j.dulac@washpost.com or (202) 334-5268.
Most Read

I cant breathe: Final words become a symbol of anger  frustrationProtests erupt across U.S. after grand jury declines to indict N.Y. officer
View Photos
A Staten Island grand jury declined to bring charges in the case of Eric Garner, who died this summer.
Caption
A Staten Island grand jury declined to bring charges in the case of Eric Garner, who died this summer.
 Dec. 5, 2014 Protesters participate in a 'Die-In' at New York's Grand Central Station during a march for Eric Garner. Protesters in New York and other cities staged a fourth night of rallies on Saturday, denouncing use of deadly force by police against minorities. Andrew Kelly/Reuters
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
Around 7:30 p.m., about 450 people stood on the west side of the street, while the Christmas tree-lighting ceremony remained inaccessible thanks to dozens of police and a long line of barricades on 6th Avenue. The crowd was reportedly calm, though police made arrests in the streets near Rockefeller Plaza, according to Twitter.
Chants of “Shut it down!” competed with “We Shall Overcome” at the new epicenter of the protests, 47th Street — also known as the Diamond District.
They're starting to make arrests at Rockefeller to those in the streets #ICantBreathe
— Linda Listen (@LindseyIndia) December 4, 2014
Someone just got snatched and arrested right now. They believe it was a journalist. Crowd is starting to get intense in NYC
— Rada Tha RebeliouZ (@ThaRebeliouZ) December 4, 2014
A livestream broadcast of gatherings across the city can be viewed here .
Kim Ortiz, who does organizing with Copwatch in the Bronx, was pumping her fist to the chant of the protesters. Her organization does what the name indicates: paying attention to police activity.
“Eric Garner’s case was public because of the video,” she said, “but it happens all the time.” Asked whether she’d gone to the Ferguson protests, she said she had. “I feel like it’s the same rage, just a different victim.”
Five police, two black, stood nearby.
"If we don't get it" https://t.co/IYUnCVWbpK
— Philip Bump (@pbump) December 3, 2014
Within moments of the grand jury decision, protesters in Ferguson took to the streets — and several of the most vocal young activists scrambled to book plane tickets to New York.
Those in the St. Louis are – where more than 100 days of protests have kept attention on the topic of policing in communities of color – have built ties with activists across the country and with the families of other black men killed by police, including Garner.
The Ferguson protesters, still enraged by last week’s grand jury decision in Missouri, almost immediately announced plans for a nighttime march and acts of civil disobedience.
Activists elsewhere aired their frustrations and solidarity online. On Wednesday, Garner’s final words — “I can’t breathe” — had become  a symbol of their pain . The reaction was swift and pronounced, with many calling for protest and action.
The New York chapter of the NAACP released a statement Wednesday afternoon saying that Pantaleo should have been indicted for “deliberately and recklessly” causing Garner’s death. The organization called on the Justice Department to pursue federal civil rights charges against the officer.
In a phone interview, Hazel Nell Dukes, president of the NAACP New York State Conference, said she planned to gather peacefully with other protesters at Grand Central Station on Wednesday evening. She said organizers were disappointed by the grand jury’s decision not to indict Pantaleo in Garner’s death but had asked protesters to remain peaceful.
“I’m terribly upset,” Dukes said. “I have watched that video over 20 times, and each time I have just been overwhelmed by it. Now to talk about his obesity and asthma when the man was pleading for his life just don’t make any sense. This is outrageous.”
RELATED: with Eric Garner, Obama’s body camera argument just took a big hit
Douglas Davis, a black college professor, came to Times Square for the protest. He hadn’t been to any of New York’s Ferguson protests.
“What’s happening now is very similar to what my parents and grandparents experienced with lynchings — but it’s happening within the system itself,” said Davis, whose family is from South Carolina. “I find it hard to put into words what continues to happen.”
One man stands among protesters holding his scarf up as though he's being hung. pic.twitter.com/1V09jATCBZ
— Kate Pastor (@Bronxbeautiful) December 3, 2014
After leaving Times Square, protesters quickly got swallowed up by larger, quieter crowds doing holiday shopping or heading to the tree lighting. As it does for big events, the NYPD shut down several major avenues, making it difficult to impossible to get over to Rockefeller Plaza. Lining 6th Avenue, protesters encountered scores of police, most of them standing quietly and chatting.
More scenes from the streets surrounding Rockerfeller Center. https://t.co/qYUoafrWLM
— Joel D. Anderson (@byjoelanderson) December 4, 2014
One protester, a white man, walked by and called the police murderers. One officer smiled, irritating his accuser. A young black woman approached moments later with a question for the officers: “How do I get to the tree lighting?”
Soon, the crowd at 30 Rockefeller Center had mostly dissipated. Rachel Germany, with her son Langston on her shoulders, watched the stragglers. “It’s an outrageous decision after an outrageous decision involving police and people of color, I had to come, and I had to bring my son.”
Police, over bullhorn: "We don't want nobody to get hurt." pic.twitter.com/9A4MFZuzuk
— Philip Bump (@pbump) December 4, 2014
Police stand ready. pic.twitter.com/etxezpAFWf
— Philip Bump (@pbump) December 4, 2014
Miguel Fermin came out to the protest after work. “I’m tired,” he said. “I’m a blue collar worker. I pay my taxes. We’re just tired.” Fermin has an eight-month old daughter and a 12 year-old son. He’d yelled his support for the police standing watch, saying “This is not about you. This is about justice.”
“If something happens to my son,” he said, “these are the first people I’d run to. But I took my time to come out here for my kids.” His son was doing his homework as Fermin prepared to leave for the protest. “He asked me, ‘what does indictment mean?’”
A bus pulled away and the police stirred. Fermin laughed. “The tourists are gone, and here come the batons!”
Later in the evening, protesters took to West Side Highway, where police were attempting to clear the road  and reportedly arrested demonstrators.
Tons of arrests happening on West Side Highway. #EricGarner pic.twitter.com/QuHMchMrPo
— Nicolás Medina Mora (@MedinaMora) December 4, 2014
As the protests continued, the Daily News (which had obtained the video of Garner’s arrest that led to widespread outrage over the summer) tweeted the image of their front page for tomorrow. Their headline includes the same mantra that demonstrators chanted:
Brutal. Our front page tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/31JazbMJOW & our editorial http://t.co/oLjS2s5uxn
— Harry Siegel (@harrysiegel) December 4, 2014
Holley reported from Washington, Lowery from Ferguson. Elahe Izadi contributed.
[This post has been updated multiple times.]
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.
Wesley Lowery covers Capitol Hill for The Fix and Post Politics.

Wrigley rehab plan has fewer signs after National Park Service input11
Specifically, the agency was concerned that the two video screens and five signs would take the focus away from the historic centerfield scoreboard and recommended the team reduce the number of signs, said Park Service spokeswoman Kathy Kupper.
In addition to removing a script sign in left field, the Cubs made several other concessions to receive the Park Service's approval of the signage, according to an agreement the agency provided the Tribune on Wednesday.
The proposed right-field video screen will shrink to 2,200 square feet from 2,400 square feet. It will also be moved closer to the foul line where the bleachers are not as tall. The new location allows the video screen to be set lower. A script sign that the Cubs planned to put in the same location will be moved closer to the centerfield scoreboard.
The Park Service also had concerns about the number of video screens in the ballpark. In light of the second video board in the outfield, the agency asked the Cubs to modify the LED video ribbon board planned for the fascia of the upper deck grandstand.
The agreement appears unclear on the future of those ribbon boards. Kupper said the Cubs would eliminate them entirely and replace them with billboards. However, Green said the Cubs have agreed only to reduce the length of ribbon board with the exact length to be determined.
If the Cubs eliminate one or more of the proposed outfield signs, the agency will reconsider the team's request for the ribbon boards, Kupper said.
In seeking the tax incentives, the Cubs are required to gain approval of the entire project from the Park Service, which determines whether the renovation of historic properties meets the Department of Interior's standards and is thus eligible for tax credits.
The federal government has promoted the tax breaks as a way to preserve historic commercial properties and encourage their contemporary use. The tax breaks are credited with saving Fenway Park in Boston, the oldest baseball stadium in the major leagues.
Once the Park Service determines that a project is eligible for credits, preservationists said, it typically takes an ongoing regulatory role, lending an additional layer of evaluation to the redevelopment of historic properties.
The Park Service reviewed about 40 amendments for the Fenway Park proposal, Kupper said.
"This is very standard, does not raise my eyebrows whatsoever," said McDonald, of Landmarks Illinois.
A key difference between the federal and local review processes is that Park Service officials may be less subject to political pressure than members of a local landmarks commission appointed by the mayor.
McDonald added: "I think (Park Service officials) have a different mentality in mind. They recognize that they are guardians for the taxpayers funding the preservation program in our nation."
Tribune reporter Blair Kamin contributed.

Children tortured at Australia ashram: CommissionPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
In a shocking disclosure, children as young as four were starved, tortured and drugged besides being subjected to “horrific” sexual and physical abuse at Australia’s oldest ashram founded by an Indian, a public hearing into the sexual abuse case heard yesterday.
According to the evidence presented at the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse, children were forced to expose their genitals to Satyananda Yoga Ashram members and drugged with morphine for minor ailments.
“I was forced to expose my genitals to ashram members and drugged with morphine for minor ailments,” said a former child resident, given the pseudonym APK.
She said she witnessed the torture of children as young as four after she moved to the ashram with her family when she was aged nine in 1978.
Families who brought their children to the Satyananda Yoga Ashram in the 1970s and 1980s thought they were giving them a better life but the commission heard the youngsters were subjected to horrific sexual and physical abuse, Sydney Morning Herald reported.
APK moved to the ashram, located on Mangrove Mountain in New South Wales, with her family when she was aged nine in 1978.
Her older sister, given the pseudonym APL, told the commission that sexual activity was banned at the ashram and those who disobeyed were punished by its leader, Swami Akhandananda Saraswati who established the ashram in 1974.
“If Akhandananda found out that any of the swamis were having sex with each other he would publicly shame them and sometimes beat them,” she said.
The commission heard that Akhandananda, who died around 17 years ago, was a serial sex abuser who forced child residents into depraved acts for his own gratification.
The commission heard that 11 children were abused by Akhandananda while living at the ashram in during the 1970s and 1980s. He told victims they would be killed, beaten or cast out if they disclosed the abuse.
The commission heard that Akhandananda began a sexual relationship with a 16-year-old girl after he moved to Australia from India in 1974.

Acer Aspire E15 review: The perfect portable'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
We don’t talk much about laptops these days. All the conversation about computing seems to be centred around smartphones and tablets. But there are still lots of people who are picking up their first laptops, especially in a country like India. College students, for instance, need a proper computer with a keyboard and an optical disc drive to do much of their work. The tablet falls short of much of their needs. But is it possible to buy a good functional laptop for the price of a tablet? I think I have found the answer in the new Acer Aspire E15.
Design: The E15 is a large laptop with a 15.6-inch screen, the type that has started becoming rare these days. But this means the laptop is ideal for those who need a lot of real estate to work on —for instance, those working on design needs and research. However, despite the size, the E15 is far from bulky. Yes, it is heavy at 2.4 kg, but it is relatively slim with a maximum height of 27.15 mm.
The review unit I got was all-black with a matte finished body. The wrist rest and the rear of the clamshell had a perforated texture. The trackpad is at the same level as the keys, while the keyboard itself was housed a level below. There is just one power button outside the keyboard, and this makes the design uncomplicated and simple.
The full size fine-tip keyboard is good to work on with just the right amount of travel on the keys. However, I found the edges of the laptop to be a bit too sharp and my wrists felt strained after I had written a 500-word piece using the E15. You might need to pad up this sharp edge if you want to use the computer for long hours. The ports are all in the rear, just under the screen. The lower half of the clamshell rises up towards the screen to accommodate all the HDMI, LAN and two USB ports. Even power point is at the rear.
Display: The HD display is good for all types of uses and does not have much glare. No, it is not a touchscreen and there is no FullHD, but then this is a budget laptop.
Performance: The E15, for obvious reasons, is not powered by a Intel Core i3 or i5 processor. What it has is the Bay Trail based Intel Celeron N2830 processor, which has better power efficiency than third generation Core i3 processors, but might be a bit lacking when it comes to processing and overall features. However, for the price point this offers a good value proposition. It is not as fast as the latest Core i3 processors and will groan a bit if pushed to the limit as I discovered by browsing the web using the Chrome and over a dozen tabs running. But I was pleased to see the laptop remains cool even under pressure. This one won’t trouble you much if you are doing regular stuff, but it is not built for anything more tiresome. The E15 starts up really quickly and wakes up from sleep in under 10 seconds.
Verdict: If you are looking for a very affordable, full function laptop then the Acer Aspire E15 is definitely a good option. I would recommend this for high school and college students, but not for those who are looking for a business laptop. But yes this costs just as much, or even lower than a lot of tablets and if you are looking to be productive then the E15 might prove to be the better bet.
Estimated street price:  Rs 20,261
TAGS: Acer Aspire E15
More from industry
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Passive Candidates Top Priority for Hiring Executives: LinkedInIIT-Delhi Students Turn Down $125,000 Offers
Passive candidates, meaning those who are employed, but not currently looking for a new opportunity, are the biggest draw for recruitment executives across the world, according to professional networking site LinkedIn's annual survey.
"Candidates which are great, happy in their current job and the current company is taking care of them... If you talk to HR, CXOs, these are the candidates companies want to hire," said Irfan Abdulla, director of talent solutions at LinkedIn India. ( Watch the full interview here )
According to LinkedIn research, around 60 per cent of the fully-employed workforce falls into this category.
Traditionally, for employers, reaching out to passive candidates was difficult and the only way to reach out to them was through staffing agencies or headhunters, Mr Abdulla said. But employers are now increasingly using professional networking platforms for reaching out to passive candidates, he added.
The other big takeaway of LinkedIn's survey is the marked improvement in hiring sentiment, which augurs well for millions of employees in the country. 79 per cent of human resource (HR) leaders told LinkedIn that hiring volume will improve this year as compared to 57 per cent last year.
"Achhe Din in Indian job market is coming to reality... The volume and budget for hiring is increasing in India," said Mr Abdulla.
Another important finding was Indian HR leaders are increasingly using social and professional networking platforms as a source for hiring talent. Mr Abdulla said that 44 per cent of HR leaders in India said that professional networking platforms are important for them as compared to 36 per cent last year. The global average was 38 per cent, he added.
The LinkedIn survey ranked Indian HR leaders No 1 in terms of data-driven decision making when it comes to talent acquisition.
The survey covered about 4,000 HR and talent acquisition leaders across the globe, including nearly 500 from India.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 11:31 (IST)

FII s net investment in equities set to cross Rs 1-trillion in 2014FIIs' net investment in equities set to cross Rs 1 lakh cr in 2014
Deepak Korgaonkar & Puneet Wadhwa | Mumbai / New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 10:50 PM IST
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have kept faith in the India story this calendar year (2014). Their net investment in the Indian equity market is set to exceed Rs 1 lakh crore for a third straight year.
FIIs, along with foreign portfolio investors (FPI), have made a net investment of Rs 99,413 crore ($16.47 billion) in Indian stocks till Thursday, according to data with the Central Depository Services (India).
They put in an (net) additional Rs 474 crore on Thursday, from provisional data released by the stock exchanges.
The current calendar year will be fourth in the past two decades when foreign investors invested more than Rs 1 lakh crore in a year. Cumulatively, the foreign investors have made net inflows of Rs 7,85,297 crore ($162.57 billion) in the Indian equity market since 1992.
FIIs had in 2010 made a record net investment of Rs 1,33,267 crore ($29.4 billion). In 2012, they made a net investment of Rs 1,28,361 crore ($24.37 billion) and of Rs 1,13,136 crore ($20.10 billion) in 2013.
Total net investment by FIIs (debt and equity segments) into India so far this year have touched $41.79 billion. Their cumulative total flows into the country have reached $212.79 billion, data show.
Outlook
Analysts believe the global interest rate scenario will be key for future flows into India, as well as for domestic growth indicators.
Ridham Desai, managing director, strategist and head of India equity research at Morgan Stanley, says an increase in US interest rates could derail flows and cause growth problems for India, especially when the country’s macroeconomy is still recuperating. The flip side is that domestic liquidity has been steadily improving due to macro rebalancing at home, he says.
A pick-up in growth, however, can see an increase in the pace and quantum of flows into India, say analysts.
“In our base case, we expect reforms to revitalise real investment growth to 10 per cent a year and pushing potential output growth to 6.5 per cent annually in the next five years. If reforms are fast-tracked, real investment growth could hit 15 per cent a year, in our view, thereby lifting potential growth to above eight per cent,” explains Sonal Varma, India economist at Nomura.
“As growth recovers, equity inflows rise: Portfolio equity inflows pick up quickly, while FDI (foreign direct investment) follows with a lag. Additionally, debt flows - external commercial borrowing and short-term trade credit - are also positively correlated with growth,” she adds.

Free WiFi service at New Delhi Railway Station launchedDec 04, 2014 at  12:17pm IST
Free WiFi service at New Delhi Railway Station launched
48
1
New Delhi: Passengers at New Delhi railway station will be able to access WiFi internet within its premises as the public transporter is kicking off a scheme for providing more connectivity at stations.
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu will launch the WiFi facility at the busiest station in the country here with the project being implemented by RailTel, a railway PSU which is mandated to provide the service at major stations across the country.
Passengers on all 16 platforms at New Delhi railway station will be able to access the WiFi internet. "We are providing the WiFi service as a value-added facility for passengers," said a senior railway ministry official.
The WiFi facility shall be available free of cost for an initial period of 30 minutes. For usage beyond 30 minutes, users may purchase scratch cards.
#free wifi #wifi #internet #new delhi railway station
The WiFi facility shall be available free of cost for an initial period of 30 minutes and would require the people at the station to register for the same through their mobile phones.
For usage beyond 30 minutes, the user may purchase scratch cards which will be made available at 24X7 WiFi helpdesks on the concourse at the Paharganj and Ajmeri gate sides of New Delhi railway station.
"These cards are priced at Rs 25 for 30 minutes and Rs 35 for one hour and are valid through 24 hours," said the official.
The total cost of the project is Rs 50 lakh and an amount of Rs 16 lakh will be spent annually to run the facility. The wi-fi facility is to be provided at 75 major category stations within a year.
The facility is to be launched on a trial basis at Agra, Ahmedabad and Varanasi by the end of December and at Howrah, Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus and Secunderabad by January next year.
New Delhi station is the busiest station in the country with about 300 trains and close to 5 lakh passengers coming to its platforms daily.
103

Emails reveal Steve Jobs  determination to keep non-iTunes music away from Apple s iPods25
0
Oakland: Legendary Apple CEO Steve Jobs had seven words for a subordinate when he learned that a rival company was about to introduce a program that would let music fans buy songs anywhere and play them on Apple's iPod devices.
"We may need to change things here," Jobs said in a terse, 2005 email that was shown to jurors in federal court Tuesday, on the opening day of trial in a billion-dollar antitrust lawsuit that accuses Apple of using unfair tactics to maintain its dominance in the digital music business.
Attorneys for an estimated 8 million consumers and iPod resellers say Jobs' email spurred an internal campaign to keep Apple's popular iPods free of music that wasn't purchased from Apple's own iTunes store. By updating the iTunes and iPod software to block music from competing online stores, Apple maintained a closed system that discouraged consumers from buying competing music players, plaintiffs' attorney Bonny Sweeney argued Tuesday. That froze out makers of rival devices, and allowed Apple to sell iPods at inflated prices, she told jurors.
Steve Jobs had seven words for a subordinate when he learned that a rival company was about to introduce a program that would let music fans buy songs anywhere and play them on iPod devices.
#steve jobs #apple #ipod
Plaintiffs' attorney Patrick Coughlin also showed jurors a 2003 email from Jobs, written about the launch of another competitor's online music store, which said, "We need to make sure that when Music Match launches" their store, "they cannot use iPod."
Apple lawyers deny the company competed unfairly. Several high-ranking Apple executives are expected to testify during the trial.
And while Jobs died in 2011, he is a central figure in the class-action case. Sweeney said she will show a video of Jobs testifying in a 2011 deposition later this week. A partial transcript of that session shows Jobs asserting he couldn't remember details of actions taken several years earlier, while also betraying signs of his legendary impatience. In one exchange with attorneys, Jobs acknowledged that he helped write a press release statement that accused RealNetworks of "adopting the tactics and ethics of a hacker to break into the iPod."
Jobs' statements have turned out to be pivotal in other antitrust cases that Apple has faced in recent years, including one in which a judge found Apple conspired with publishers to set e-book prices. In another, a federal judge cited "compelling evidence" that Jobs was a central figure in an alleged conspiracy by leading tech companies to abstain from hiring each other's employees.
A Stanford economist will testify later in the iPod trial that Apple overcharged iPod buyers by nearly $350 million. Under federal antitrust law, the Cupertino, California company could be ordered to pay three times that amount if jurors agree that Apple's actions were anticompetitive.
But attorneys for Apple said their own experts will testify that the plaintiffs' economic analysis is deeply flawed. Apple lawyer William Isaacson also told jurors that Apple had legitimate competitive reasons to update its software with new consumer features as well as code that blocked music from other sources. Legitimate product improvements are allowed under antitrust law, regardless of their impact on competitors.
The close integration between Apple's iPods and its iTunes store allowed them to work better for consumers, Isaacson said, adding that software developed by rival music sellers such as RealNetworks could have posed a security threat to the iTunes software.
"Apple products would not be as good or secure if third parties can come into the system," he said.
Apple shares closed down 44 cents at $114.63 Tuesday.
3

Soha Ali Khan  Kunal Kemmu to marry on January 25Soha Ali Khan, Kunal Kemmu to marry on January 25
Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 04, 2014
First Published: 11:57 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 12:03 IST(4/12/2014)
Comments
Soha Ali Khan and Kunal Kemmu have finally set a date and their families cannot be happier.
The couple, which has been dating for four years and live together in Mumbai, will wed on January 25 in what is being described as an austere ceremony. Soha and Kunal announced their engagement in July this year on Twitter.
The couple is planning a simple ceremony which will be attended only by close friends and immediate family.
However, according to a report in DNA, the marriage will hardly be 'simple'.
"How can a wedding in the Khan-Tagore parivar be simple? Even the Saif-Kareena wedding was meant to be attended by just a selected few. Soha and Kunal have planned an austere wedding on January 25. But we feel it will finally turn into a big fat wedding," a friend said.
Earlier this month, Soha's mother Sharmila had confirmed Soha and Kunal's marriage plans in an interview to HT, "Everyone in the family loves Kunal. We are all very happy that he and Soha have finally decided to get married."
"Kunal is a very nice person. He will keep my daughter immensely happy," added Sharmila.
Actors and lovebirds Soha Ali Khan and Kunal Kemmu. (File photo)
 
 

Gold import duty cut unlikely before BudgetGold import duty cut unlikely before Budget, says FinMin official
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 13:10 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Any revision in gold import duty is unlikely to take place before the Budget and there is no proposal as of now to reduce the 10 per cent duty, a finance ministry official said.
"On import duty (on gold) there is no decision at the moment. Import duty whatever has to be done will form part of the Budget. At the moment there is no proposal to reduce import duty on gold ," the official said.
There have been widespread expectations of a reduction in customs duty on gold due to the improved current account deficit situation. The Commerce Ministry has also been pitching for a cut in import duty on the precious metal.
The General Budget for the coming financial year is generally announced on the last working day of February.
Earlier this week, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan had also said that there were some requests to change the duty structure (on gold) and that government will view and take a decision on it.
The then government in 2013 had increased import duty on gold to 10 per cent following an increasing current account deficit (CAD) mainly due to import of gold.
Speaking about the removal of 80:20 rule, the official said it was enough to ease the problem of gold availability and this will curb the problem of smuggling that was taking place in the country.
Besides, the CAD situation is fairly comfortable and therefore there was no need to continue with it, the official added.
The 80:20 gold import rule was put in place in August 2013 to curb high gold inflows that were leading to widening the CAD.
In November, the government decided to scrap this scheme as it was creating distortions. Under this scheme, at least 20 per cent of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lots of the precious metal.
The surprise move came at a time when the industry was actually expecting more curbs on imports of gold, which is seen as an unproductive asset-attracting household savings away from the financial markets.
"The decision to scrap the 80:20 scheme is a reasonable one and let us see how it plays out. I think the fact that we have a substantial fall in crude imports means that we have some room to sustain an expansion in another import," the RBI Governor had said.
Rajan had said the decision to withdraw the scheme was taken by the government and the central bank's involvement was just to advise it on the same as there were some debates about the 80:20 scheme and the distortion it was creating. It can be noted that gold imports jumped 280 per cent to US $4.17 billion in October.

Iranian jets carry out fresh strikes in Iraq against Islamic State: US OfficialBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:06 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 2:20 pm
Iranian jets have carried out airstrikes against Islamic State militants in Iraq in recent days, Pentagon officials and independent analysts say, underscoring the strange alliances generated by the war against the extremist group that has beheaded Americans and killed and terrorized Iraqi civilians.
Washington and Tehran are locked in tough negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program. But the two adversaries have been fighting parallel campaigns on the same side in Iraq to defend the Shiite-dominated government — and the region’s Kurds — from IS militants who seized a large section of the country.
It has long been known that Iranian troops and advisers have been fighting alongside Iraqi forces, but until this week there had been no confirmation of Iranian air activity. The timing and nature of the strikes are not clear, but a senior U.S. official said they occurred in Diyala province, which extends from northeast Baghdad to the Iranian border. The official spoke only on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to disclose that information.
The Qatari-based broadcaster Al-Jazeera filmed a jet flying over Iraq on Nov. 30 that was identified by Jane’s Defence Weekly as an American-made F-4 Phantom. The Phantom, a twin-engine fighter bomber that was sold to Iran’s U.S.-backed shah in the 1970s, was last produced by McDonnell Aircraft Corp. in 1981.
Iran in the 1980s fought a brutal, ultimately stalemated war with Iraq when that country was led by Saddam Hussein and his Sunni-controlled Baath Party. But the U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam left an Iraqi government closely aligned with Iran. A majority of Iraqis are Shiite, as are most Iranians. The Islamic State group, which also controls parts of Syria, is led by Sunni extremists and has attracted many Sunnis who felt disenfranchised by Baghdad.
In public, U.S. officials have walked a careful line over the strikes, while Iranian officials have flatly denied them. Neither side has an interest in appearing to cooperate with the other. America’s Arab allies in the fight against the Islamic State, including Sunni-led Saudi Arabia and Qatar, would not want to be seen as fighting alongside Shiite Iran against a group of Sunni militants.
Rear Adm. John Kirby, the Pentagon’s chief spokesman, said Tuesday he had seen “nothing that would dispute” that Iran has carried out airstrikes in eastern Iraq. The U.S. was “not taking a position” on the strikes, he said.
Speaking in Brussels on Wednesday, Secretary of State John Kerry said that Iranian attacks on IS militants would represent a positive development.
“I think it’s self-evident that if Iran is taking on continued…

IIT  Madras campus placements: Ola Cabs runaway winner with 29 offers'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Campus placement season has picked up pace at Indian Institute of Technology, Madras (IIT, Madras) on Day 2 with as many as 78 offers being made by top global and Indian conglomerates.
While Boston Consulting Group had made the biggest moves on Day 1, on Day 2 it was Ola Cabs that left everyone trailing in its dust cloud by making as many as 29 offers.
The next best offer was made by GE India Technology with 10.
Other noteworthy movers on the day were Times Internet, which made as many as 7 offers and Snapdeal, which made 6 offers.
The pay packages have not been revealed as the institute does not welcome the publicity spotlight on the top drawers.
Here are some highlights: Day 1 & 2:
Total number of offers: 339 (241)
Total number of companies: 57 (49)
Total students placed: 301 (214)
Note: Last year’s figures are given in parentheses; this data does not include MBA students.
TAGS: IIT Madras Jobs Jobs And Education
More from industry
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

http://usat.ly/1rXbMa4FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Sprint deal: Half price for AT&T, Verizon defectors
Sprint is trying to entice AT&T and Verizon Wireless customers to defect by promising to slash their wireless bills in half.
Post to Facebook
Sprint deal: Half price for AT&T, Verizon defectors Sprint is trying to entice AT&T and Verizon Wireless customers to defect by promising to slash their wireless bills in half. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1ybYjxm
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
43
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Sprint deal: Half price for AT&T, Verizon defectors
Edward C. Baig , USA TODAY 8:11 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
A Sprint store is seen in Fort Lauderdale.
(Photo: Joe Raedle, Getty Images)
19478 CONNECT 153 TWEET 47 LINKEDIN 43 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — Sprint is trying to entice AT&T and Verizon Wireless customers to defect by promising to slash their wireless bills in half.
The beleaguered No. 3 U.S. wireless carrier has adopted an aggressive stance since CEO Marcelo Claure took the reins this summer. That aggression reaches new levels with the half-price deal that takes effect  Friday.
Under the plan, Sprint will provide unlimited talk and text to anywhere in the U.S. network, while matching the data allowance for half the price that AT&T and Verizon customers are currently paying.
As an added incentive, activation fees are waived, and Sprint will pay any early termination fees or installment billing obligations for switchers, up to $350 per line. Those people will be paid with  repaid Visa cards. The half-price deal goes for the life of the plan, but the promotion itself is temporary, with Sprint not specifying how long it will last.
Sprint says the half-off rate will be based on the monthly voice, text and data rate plan charge for all lines on the customer's Verizon or AT&T bill. So, a Verizon customer paying $140 per month for four lines of service to share can get four lines of service from Sprint for $70 per month. You will have to swap out your old phone for a new device.
The half-rate deal does not apply to current Sprint customers or to customers of T-Mobile, which has been a disruptive low-cost force in the industry.
Sprint says AT&T and Verizon combined have about 70% market share and traditionally the highest prices.
A rumored merger between Sprint and T-Mobile never got off the ground largely because of concerns that such a union would not meet regulatory approval.
19478 CONNECT 153 TWEET 47 LINKEDIN 43 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ybYjxm
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Indias coal concernsIndia’s coal concerns
We have no option but to ensure that non-fossil energy sources expand aggressively in the years ahead
Clean coal is a contradiction in terms but we must certainly strive relentlessly for cleaner coal. Photo: Getty Images
Coal is India’s main energy source but we have to be very careful.
After the historic Sino-US accord on climate change signed in Beijing between US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping 12 days ago, China has unveiled further details on what it plans to do in regard to coal consumption, the primary source of carbon dioxide emissions that cause global warming. The accord commits China to peak its carbon dioxide emissions around 2030 or so. Now it appears that China will cap its coal use at about 4 billion tonnes by 2020 itself. Currently, its coal consumption is in the region of 3.5 billion tonnes. In addition, the energy mix envisages no more than 60-62% of electricity generation from coal by 2020, down from the present level of approximately two-thirds.
What does this mean for India? India has the world’s third or fourth largest reserves of coal, although the quality is poor with high ash content which makes for lower energy value. Our energy policy has always been anchored in coal, but that was at a time when environmental and climate change concerns were not in sharp public focus. Today, India consumes about one-seventh the amount of coal that China does and if current plans are anything to go by, this could well reach one-third of China’s current consumption by the end of this decade and, perhaps, between two-fifths to a half by 2030. Thus, the world will be carefully watching India’s coal use. Today, about 65% of our electricity supply comes from coal and most optimistically this can reduce to around 56% by 2030. The reduction in the share of coal depends, of course, on whether we are able to accelerate the contribution of hydel, nuclear, solar and wind to electricity generation beyond the present level collectively of slightly over 25%.
Actually, we have no option but to ensure that non-fossil energy sources expand aggressively in the years ahead.
More coal-based power generating capacity is what might be called a double whammy. Coal-based power plants emit carbon dioxide, which is the most preponderant greenhouse gas. In the Indian context, because of high ash content, the combustion of 1 tonne of coal will result in an emission of around 1.5 tonnes of carbon dioxide. More than this, much of the new coal reserves and mines are in rich forest areas in states like Jharkhand, Odisha and Chhattisgarh. An analysis of nine major coalfields in the country that had been carried out in 2010 revealed that anywhere between 30% and 45% of the coal blocks fall in what might be termed “no-go” areas, that is areas with a high forest cover. Their extraction will lead to considerable deforestation and, thereby, to a loss of a valuable carbon sink. It is well known that forests absorb carbon dioxide and deforestation leads to global warming. And compensatory forestation through plantations can never compensate for the loss of natural forests with their rich biodiversity.
Clean coal is a contradiction in terms but we must certainly strive relentlessly for cleaner coal. One of the far-reaching decisions taken in 2008 was for India to invest heavily in supercritical technology which leads to a reduction of emissions of at least 5% over conventional power plants. Supercritical plants operate at much higher temperatures and pressures. After 2017, that is the end of the Twelfth Five Year Plan, all new coal-based power plants were to be based on supercritical technology, a decision that will undoubtedly be endorsed by the present ruling dispensation as well.
What else can be done? Carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) as it is usually called has been talked about and recently Canada announced the launch of the world’s first commercial scale CCS power plant with a generating capacity of 110 megawatts (MW). Theoretically, carbon dioxide from the flue gases can be captured and used in this manner or combined with ammonia to manufacture urea. But what appears attractive on paper may not be feasible in practice and, truth be told, CCS is still a far way off. IGCC is another technology that might hold promise. IGCC stands for integrated gasification combined cycle where the efficiency can go up to 45% and more. Since coal is converted into gas, emissions and pollutants are significantly reduced. The foundation stone for India’s first IGCC facility was laid in Vijayawada six years ago to be put up by Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd ( Bhel ) but sadly, that facility has made no progress whatsoever—yet another example of how India doesn’t lag in knowledge but fails in translating that knowledge into commercial technologies in time. IGCC is an area crying out for bold moves.
There are other concerns inherent in the greater use of coal. Indian companies (including giant public sector enterprises themselves) have demonstrated great insensitivity to concerns of local communities in coal mining areas. Their track record in matters relating to land acquisition, resettlement and rehabilitation (R&R) and restoration of mined areas inspires no confidence, and that is why they face public agitations and protests. Apart from this, new pollution concerns have arisen. India is already the world’s second largest emitter of sulphur dioxide (and nitrogen oxides) for which there are no concentration standards as yet. Sulphur dioxide emissions have a deleterious health effect in regions beyond the vicinity of power plants since they stay long in the atmosphere and get transported long distances. In power generating clusters like Singrauli, emissions of mercury have also started adversely impacting the health of the local population. Unfortunately, this is another instance where concentration standards are absent.
India needs to expand its electricity generation capacity, and coal will continue to be the sheet-anchor at least for the next decade-and-a-half. But business as usual in coal mining and utilization will spell disaster for us both domestically and globally. The sooner we recognize this reality the better.
The author is a Rajya Sabha MP and a former Union minister.

InflexionPoint launches dual SIM Obi Alligator  Hornbill smartphones  prices start Rs 6 450'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Obi Mobiles, backed by ex-Apple CEO John Sculley’s InflexionPoint, launched two new smartphones in the Indian market, priced Rs 6,450 onwards – he earned fame after famously firing Steve Jobs from Apple Inc.
The dual SIM Obi Alligator, priced at Rs 6,450, supports 18 regional languages and comes with wake gesture.
The Obi Hornbill, available for Rs 9,250, comes with 5.5-inch display, 1.3GHz quadcore processor, Android KitKat operating system, 1GB RAM, 8GB memory, 13 MP rear and 5 MP front camera and 2,200 mAH battery.
TAGS: John Sculley Obi Mobiles
More from industry
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Modi wants to give coal sector in corporate hands: Digvijay SinghPress Trust of India | Dec 04, 2014 at 02:23pm IST
Ranchi: Senior Congress leader Digvijay Singh on Thursday said the Centre's move to privatise the coal sector would bring back the "bitter memories" of "exploitation" of labour force before it was nationalised by former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
"Modi says 'Make in India', but wants to hand over the coal sector in the hands of the corporate," the former Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister said.
"To stop exploitation of lakhs of labourers by the private sector, Indiraji nationalised the coal industry, benefiting the poor and the tribals. Now the Centre's effort to privatise it would again lead to the same exploitation," Singh said.
Singh said the Modi government was out to "change" and amend a series of Acts that the previous government enacted.
Stating that the previous Manmohan Singh regime's coal policy had been to benefit the end users, Singh claimed that handing over the sector to corporates would be burdensome to consumers as well.
"Jharkhand is a coal-rich state and Congress wants the people of the state to use it for their development," the Congress leader said.
Singh said the Modi government was out to "change" and amend a series of Acts that the previous government enacted.
"In its 10 years of rule, the UPA government had given the people RTI, Food Security Act, Right to Education, land Act and  MGNREGA, which the Modi government wants to change," he said.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Shiv Sena to join BJP govt in Maharashtra as political drama endsShiv Sena to join BJP govt in Maharashtra as political drama ends
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 12:47 AM IST
The Shiv Sena on Thursday announced it was joining the Maharashtra government led by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). The two, that broke their 25-year alliance ahead of the legislative Assembly elections on seat differences, have arrived at a consensus on their shares in the new government.
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis is set to expand his nine-member ministry on Friday. Ten legislators from the BJP and the Sena each will be inducted. The Sena has been assured of five Cabinet posts and seven ministers of state. Sena leaders Subhash Desai, who lost to a BJP candidate in the Goregaon seat; Diwakar Raote; Ramdas Kadam; Eknath Shinde; Rainvdra Waikar; Vijay Auti; Dada Bhuse; and Sanjay Rathod are expected to join.
With the Sena set to join the government, the coming winter session of the legislature is going to be without the leader of opposition.
Shinde was named the opposition leader after the government had won the trust vote.
The Sena had demanded a deputy chief minister’s post and the home portfolio. This was not acceptable to the BJP. Sena insiders said chief Uddhav Thackeray was worried the party may split if it had failed to join the government. According to them, a large number of legislators did not want to sit in the opposition for five more years. New legislators were pressing for a reunion.
Addressing a press conference, Fadnavis, accompanied by Sena leaders, said both parties had decided to come together to respect the mandate, which favoured a non-Congress-Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) government. The NCP had offered to support the BJP-led government in case of a crisis.
Talks were on to induct members of the BJP allies, Rashtriya Samaj Party, Swabimani Shetkari Sanghatana and Republican Party. It was expected to be finalised by Thursday night.
Fadnavis said the alliance would extend to the coming elections to the civic and local bodies. This paves the way to a new poll partnership in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation elections in 2017. This apart, both the parties will together fight elections to several other municipal corporation and zilla parishads beginning March 2015. A coordination committee will be formed.
The patch-up seems to have been made possible due to the BJP's uneasiness in accepting support from the NCP that has 41 legislators. The NCP had stayed away from the confidence motion, passed through voice vote. More, chief Sharad Pawar's recent statements the BJP should not take the NCP's support for granted had pushed the ruling party to ensure a settlement with the Sena.
Chief Minister Fadnavis took the initiative and convinced the central leadership to take the Sena aboard. After getting a go-ahead, the BJP authorised Union Minister for Petroleum and Natural Gas Dharmendra Pradhan and Maharashtra minister Chandrakant Patil to negotiate with Thackeray.
But it was not smooth even after the green signal from the central leadership. The Sena was insisting on at least five Cabinet ranks and seven junior ministers and to be sworn in at one go. But the BJP was ready to induct only seven. The deliberations continued and it was finally decided that 10 Sena legislators would be inducted on Friday.
The Sena has 63 legislators in the Assembly; the BJP has 121, supported by one member of the Rashtriya Samaj Party. The BJP has also said it has already received support from 18 legislators belonging to smaller parties and some are independents.
Despite the conflict, the Sena did not end its alliance with the BJP at the Centre. Sena's lone minister Anant Geete did not resign. Despite its decision to join the state government, the Sena has stuck to its demand for one more cabinet post and one more of minister of state at the Centre.
The induction of Sena legislators will give the government a clear majority of 184 in the 288-member state Assembly.
Meanwhile, NCP declared that it will now play the role of a ''constructive opposition”.

Govt mulling independent regulator for direct selling industryGovt mulling independent regulator for direct selling industry
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 12:45 AM IST
An internal committee of the consumer affairs ministry is set to meet on Monday to deliberate on the requirement of an independent regulator for the direct selling sector, Ram Vilas Paswan, Union minister of consumer affairs, food and public distribution, said on Thursday.
“We have taken note of what the industry has been asking for long, and the internal committee, which is working on this, will have its first meeting on December 8. We’ll look into this and take a call, after consultation and inputs from all stakeholders of the industry. We have already received some valuable suggestions. We feel it is important to distinguish between the genuine and fraudulent players, and any regulation that is proposed should keep in mind the interest of consumers as the first priority,” Paswan said at a programme organised by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry and consulting firm KPMG.
Direct selling is globally popular, but it requires more transparency in some areas, Paswan said, adding: “Consumers should not be cheated.”
Meanwhile, the government has been reportedly planning to include direct selling and teleshopping into the ambit of the  Consumer Protection Act. The proposed amendments are expected to be placed before the Cabinet soon.
Also, the government is in the process of amending the Price Chits and Money Circulation Scheme (Banning) Act. The proposal came following a few incidents, including Amway India Chief Executive William Scott Pinckney being arrested for a second time under the Act in Andhra Pradesh earlier this year. He was later released on bail but the incident exposed loopholes in the law.
The amendment in the Act may also include facilitating mediation and arbitration between parties to bring down the load of cases in consumer courts. The structure may also involve empowering panchayats, gram sabhas or such similar institutions to mediate and arbitrate between parties or designating and appointing such persons.
KPMG and FICCI, in a report on direct selling industry, noted that there was a need to bring regulatory certainty for the industry, which is mistakenly coupled with fraudulent money circulation schemes because of a lack of clarity in existing legislations. Besides pointing out the need for a clear definition of direct sellers, the report has also suggested a roadmap for mitigating the regulatory challenge for the industry by recommending an immediate amendment in the governing legislation. Categorisation as ‘wholesale cash and carry trade’ to smoothen inflow of foreign direct investments, and an independent legislation and nodal ministry for the industry thereafter, added the KPMG-FICCI report.
According to the KPMG-FICCI estimates, the direct selling industry in India with the right policy stimulus, this industry might well reach its potential of INR 64,500 crore from about Rs 7,200 crore at present, a nine-fold increase by 2025. The industry has the potential to provide self-employment to 18 million while about 60 per cent of this would be women, it added. Globally, the direct selling industry is estimated at over 100 countries with a market size of $167 billion.

Indian sage conducted nuke test ages ago: BJP MPA sage in India conducted a nuclear test centuries ago, Uttarakhand's former chief minister Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank has said in Parliament, adding a fresh chapter to a narrative that draws upon faith system.
File photo of Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank. (AFP Photo)
Officially, the world acknowledges India has conducted two sets of nuclear tests - 1974 and 1998. What's more, India spent a long time in nuclear wilderness on account of these tests.
Going by Nishank, the world need not have bothered.
"Today we are talking about nuclear tests. Lakhs of years ago, Sage Kanad had conducted a nuclear test. Our knowledge and science do not lack anything," the Indian Express quoted him as saying in Parliament on Wednesday.
Sage Kanad is believed to have lived around the 2nd century BC.
Nishank, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP from Haridwar, also seconded Prime Minister Narendra Modi's citing of plastic surgery and genetic science with reference to Lord Ganesha getting an elephant trunk and birth of Karna.
"People are raising questions on Modiji's comments on Ganesha's surgery. It was actually a surgery. The science available to us is not available elsewhere in the world… science or knowledge to transplant a severed head existed only in India."
Nishank also batted for astrology, saying it is the topmost science in the world. He said our ancient astrologers dwarfed all other sciences.
The Haridwar MP's comments triggered a protest from Left members even as he said there should be a "proper discussion on it and it should get the respect it deserves".
Nishank's comments are in line with a series of assertions doing the rounds of late; the most notable being from retired school headmaster Dinanath Batra who got American academic Wendy Doniger's book on Hinduism pulped on the grounds that it insulted Hindus.
Batra has written books as well. Earlier this year, the Gujarat government mandated some of them as supplementary reading for its primary and secondary students.
From preaching about ancient India's gurukul style of learning, redrawing the Indian map to include other countries to interpreting history through stories about rishi-munis (sages and seers), dev-daanav (deities and demons) and "heroes" of pre-Independence India, these books try to conform to "Bharatiya sanskriti" (Indian culture).

Mulayam to unite five parties for Janata parivarComments
Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav will oversee the merger of six socialism-inclined Janata Parivar splinter groups to consolidate secular and opposition forces against the BJP’s growing clout.
As expected, Mulayam was chosen to pave the way since his party has the biggest presence in Parliament with five MPs in the Lok Sabha.
Leaders of the SP, the Janata Dal (Secular), the Rashtriya Janata Dal, the Janata Dal (United), the Indian National Lok Dal and the Samajwadi Janata Party (Rashtriya) authorised Mulayam at a meeting at his residence on Thursday to prepare the draft for the proposed reunion.
JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar said they felt there should be one party because they subscribe to and follow the same philosophy and principles.
More than love for one another, it is the fear of rapidly diminishing political relevance and the rise of the BJP under Prime Minister Narendra Modi that is driving the reunification process, sources said.
But Kumar, the former Bihar chief minister, contested the fear factor that has apparently compelled them to reunite after decades. He said the aim was to form a platform in the current political atmosphere.
He said the six parties would like to work in tandem with entities like the Left Front, which would be approached. He did not, however, elaborate.
The season of reunification began in August when Lalu Prasad and Kumar — irreparable foes for 20 years — rushed into each other’s arms to fight a common and pressing enemy that has been bearing down on traditional bastions of regional leaders since its overwhelming victory in the Lok Sabha elections this summer.

Ranbaxy says Europe bars imports from antibiotic injectables unit'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
The European Union has banned imports from a Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd factory unit that makes injectable antibotics after the unit failed an inspection, the latest in a series of quality-related setbacks for the Indian drugmaker.
European authorities inspected all units at Ranbaxy’s Dewas plant, in central India, in June and did not approve the manufacturing practices at the unit that makes injectable cephalosporin antibiotics, Ranbaxy said in a stock market filing on Thursday.
All other units of the facility were approved, it said, adding the company had decided to stop producing cephalosporin injectables at Dewas before the inspection occurred.
“We wish to state that Ranbaxy’s decision to discontinue manufacture of cephalosporin injectables would not have a significant impact on the business,” Ranbaxy said.
All of Ranbaxy India-based factories, including Dewas, are already barred from exporting to the United States after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said its inspections found manufacturing quality lapses.
The latest EU ban on the Dewas plant was enforced after German regulators also found quality lapses during an inspection of the site.  The European Medicines Agency, in its statement dated Nov. 26, did not specify, however, if the ban was on the oral or injectable cephalosporin antibiotics units.
An EMA spokeswoman said the German regulator’s “non-compliance” report meant that “certain aseptically prepared sterile products” made at the Dewas unit could not be imported into the European Union.
Ranbaxy, which is in the process of being acquired by larger rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, has previously said it was working on resolving problems at its plants to get the regulatory bans lifted.
The company gets more than half of its revenue from the United States. Western Europe accounted for about 8 percent of its global sales in the 15-months period ended March 2014, according to company filings.
Shares in Ranbaxy were trading down 0.5 percent at 0825 GMT on Thursday, after having fallen as much as 1.3 percent earlier in the day. The main Mumbai market index was up 0.03 percent.
TAGS: Ranbaxy
More from companies
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

295 infra projects delayed; cost overrun at over Rs 1 lakh croreYou are here: Home > Collections
295 infra projects delayed; cost overrun at over Rs 1 lakh crore
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 04.39PM IST
Tags:
Cost overrun
(Out of 295 delayed projects,…)
NEW DELHI: As many as 295 infrastructure sector projects worth Rs 150 crore or more are delayed with total cost overrun of Rs 1,01,436 crore, Parliament was informed today.
"As per the 346 Flash Report of August 2014 released by the Ministry of Statistics , out of 720 central sector infrastructure sector projects costing Rs 150 crore and above, 295 projects were delayed," Planning Minister Rao Inderjit Singh said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.
"The original cost of the 295 delayed projects is Rs 5,48,838 crore and anticipated cost is Rs 6,50,274 crore, thus leading to a total cost overrun of Rs 1,01,436 crore," he said.
Out of 295 delayed projects, 62 projects have overall delay in the range of 1-12 months, 66 projects have delay in the range of 13-24 months, 98 projects have delay in the range of 25-60 months and 69 projects have delay of 61 months and above, he added.
The road sector accounted for the maximum number of 92 delayed projects with total cost overrun of Rs 1,975 crore. As many as 32 projects in the Railways sector were delayed leading to the maximum cumulative cost overrun of Rs 46,766 crore.
As many as 43 projects are delayed in the petroleum sector with total cost overrun of Rs 16,320 crore. Similarly, 64 projects are delayed in the power sector with total cost overrun of 12,874 crore. There are 34 projects in the coal sector which are not running as per their schedule with total cost overrun of Rs 10,242 crore.
In atomic energy sector, four projects have got delayed with total cost overrun of Rs 6,284 crore. The number of such projects in steel sector is 16 with total cost overrun of Rs 5,954 crore.
Meanwhile in another reply, the minister informed that during the current fiscal till October, 1,984 km (31 per cent of target) of roads were constructed against the target of 6,300 km for 2014-15.
Government had set a target to award contracts for constructing of 8,500 km of roads. It awarded contracts for 3,419 km ( 40 per cent of target) till October this fiscal. The total toll collection was Rs 3,584 crore (55 per cent of target) till October this fiscal.
In railways, the government has set a target of laying 300 km of new rail lines during the fiscal. However, it has constructed 41 km till October this fiscal.
The government has set a target of doubling 710 km this fiscal but it has achieved 237 km till October. Similarly it has completed rail electrification of 371 km against the target of 1,350. The gauge conversion of 68 km has been done against the target of 450 km.
As much as 9,578.4 MW of power generation capacity was added this fiscal till October against the planned capacity of 17,830.30 MW for whole year, the minister said.
Government has set a target to set up 20,882 circuit km (ckm) power transmission line in 2014-15. It has completed the work on 11,715 ckm. Power generation till October this fiscal was 621 billion units against the targetted 1,023 billion units in 2014-15.
In renewable energy segment, the government has added a capacity of 1,439.11 MW till October against the target of 3,770 MW this fiscal.
The government aims to set up 500 telecom towers in left-wing extremist-affected districts. The contract for the project was awarded in September this year.
The minister said that the government has taken steps to expedite implementation of projects in infrastructure sectors which includes attempts by Environment Ministry to streamline procedures for according clearances.
Environment Ministry brought out amendments which mandates seeking of clearance in case of certain projects like new national highways, state highways and expressways.
Government has also set up a Group of Infrastructure (GoI) under the chairmanship of Road Minister for coordination in the line ministries and to resolve inter-ministerial issues, the minister said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GSAT-16 in normal health  to be launched tom...Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: The country's communication satellite GSAT-16 is in normal health as it is set to be placed in orbit by Arianespace's launcher from Kourou , French Guiana , in the wee hours tomorrow.
"Ariane 5 VA221 launcher carrying GSAT-16 has been rolled out from assembly building to launchpad. GSAT-16 satellite health is normal," Indian Space Research Organisation said on its Facebook page.
The launch is scheduled in the early hours of Friday at 02:08 am (IST).
GSAT-16, with lift-off mass of 3,181.6 kg is configured to carry a total of 48 communication transponders , the largest number of transponders carried by a communication satellite developed by ISRO so far.
The satellite will boost public and private TV and radio services, large-scale Internet and telephone operations, as it improves the national space capacity with 48 transponders.
Hit by capacity crunch, ISRO has leased 95 transponders on foreign satellites mainly for the use of private television broadcasters.
In the dual satellite launch, GSAT-16's co-passenger on-board Ariane 5 launch vehicle would be DIRECTV-14, which was built by SSL (Space Systems/Loral) for operator DIRECTV to provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the US.
Arianespace on its website said, "Ariane 5 is now at the ELA-3 launch complex for its December 4 (December 5 in India) mission in service of two long-standing Arianespace customers: DIRECTV and the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO)."
It said GSAT-16 which is installed in the vehicle's lower position will be the 18th satellite launched by Arianespace for ISRO and is to be separated at just over 32 minutes after liftoff to complete Ariane 5's mission.
The designated on orbit operational life of GSAT-16 is 12 years.
After GSAT-16's injection into Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO), ISRO's Master Control Facility (MCF) at Hassan will take control of the satellite and perform the initial orbit raising manoeuvres finally placing it in the vicinity of circular Geostationary Orbit.
After this, the deployment of appendages such as the solar panels, antennas and three axis stabilisation of the satellite will be performed and co-located with GSAT-8, IRNSS-1A and IRNSS-1B satellites.
GSAT-16 will replace INSAT-3E, which was decommissioned a little prematurely in April.

Govt planning regulator for direct-selling s...Conumesr Affairs
("I think the demand for regulator…)
NEW DELHI: Government is considering a regulator for the direct selling sector to safeguard interests of consumers by distinguishing between genuine and fraudulent players, Conumesr Affairs Minister Ram Vilas Paswan said today.
An inter-ministerial committee has been formed comprising secretaries and is going to convene its first meeting on December 8 to look into this aspect, Paswan said at 'DIRECT 2014', a seminar organised by industry body Ficci on direct selling.
"We have recently formed an inter-ministerial committee to deliberate on the need and framework of regulations for the Direct Selling industry. Its first meeting will be held on December 8, whether here is need for separate regulator for the direct selling sector," Paswan said.
"I think the demand for regulator for direct selling sector is quite relevant and legitimate. We are considering it," he added.
Direct selling refers to offering goods and services to consumers outside of the fixed retail outlet channels through sellers who carry out business activities generally from their homes, workplaces and so on.
However, the minister cautioned: "There are dangers in the methods of direct selling, some companies are forming pyramid structure in the name of direct selling. Many such cases have come in light, where the consumers were cheated by the companies in the name of direct selling. They vanished overnight by collecting their money."
Speaking at the conference, Consumer Affairs Secretary Keshav Desiraju said that proposed changes to the Consumer Protection Act will strengthen consumer welfare.
"With internal trade falling under the Ministry of Consumer Affairs as per the allocation of business the Ministry seeks to play an important role in regulating activities which impact on consumers," Desiraju added.
Paswan also released the Ficci-KPMG report on direct selling industry in India and said that India has emerged as one of the biggest consumer markets in the world. In next one decade the demand of consumer goods in the country will increase by four times.
According to the report, in India the direct selling is estimated to be worth around Rs 7,200 crores and it has the potential to reach a size of Rs 64,500 crores by 2025.
The sector has the potential to engage over 10 million women as direct sellers by 2025, it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi regains top slot in  Time Person of the...You are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi regains top position in 'Time Person of the Year' poll
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 04.04PM IST
Tags:
Ferguson protesters
(Modi, according to latest…)
WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has regained his top position in the 'Time Person of the Year' poll after the Ferguson protesters surged ahead of him for a brief period.
Modi, according to latest results, has 12.8 per cent of the total votes polled and is followed by Ferguson protesters with 10.1 per cent. Joshua Wong, face of the Hong Kong pro-democracy movement, is placed third with 7.5 per cent, while Pakistan's teen rights activist Malala Yousafzai is fourth with 5.2 per cent.
"Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has retaken the lead in TIME's Person of the Year poll, surpassing the protesters for Ferguson...with just four days left to vote," the weekly news magazine said on Tuesday when Modi had 10.8 per cent of the votes against 10.2 per cent of the Ferguson protesters who took to street after the fatal shooting of a black teen.
Modi strengthened his lead yesterday. Russian President Vladimir Putin with 4.1 per cent has been pushed to sixth place by Ebola doctors and nurses, which are now on the fifth spot with 4.5 per cent. US President Barack Obama is placed at a distant 11th position with just 2.3 per cent of the total votes.
The annual poll is scheduled to end on December 6 and the poll's winner will be announced on December 8. The TIME's editors will choose the Person of the Year and would announce on December 10.
Since 1927, TIME has named a person who, according to it, has most influenced the news and lives in that year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government Sets Floor Price for SAIL Share Sale at Rs 83: ReportSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: The government has set the floor price for the sale of a 5 per cent stake in Steel Authority of India (SAIL) at Rs 83 per share, through which it hopes to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore, an official said on Thursday.
The government will give a discount of 5 per cent to retail investors in the offering, a senior finance ministry official said, adding the government expected to raise Rs 1,500-Rs 1,700 crore from the sale. The official declined to be named as the information is not yet public.
The SAIL offering on Friday will kick off the Narendra Modi-led government's ambitious disinvestment programme, under which it aims to plug the budget deficit by raising about $9.5 billion through stake sales by March 2015.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

ECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture DarkensYou are here: Home Global Economy
ECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
Reuters | Updated On: December 04, 2014 17:10 (IST)
Fed Faces Big Decision Over a Few Choice Words
Frankfurt: The European Central Bank will make plain the euro zone's economic malaise after it meets on Thursday, with a rare public call from Washington adding to pressure for action to stop the bloc going into reverse.
With recovery stalled across many of the 18 countries that share the euro, ECB President Mario Draghi will present fresh growth and inflation forecasts from bank staff at his post-meeting news conference at 1330 GMT. Both measures are likely to be downgraded further.
Mounting concerns about the euro zone economy were underlined by the US Federal Reserve's influential vice chair, Stanley Fischer, who broke with etiquette to say that money-printing would help Europe as it had the United States.
"If the ECB moves in that direction, it will have positive effects," Fischer, who was Draghi's academic mentor at university, told a newspaper in Italy.
But Draghi faces considerable political obstacles to taking this step, chiefly from a reluctant Germany. Last week, Sabine Lautenschlaeger, Germany's appointment to the ECB's Executive Board, said that now was not the time for state bond buying.
So while the ECB could extend a scheme to buy secured debt to include corporate bonds, it is unlikely he will announce any money printing to buy government bonds.
Economists, roughly half of whom expect the bank to start buying government bonds -- a step that should buoy the economy when banks exchange bonds for ECB cash -- have pencilled this in for the first three months of next year.
ECB Vice-President Vitor Constancio has said the bank will be better able to gauge then whether it needs to buy such debt.
Divisions
Other major central banks including the Fed, Bank of Japan and Bank of England, have already used quantitative easing to stimulate their economies. But divisions between debt-shy euro zone countries such as Germany and southern states including Greece make such a step more difficult for the ECB.
Germany, the bloc's biggest economy by far and its most influential, fears it would encourage reckless borrowing.
"The euro zone needs growth and jobs to ensure that it survives," said Lena Komileva of consultancy G+ Economics, warning of the obstacles to so-called quantitative easing.
"Germany's strong opposition ... raises questions about its ability to act fast enough."
Draghi will address the press for the first time in the ECB's new 1.3 billion euro headquarters in a Frankfurt skyscraper.
But the bloc is in a delicate situation. Euro zone inflation, a key yardstick of the economy's health and viewed by investors as a trigger for the ECB to buy government bonds, slowed to just 0.3 per cent last month.
If prices were to start to falling, as they already have in some countries, that could discourage consumers from shopping while they wait for goods to get cheaper, creating a vicious circle that pulls down the economy.
A conflict in Ukraine, which has frozen much of EU-Russian commerce, a slowdown in momentum in China and war in Syria add to the gloom, as does the tumbling price of oil.
The ECB has already cut borrowing costs to record lows, given cheap loans to banks and started buying repackaged loans to kick-start lending.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Subscribe to Monte Carlo IPO  advises ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Subscribe to Monte Carlo IPO, advises ICICIdirect
Monte Carlo Fashions: Given lack of branded apparel in woollen segment and possibility of a shift from unorganised to organised in apparel segment, we envisage earnings CAGR of 18% in FY14-17E, making valuations attractive for MCFL. Hence, we recommend SUBSCRIBE to the IPO, says ICICIdirect.com.
Post your opinion here
 
Monte Carlo Fashions: IPO review by ICICIdirect.com
Monte Carlo Fashion (MCFL) was launched in 1984 as an exclusive woollen brand by Oswal Woollen Mills Ltd (OWML). The "Monte Carlo" brand has been awarded "Superbrand" in the woollen knitted apparel segment since 2004. The domestic winter wear market of nearly $2.3 billion is growing at 9% CAGR. Going ahead, the segment is expected to grow at 7% and 12% in terms of volume and value, respectively, over 2012-17. MCFL being a leading player in the largely unorganised Indian winter wear segment is well poised to capture the growth. Revenues grew at a CAGR of ~16% in FY12-14 whereas earnings grew at 6% CAGR over the same period. Buoyed by a diversified product range along with strong in-house design & raw material sourcing, we expect MCFL to register revenue, PAT CAGR of 16%, 18%, respectively, in FY14-17.
Investment rationale
Strong brand, diversified product portfolio create competitive advantage
"Monte Carlo", since its inception, has created a strong brand recognition for itself in the northern and eastern part of the country, which forms nearly 85% of the winter wear market. "Monte Carlo", being the flagship brand of the company, has a diverse product portfolio in the high and mid-premium woollen apparel segment. The company extends the brand to the cotton apparel segment as well, thereby leading to an increase in the product offering. The company has a presence in men’s, women’s and kids apparel. Going ahead, cotton garments along with fabric and home furnishing segment are expected show significant scope of growth.
In-house sourcing, asset light model provide comfort
MCFL sources ~95% of its woollen yarn from its sister concern OWML, thereby eliminating the risk of supply/price shock for the company. Further, for its cotton garment segment, MCFL follows an asset light model, whereby it sources the fabric from outsourced players. Further, with 196 EBOs and more than 1300 MBOs MCFL plans to provide nationwide distribution & coverage for both woollen and cotton apparel.
Nascent branded apparel segment offers ample scope for growth
At the IPO price band of Rs 630-645, MCFL trades at 25x FY14 EPS of Rs 25.4. However, given lack of branded apparel in woollen segment and possibility of a shift from unorganised to organised in apparel segment, we envisage earnings CAGR of 18% in FY14-17E, making valuations attractive for MCFL. Hence, we recommend SUBSCRIBE to the IPO.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Delays for Metro riders on the Red LineComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

iStreet Network: Outcome of board meeting - Allotment of Equity Shares and WarrantsDec 04, 2014, 05.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
iStreet Network: Outcome of board meeting - Allotment of Equity Shares and Warrants
iStreet Network has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 04, 2014, has allotted following securities on preferential basis: 1. 150,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 4 each at a price of Rs. 20 per share to Non-Promoters.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
iStreet Network: Outcome of board meeting - Allotment of Equity Shares and Warrants
iStreet Network has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 04, 2014, has allotted following securities on preferential basis: 1. 150,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 4 each at a price of Rs. 20 per share to Non-Promoters.
Post your opinion here
 
iStreet Network Ltd  has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 04, 2014, has allotted following securities on preferential basis:1. 150,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 4 each at a price of Rs. 20 per share to Non-Promoters.2. 10,75,000 Equity Warrants (out of which 3,10,000 warrants to Promoters and balance to Non-Promoters) of Rs. 4 each at a price of Rs. 20 per warrants convertible into equal number of equity shares.Source : BSE

IIT Madras joins Asia-Oceania Top University League on EngineeringIIT Madras joins Asia-Oceania Top University League on Engineering
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 4:  
IIT Madras was recently admitted as one of the partners of the AOTULE Consortium (Asia-Oceania Top University League on Engineering), which will be opening up many opportunities for the faculty and students of IIT Madras to collaborate with their counterparts in the consortium of eleven premiere engineering universities in Asia-Oceania region, says a press release from the institution.
IIT Madras was invited to attend the 9th AOTULE Meeting and Conference at the University of Melbourne, Australia, in November 2014 as an observer, and was unanimously offered Membership in the Consortium. IIT Madras was represented at the AOTULE meeting by Prof. Sudarsan Padmanabhan, Advisor, Foreign Students, IIT Madras and Ms. Kavitha, Manager, Office of International Relations, IIT Madras.
At the 2-day Event, Deans of Member Institutions made brief presentations, generating discussion on issues such as student/ faculty mobility and engineering curriculum compatibility. Parallel sessions were organised for the students from the member institutions to present their research work. A primary emphasis in this meeting was to formulate a collective response to the “avalanche of change”, perceived and real, in higher education.
The AOTULE Consortium promotes inter-institutional co-operation through joint programmes including an annual Dean’s meeting, a student workshop and exchange of students and staff, in order to improve the quality of engineering education and research of the members.
It aims to broaden participating students’ perspectives through cross-cultural interactions. Consortium membership includes highly-ranked universities such as University of Melbourne, Tsinghua University (China), Hong Kong University of Science & Technology, Nanyang Technical University (Singapore), KAIST (Korea) and Tokyo Institute of Technology.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

India to press G20 for deadline to cut remittance costsIndia to press G20 for deadline to cut remittance costs
Reuters
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Dec 4:  
India will press the Group of 20 economies to set a two-year deadline to reduce the cost of international money transfers, two government sources said, potentially saving more than $20 billion for developing countries.
The world's largest recipient of remittances - of about $70 billion a year - won the backing of G20 leaders last month in Brisbane to take "strong practical measures" to cut the average cost of sending money home to 5 per cent.
Despite that pledge, big banks are pulling out of handling remittances over rising compliance costs. In one case, 20 remittance firms sued Australia's Westpac Banking Corp to stop it quitting the business.
"We will demand a deadline of two years at the next G20 meeting," one of the sources, with direct knowledge of the matter, told Reuters.
The official is part of an Indian delegation that plans to attend a meeting of G20 deputy central bank governors in Istanbul on Dec. 11-12. Turkey has just taken over the annual presidency of the G20, an intergovernmental forum.
In 2011, G20 members agreed to bring down the global average cost of remittances to 5 per cent by 2014, but that deadline has been missed.
The cost of remittances from G20 countries has fallen to 8.3 per cent from 9.1 per cent in 2011, the World Bank estimates. That has saved nearly $30 billion for migrant families since 2010, it said in a report to the G20.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who attended last month's G20 summit, is pushing for Indians to save about $3 billion a year, partly helping bridge its current account deficit, the official said.
"The money belongs to poor families of developing countries and cannot be taken away in the name of transaction fees," said another official.
Several Indian banks have brought down costs by up to 30 per cent by offering services that allow Indian migrants in the United States and Britain to send money directly from their bank account or credit card to recipients in India.
Saudi Arabia has reduced remittance costs to near 3 per cent, and India is hopeful that other G20 countries would agree to set a deadline to reduce the costs.
The government estimates that about 22 million Indians live abroad, with large communities in the Middle East, the United States and Britain.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

SAIL stake sale: Floor price fixed at Rs 83/shareWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Consumer indicator falls to lowest since Oct 2013: SurveyConsumer indicator falls to lowest since Oct 2013: Survey
K. R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec. 4:  
Consumer sentiment eased for the third consecutive month in November as respondents sharply revised down their short-term outlook for business conditions, findings of a survey by MNI Indicators showed.
MNI Indicators is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Deutsche Borse AG, one of the largest worldwide exchange organisations.
MNI India Consumer Sentiment Survey is monthly survey of consumer confidence across India.
In this survey, about 1,000 consumers across various cities are asked every month questions about spending, sentiment for buying house, stock investments and also their business expectations.
The MNI India Consumer Indicator fell by 2.8 points to 120.9 in November from 123.7 in October, the lowest in 13 months.
The recent weakness in the survey shows that the Modi government's policies have yet to have any concrete impact on Indian households' overall confidence.
Consumer Sentiment, which had picked up in the run up to the general elections earlier in the year, has failed to maintain the momentum, MNI Indicators has said.
The decline in consumer sentiment was led by a sharp fall in expectations of business conditions in a year's time.
Also, consumers were less confident about spending on big ticket items following the conclusion of the festival season.
This was in spite of consumers being more satisfied with the current level of prices, with a greater proportion expecting prices to fall in the next 12 months.
Even though consumers were more confident buying this festival season, it wasn't as if that it had changed a lot from last year when economic conditions were much worse.
Consumer sentiment hasn't shown a massive kick this festival season from last year's season, Shaily Mittal, Economist, MNI Indicators told Business Line.
"Consumer sentiment has increased from last year. But if you see in the last six months of the new Government that has come up, consumer sentiment has remained broadly stable", she said.
While businesses are optimistic about business outlook, consumers are still not optimistic about spending, she said.
Taking the example of a car, Shaily said that a majority of those surveyed felt that it was not a good time to buy a car.
"Many consumers still feel that their personal finances are weak and employment conditions are not stable.
Despite fall in fuel prices, they feel high interest rates are one reason to postpone buying decision on cars.
People think interest rates will come down further next year", Shaily said.
srivats.kr@thehindu.co.in
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Cathay pilots in work-to- rule over pay disputeCathay pilots in ‘work-to- rule’ over pay dispute
PTI
Tweet
Hong Kong, Dec 4:  
Pilots of Hong Kong flag carrier Cathay Pacific were due to start work-to-rule action today after long—running pay talks broke down, raising the prospect of delays and cancellations in the run-up to Christmas.
Union leaders announced the move — which will see pilots work only their contractual hours — as the latest round of negotiations with airline management over pay and working hours failed.
“It is unfortunate that a year of negotiations has brought us to this point,” said Chris Beebe, General Secretary of the Hong Kong Aircrew Officers' Association (HKAOA).
The union represents more than 2,000 Cathay pilots and said 92 per cent of members had approved the action.
“The pilot members, who are based in Hong Kong, New Zealand and the US, will be instructed to perform their assigned duties in strict conformance with their existing conditions of service,” HKAOA said in a statement late yesterday.
Beebe said the union “looks forward to resuming talks with management for a fairer, more equitable agreement on pay“.
A lack of pilots has led to some having to work additional shifts, reports said.
“The pilot shortage has always been serious. Some are called to work twice a month on their rostered days off,” one pilot told the South China Morning Post today.
The industrial action comes despite a four per cent salary hike announced in November, backdated to January 2014 and running until the end of April 2015.
Cathay said it was “extremely disappointed” at the decision and that talks would now be put “on hold“.
“We are confident that the flight crew community are aware of the high expectation from the travelling public.
“We believe they will continue to fulfil their duties and would not cause any inconvenience to passengers in the upcoming festive holidays,” it said in a statement.
Germany’s Lufthansa, Europe’s biggest airline, was also braced for a pilots strike, with tensions heightened by its plans to expand into low-cost intercontinental services.
Pilots union Vereinigung Cockpit (VC) Tuesday announced this week’s second strike, which will hit long—haul and cargo flights.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Sadhvi s remarks  strongly disapproved  by PM Narendra Modi in Rajya SabhaPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Breaking his silence, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today “strongly disapproved” of Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s controversial remarks, saying such language should be avoided.
With Opposition stalling proceedings in Rajya Sabha for past three days demanding sacking of the minister, Modi appealed to members to allow the House to function in national interest as she has already apologised.
“I was informed about the statement which caused the controversy on the day BJP Parliamentary Party was to meet. In the meeting I strongly disapproved of the remarks and I said we should avoid using such language,” he said.
In election heat, he said, leaders should avoid using such language.
Modi said after the minister’s apology the matter should rest and the House resume in normal functioning.
The Prime Minister said Jyoti is a first time minister and a new member of Parliament and the House should show magnanimity by accepting her apology considering this.
“When the Minister has apologised, I appeal and request the House (to resume normal business)… In national interest, we must carry forward work (of the House),” he said, adding members should maintain decorum.
Modi said he shared the view that after the minister’s apology, the matter should be considered closed.
Modi came to the House when it reassembled after a 15-minute adjournment forced by the opposition members demanding resignation of the minister.
As soon as the House met for the day, the entire opposition was on its feet to press for the demand.
As Deputy Chairman P J Kurien asked ministers to lay the listed papers, slogan shouting Congress members trooped into the Well.
The slogan shouting continued even after he took up Zero Hour mentions.
With members unrelenting, he adjourned the House for 15 minutes.
When the House reassembled, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said the Prime Minister wants to make a statement and he be allowed to do so.
After Modi’s statement, Anand Sharma (Cong) said the Prime Minister should take strong action against the minister as the Constitution does not permit such utterances.
Finance Minister and Leader of House Arun Jaitley said the Opposition had been demanding that the Prime Minister come to the House and make a statement. Now that Modi has made the statement, the House should get on to its business, he said.
Sitaram Yechuri (CPI-M) said the minister had not apologised and had merely expressed regret.
“Assuming that she has apologised… you apologise only when you have done some wrong,” he said, demanding action against the minister.
As opposition members refused to resume their seats and treasury benches objected to the repeated disruptions even after Prime Minister’s statement, Kurien said members were yesterday complaining that their Zero Hour concerns could not be taken up due to disruptions.
“You are losing Zero Hour. Don’t blame me,” he said.
Kurien said the issue has been under discussion for three days and no further discussion can be allowed. “You cannot have discussion on the same subject every day,” he said.
When Tiruchi Siva (DMK) asked as to why the Chair was depriving opportunity to one side to speak, Kurien shot back saying, “Don’t cast aspersions on the Chair… You are depriving right of 15 members (who gave Zero Hour notice).”
Kurien said he has allowed Sharad Yadav (JD-U) to speak as he is a senior member and after his statement Zero Hour will be taken up.
Yadav (JD-U) said this is not the first time that such a statement has been made and there have been several such statements to vitiate communal atmosphere.
As pandemonium continued, Kurien adjourned the House till noon.

Floor price of SAIL to be set at Rs 83 a shareGovt kicks off disinvestment; SAIL offer over-subscribed
BS Reporters | Mumbai/New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 03:10 PM IST
Kicking off its disinvestment drive on a positive note, the government's share sale offer in steel major SAIL got over-subscribed today by nearly 1.5 times with almost an hour still left for bidding, ensuring at least Rs 1,500 crore to the exchequer. 
The offer for over 20 crore shares of SAIL received robust response from retail investors, to whom the government offered 5% price discount and reserved 10% or over 2 crore shares. 
The government is selling 5% stake in SAIL through this one-day offer, which received bids for more than 30 crore shares, worth over Rs 2,500 crore, by 2.45 pm itself. 
The bidding was scheduled to continue till 3.30 pm at the BSE as well as the NSE. 
Incidentally, the BSE website data showed the offer as getting over-subscribed 131% at around 2.25 pm, before revising it downward to 69%. Around 15 minutes later, the data on both BSE and NSE websites showed the offer getting over-subscribed. 
The retail segment was over-subscribed 1.28 times, while non-retail segment was over-subscribed 1.5 times as on 2.45 pm, taking the total subscription level of over 20 crore shares at 1.48 times. 
The SAIL offering is the first PSU share sale undertaken by the new government, which targets to raise Rs 58,000-crore by selling stakes in various state-owned firms during the current fiscal. It is also first disinvestment during the current fiscal. 
It is probably the first OFS in which the stock exchanges are showing the retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately. 
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75% less than yesterday's closing price. 
At the floor price of Rs 83, a 5% stake or over 20.65 crore shares in SAIL could garner around Rs 1,714 crore to the exchequer, which is expecting a minimum amount of Rs 1,500 crore after taking into account retail discount. 
The government currently holds 80% stake in the company, which will fall to 75% after this offer.
The Centre plans to raise Rs 36,925 crore by selling its stake in 10 public sector undertakings, including behemoths Oil and Natural Gas Corpatiion (ONGC), Coal India and NHPC, and smaller firms like Power Finance Corporation (PFC), Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) and Container Corporation of India (Concor).
Additionally, it plans to raise about Rs 6,500 crore from part-sale of the stake it holds through Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India (Suuti) in Axis Bank, Larsen & Toubro, and ITC; and Rs 15,000 crore from sale of its residual stake in Hindustan Zinc and Bharat Aluminium Company (Balco).
Apart from SAIL, finance ministry officials are confident that Coal India, ONGC, and NHPC will hit the market by the end of January. At current prices, the combined proceeds from these four public sector behemoths will be around Rs 42,911 crore.
So far, however, there is less clarity on stake sales in the smaller companies, some of which might be shelved. The combined proceeds from sale of five% each in Concor, PFC, REC and MOIL could be about Rs 5,210 crore at current rates, while the government expects about Rs 5,500 crore from sale of 10% each in Hindustan Aeronautics and Rashtriya Ispat Nigam.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has set a tight fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of gross domestic product, so every rupee counts.
The tax authorities have to raise Rs 6.54 lakh crore in the second half of 2014-15 — 28% more than what they did in the period from October 2013 to March 2014 — to meet the full-year target of Rs 9.77 lakh-crore. So, it is imperative that the targets from disinvestment, spectrum sales, and special dividends are met.

Ritu Mallya joins MCF board as DirectorRitu Mallya joins MCF board as Director
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 04:34 PM IST
Ritu Mallya, step mother of Vijay Mallya, has joined the board of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers.  Mallya had to quit the board of MCF on Monday after banks advised the company that it will be difficult for them to lend money to MCF with a “willful defaulter”  Mallya on the board. Ritu Mallya, 68, is a Banglore-based lawyer and was married to late Vittal Mallya, founder of UB group.
Ritu Mallya is a Bengaluru-based lawyer and was married to late Vittal Mallya, founder of the UB group who died in 1983. Ritu Mallya’s old name was Kailash Advani and ran a garments business at the time of her marriage to Vittal Mallya.
“The Board of directors is authorized to appoint a director as per the articles of association. Ritu Mallya has also given her consent for her appointment as director. She will continue to be director until the next annual general meeting of the company, where the shareholders’ approval will be sought,” an MCF official said.
The company is facing a pitched takeover battle between Pune-based Deepak Fertiliser and Kolkata-based Adventz group. Mallya’s resignation came after the State Bank of India has sent a communication to all the companies where UB group chairman Vijay Mallya is a director that it will be difficult for the banks to lend fresh funds to the companies with the presence of a “willful defaulter” on the board.
This means Mallya, who is on the board of United Breweries and UBHL, will have to resign in the near future from companies where he is a director and want to access bank funds.
Confirming missive to various companies where Mallya is on board, a top State Bank of India official said this is not isolated action and is  a part of activity by lenders after Kingfisher defaulted on payments on dues worth Rs 7,000 crore.
Banks have been active in using legal forums for over year and this step to sounding caution to companies where Mallya is on board has been initiated in last few months.  Lenders will take adverse view of Mallya’s presence on any board, the SBI official told this paper.

Western Union signs Shah Rukh Khan as brand ambassadorWestern Union signs Shah Rukh Khan as brand ambassador
Urvi Malvania | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 04:59 PM IST
Global payment services the Western Union Company has brought on board Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan as its brand ambassador. He will now represent Western Union and money transfer services, which are offered across 200 countries and territories.
The association comes after the company carried out a survey that revealed that watching movies from their native country is one of most common things that connect migrants to their homeland. The survey also revealed that for Indian diaspora who are living and working outside the country, Bollywood ranked second in terms of platforms helping them to remain connected to their homeland.
SRK’s popularity, his ability to connect with his audiences across all age groups around the world, especially the connections he builds for the South Asian diaspora to their home countries, resonates with the Western Union brand promise of bringing families closer to their loved ones, the company stated.
Kiran Shetty, regional vice president & managing director- India & South Asia, Western Union said, “We are very excited to have Shah Rukh Khan as a Western Union ambassador, as he truly symbolises our ability to create connections for families around the world with their loved ones back home. We are certain, that with this association, our consumers across the globe will feel even closer to home.”
Western Union consumers in the US and UK have already started to experience the charisma of Shah Rukh Khan as he features in campaigns that remind Indian diaspora of the ease and reliability that Western Union provides when sending money to loved ones back home.
“I am extremely thrilled to be part of the Western Union family. Via their services they connect people around the world with their loved ones, like I do with my films. Western Union’s reliable, fast and convenient service is what makes Western Union popular amongst consumers across the globe – Transferring money, is fat-a-fat, or quick and easy,” said Shah Rukh Khan.
Western Union services are available today at over 112,000 agent locations in India and senders from over 200 countries and territories across the globe can be sure that there will be a Western Union agent location conveniently situated near their loved ones back home.
Western Union has transactional websites in 24 countries and a mobile app in the U.S. and Australia, as well as more than 500,000 agent locations to send money globally to 200 countries and territories.

Europe stocks at fresh high before ECBEuro rallies after ECB keeps powder dry
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/14ed1f00-7b5f-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cauvery Dams: Protests against Mekedatu project; protestorsdetainedBy: Press Trust of India | Thanjavur |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:24 pm
Hundreds of workers belonging to the left parties and DMK besides farmers, including women, on Thursday courted arrest in delta districts protesting against Karnataka government’s proposed move to construct two dams across the Cauvery for the Mekedatu project.
The protesters said the proposed project poses a challenge to the livelihood of the people in the delta districts.
Over 280 party activists and farmers were taken into custody at the Thanjavur Railway Station when they picketed the railway tracks.
Rail traffic on the route, including Chozhan Express, was delayed for more than two hours, police said.
At Nagapattinam too, some 300 persons, including farmers who staged a rail roko, were taken into custody, police said, adding, shopkeepers extended support to the protest by downing their shutters.
The agitation was part of the dawn-to-dusk protest called by the ‘Tamil Nadu Vivasayigal Sangam’, backed by the Left parties and DMK.

Chitrangada Singh wont go bald forfunBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:18 pm
At a time when actors are leaving no stone unturned to portray their onscreen character with conviction, actress Chitrangada Singh says she won’t shave off her tresses for any role, but only for something meaningful.
“I have cut my hair for a role in a movie where I played a corporate person. But I won’t go bald for fun. The role has to be that good and exciting. It has to be amazing and different,” the actress told IANS over phone from Mumbai.
Chitrangada has maintained a likeable blend between serious and commercial cinema with movies like ‘Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi’, ‘Desi Boyz’, ‘Inkaar’ and ‘I, Me Aur Main’. The actress said that oiling is behind the health of her long mane.
“For me, oiling has always been very important. I make it a point to do it twice a month. Other than that I emphasise on using good shampoo, conditioner and some times hair packs,” she said.
The actress recently launched Livon’s Moroccan Silk Serum along with actress Soha Ali Khan. Praising the product, she said: “My personal experience is that it doesn’t make your hair, even if you have styled them, go flat. It also keeps the hair texture very light.”
However, Chitrangada, 38, also noted that celebrities are not spared from bad hair days. She said, “You can’t do much on a bad hair day. I usually make a ponytail on such days.”
At present, Chitrangda is busy preparing for Kushan Nandy’s ‘Babumoshai Bandookbaaz’.

Putin defends Russias foreign policy  says actions are necessary for the countryssurvivalBy: Associated Press | Moscow |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:17 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 8:56 pm
Russian President Vladimir Putin in his annual speech on Thursday defended the Kremlin’s aggressive foreign policy, saying the actions are necessary for his country’s survival.
Russia annexed Ukraine’s Crimean peninsula in March and was later accused of supplying pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine with ammunition and manpower.
Putin in his annual state-of-the-nation address at the Grand Kremlin Palace on Thursday defended the annexation of Crimea, describing the peninsula as Russia’s spiritual ground, “our Temple Mount,” and added that national pride and sovereignty are “a necessary condition for survival” of Russia.
“If for many European countries, sovereignty and national pride are forgotten concepts and a luxury, then for the Russian Federation a true sovereignty is an absolutely necessary condition of its existence,” he told a full room of Cabinet ministers, lawmakers and community leaders.
“I want to stress: either we will be sovereign, or we will dissolve in the world. And, of course, other nations must understand this as well.”
More than 4,300 people have been killed in eastern Ukraine in what the West and the Ukrainian government says is a conflict fueled by Russian money.
Putin once again expressed his displeasure over the toppling of Ukrainian Presidential Viktor Yanukovych but offered no insight into what Russia’s next actions in eastern Ukraine could be.
Although Russia is boosting its national defense budget Putin said it is not going to get involved in an expensive
arms race. He said unspecified “unusual solutions” are at the nation’s disposal.
“No one will succeed in defeating Russia militarily,” he said. “They would have been delighted to let us go the way of Yugoslavia and the dismemberment of the Russian peoples, with all the tragic consequences. But it did not happen. We did not allow it to happen.”
“The more we retreat and justify ourselves, the more brazen our opponents become and the more cynically and
aggressively they behave.”
The Russian president also announced measures to spur the flagging economy, saying that Russia’s resurgent “geopolitical role” should be matched by a thriving economy.
Russia is expected to enter recession next year, for the first time in six years.
Putin suggested a three-year freeze on impromptu inspections and tax checks for companies with a clean record, and said there should be no taxation of offshore money returning to Russia.
Putin praised the work of the Central Bank, which moved to free float the ruble this year, allowing it to hit a record
of almost 55 rubles to continued…

SAIL share sale on Friday; floor price set at Rs 83 apiece | Stock slips 3%  recoversSAIL share sale floor price fixed at Rs 83; may fetch Rs 1700 crore
By ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.41AM IST
0
Share More
The government will give a discount of 5 per cent to retail investors in the offering, a senior finance ministry official said, 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government set the floor price for the sale of a 5% stake in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) at a 2.75% discount as its record asset-sale programme gets underway on Friday.
In a notification to the stock exchanges, the company said that "the floor price of the offer in terms of Sebi OFS (offer for sale) circular shall be Rs 83." It will also offer a 5% discount to retail investors , said a senior finance ministry official .
The government plans to offload around 20.65 crore shares of SAIL in the offer for sale (OFS) on Friday.
The stock ended at Rs 85.35 Thursday on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), down 0.35%. "We expect to raise around Rs 1,500-1,700 crore from the stake sale," said the finance ministry official cited above.
The SAIL public offer will kick off the government's disinvestment programme through which it aims to raise Rs 58,425 crore this fiscal. Of the total,Rs 43,425 crore is expected to come from stake sales in government-controlled companies and Rs 15,000 crore from those in which it has a minority stake.
In July 2012, the Cabinet had approved a 10.82% stake sale in the state-run steel maker. The first tranche of the disinvestment was completed in March 2013 when the government sold just a 5.82% stake in the company on account of weak market conditions.The stake sale will also help the company meet Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI) listing norms, which require the government's holding to be lowered to 75%.In 2013, the government had sold a 5.82% stake in the company for around Rs 1,514 crore. The foreign participation was about 12% of the offer size. The government has lined up stake sales in NHPC, Coal India and ONGC as part of its effort to meet the disinvestment target.
The government will divest a 10% stake in Coal India, in which it holds 89.65%. Last fiscal, the government could mobilise only Rs 15,820 crore through disinvestment against a budgeted target of Rs 40,000 crore. In 2012-13, of the Rs 30,000-crore target, only Rs 23,957 crore was raised.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

New Zealand national  three associates arrested in fraud caseUpdated: December 4, 2014 18:12 IST
New Zealand national, three associates arrested in fraud case
Special Correspondent
The Hindu
(From left to right) Hitesh Modi, Kiran Modi, Denise and Mohammed Khurram. Photo: Special Arrangement.
The Central Crime Branch (CCB) sleuths busted a network marketing fraud with the arrest of four persons including a 52-year-old woman from New Zealand for allegedly duping people on the pretext of offering them memberships in a networking company.
Based on a tip-off, a team of sleuths approached the company executives holding a seminar at Hotel Capitol on Rajbhavan Road and arrested the accused.
The accused have been identified as Denise, a New Zealand national who heads the fraud company and her associates Mohammed Khurram (44), Kiran Modi (39) and Hitesh Modi (42) from Bengaluru.
Joint Commissioner of Police, Hemanth Nimbalkar who led the raid, said that the company under the banner "YOBSN SOCIAL MEDIA NETWORK MLM" was being run through a website www.socialmediatechnologies.com. The accused conducted seminars and power point presentations across the country to lure people by offering them money in US dollars.
Police said that anyone could become a member of the network by paying Rs. 8,000 to Rs. 25,000 according to their capacity following which the member will have to introduce two persons (Left & Right member) to invest. The member gets a 25 per cent bonus as commission.
CCB investigated the documents available with the accused persons and found that the accused Denise had introduced more than 31,000 members from across the globe and had collected Rs. 50 crore worth enrolment fee.
Denise's members included 2,000 from US, 1,700 from India, 28,000 from Malaysia, 500 from New Zealand, 200 from Dubai, and 100 from Pakistan. Her members in India include 300 from Karnataka, 800 from Maharashtra, 100 from Delhi, 100 from Punjab, 300 from MP, 100 from Hyderabad.
Mohammed Khurram also has 2,000 members in his tree and claims to have received $10,000 as commission.
The CCB has filed an FIR against the accused in Cubbon Park Police station and booked them under section 3, 4, 5 of Prize Chits and Money Circulation Scheme (ban) Act and section 420 IPC.
Mr. Nimbalkar said that action would be initiated against the hotel for not informing about the event to the police which amounts to abetting the accused.

Launch of New Orion Spacecraft Stalled AgainIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Suspect arrested in stabbing death of U.S. teacher in Abu Dhabisuspect arrested in stabbing death of u.s. teacher in abu dhabi
Filling US skills gapfilling us skills gap
Esaar India: Board meeting on Dec 12  2014Dec 04, 2014, 05.43 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Esaar India: Board meeting on Dec 12, 2014
Esaar India has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 12, 2014, inter alia, to consider and approve the following:- Shifting of registered office of the Company within the local limits.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Esaar India: Board meeting on Dec 12, 2014
Esaar India has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 12, 2014, inter alia, to consider and approve the following:- Shifting of registered office of the Company within the local limits.
Post your opinion here
 
Esaar India Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 12, 2014, inter alia, to consider and approve the following:- Shifting of registered office of the Company within the local limits.Source : BSE

Will you sell usdinr on rallyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

You remain whooleday here to mark others msg offensive so that they ca...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Crude oil sell call: second target achieved (sell crude oil at cmp (42...New Member
68 Followers
Crude Oil Sell Call: Second Target achieved (Sell Crude Oil at CMP (4204) Target 1: 4180 Target 2: 4165 Stop Loss: 4230)
5.58 PM Dec 4th  | Track

Yes  i find sense in yours also.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

MPC keeps rates and policy on holdBank of England keeps rates and policy on hold
Emily Cadman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1263dc50-7ba6-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LESSONS IN MARKETING EXCELLENCE22:25 pm Here's what to expect from FOMC meet ahead
- in FII View
22:21 pm Fin assets catching up: Will 2015 be the year of equities?
- in CNBC-TV18 Comments
21:29 pm '12 technologies can add up to $1 tn to eco value in India'
- in 24X7booking

Housing scheme: DDA making efforts to refund security deposit in 30 daysDDA making efforts to refund security deposit for housing scheme within a month
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 14:17 IST
(Photo for representation. Source: Reuters)
The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) is making efforts to refund within a month the security deposit to the unsuccessful applicants of its 'Housing Scheme 2014', in which draw of lots had taken place on November 25.
Minister of State for Urban Development and Housing Babul Supriyo told the Lok Sabha in a written reply that guidelines provide for 90 days for such refund. Supriyo said that if there is a delay in making a refund, a simple interest of 8 per cent per annum will be paid on the deposit.
DDA had offered 25,034 flats in its biggest ever housing scheme and received 10,08,700 applications .
CHECK OUT: Best places to buy a house in India right now
To another query, the minister said there is no shortage of Barat Ghar and community centres in the national capital. As per the information furnished by the DDA, Delhi Cantonment Board (DCB) and Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board (DUSIB), there is no shortage of such facilities in the capital city, Supriyo said.
DDA has received five proposals from the Delhi government for allotment of land for construction of Community Hall/Barat Ghar. DUSIB has received a proposal for construction of a Barat Ghar in JJ Colony, Madangir under MLA fund.
Supriyo also informed the House that uninterrupted connectivity between Rajghat and Vijay Ghat will be made available by the end of September 2015, while stating that such connectivity is already available between Rajghat and Shakti Sthal and work is in progress to extend it to Shantivana, Rashtriya Smriti and Vijay Ghat.

Cipla Sues Canada-Based Pharma FirmSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Sweden-based drug firm Meda Pharmaceuticals Inc and Cipla Ltd have "sued" Apotex Inc and Apotex Corp in the Federal District Court in Delaware, US to enforce patents of its allergy drug 'Dymista'.
Cipla said in a filing to the BSE that "they sued Apotex Inc and Apotex Corp in Federal District Court in Delaware to enforce the Orange-Book listed patents covering 'Dymista' Nasal Spray".
It further said that it has sued Apotex Inc and Apotex Corp "in response to Apotex's submission to the US FDA of an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA), and accompanying Paragraph IV certification, seeking approval to market a generic version of Meda's 'Dymista' prior to expiration of the 'Dymista' patents".
In June 2013, Cipla granted the global commercialisation rights for 'Dymista' to Meda AB except for certain geographies.
"Meda will vigorously enforce the 'Dymista' patent rights against Apotex and any other company who challenges these patents," Meda chief executive Dr Jorg-Thomas Dierks said.
"The Complaint was filed within 45 days of receiving Apotex's Paragraph IV certification notice, thus triggering an automatic stay preventing the FDA from approving Apotex's ANDA for 30 months from receipt of the notice, unless ordered otherwise by a district court," Cipla said.
"Meda has the exclusive licenses to US Patent Nos. 8,163,723 and 8,168,620 covering the 'Dymista' composition and its approved uses, which does not expire until 2026'," it said.
Meda holds the New Drug Application (NDA) to manufacture and market Dymista in the US for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Meda and Cipla are jointly represented by attorneys from Sterne, Kessler, Goldstein & Fox PLLC and Ashby & Geddes, PA.
Shares in Cipla, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 641.60 apiece on the BSE, up 0.31 per cent from the previous close. The stock rose as much as 3.5 per cent during the day.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 15:57 (IST)

Older viewers also abandoning TV in favor of phone  computerOlder viewers also abandoning TV in favor of phone, computer
Robert Taylor
Lewis Jacobs / A&E
Robert Taylor in a scene from "Longmire," a popular show among older viewers that has been canceled.
Robert Taylor in a scene from "Longmire," a popular show among older viewers that has been canceled. (Lewis Jacobs / A&E)
By Ryan Faughnder contact the reporter
More people are watching digital video as TV viewing declines; it's not just young people driving the trend
People in the U.S. are watching more digital video as traditional TV viewing declines, and it's not just young people driving the trend, according to a new report from Nielsen.
8
The measurement firm said Wednesday that the amount of time spent watching video on computers and smartphones each day among those age 55 and up increased 55% in the third quarter, compared with the same quarter last year. Meanwhile, traditional TV viewing among that demographic didn't change in the quarter. 
The new TV: How everything is changing Read the story
Among adults 18-to-49 years old, a group cherished by advertisers, daily viewing via the old-fashioned tube decreased 3% compared with last year, while digital viewing grew 53%.
The decline in regular-TV viewing was 2% among 25-to-54-year-olds, compared with a 62% bump in viewing on computers and mobile devices. (Still, the TV screen accounts for far more watching than the newer viewing methods.)
The shifts in TV viewing are part of an ongoing trend brought on by the proliferation of new streaming websites, apps and devices people now use to watch television programming.
0
Those changes were illustrated in Nielsen's Total Audience Report, renamed from its quarterly Cross-Platform Report, which indicated that the shift is happening accross the demographic categories.  
Media executives have been placing pressure on Nielsen to change its ratings to account for more of the digital audience as their live ratings continue to fall. In the third quarter, people watched about 141 hours a month of traditional TV (no DVR use or video on-demand), down 7% from a year ago. 
Last month Nielsen proposed that the TV industry should adopt a more inclusive ratings standard to account for the growth in alternative viewing methods. 
"Now is the time for a fundamental industry change," Dounia Turrill, Nielsen's senior vice president of insights, said in the new report. "Our goal is to deliver comprehensive measurement of all audience and all advertising by following the consumer."
Compared with a year ago, time-shifted viewing through digital recording devices and video on-demand grew to 14 hours and 20 minutes a month, from 12 hours and 31 minutes a month last year.
Watching of video on the Internet exploded to 10 hours and 42 minutes a month, a big surge from six hours and 20 minutes a year ago. 
Follow Ryan Faughnder on Twitter for more entertainment business coverage: @rfaughnder

Heres exactly how the United States spends $2.9 trillion on health careBy Jason Millman December 3 Follow @jasonmillman
The United States spent $2.9 trillion on health care in 2013, or about $9,255 per person, according to a new detailed accounting of the nation's health care dollars. The 2013 totals represent just 3.6 percent growth in national health spending from 2012 — the lowest annual growth rate since 1960, according to a federal report published in the policy journal Health Affairs.
It also marks the fifth straight year of low health spending growth, and it shows a slowdown from the 4.1 percent growth rate in 2012. And for the fifth straight year, health care spending as a share of the economy held steady at 17.4 percent.
The annual spending report from the CMS Office of the Actuary provides the most comprehensive look at where the nation's health care dollars go. Most of the $2.9 trillion is spent on hospital care ($936.9 billion), physicians and clinical services ($586.7 billion), and prescription drugs ($271.1 billion). Here's how that spending breaks down:
(CMS Office of the Actuary)
That spending changes from year-to-year though. As the following chart shows, most health-care services saw a lower rate in spending growth in 2013 compared to 2012.
Prescription drug spending, which accounts for almost one in every 10 dollars spent on health care, saw modest spending growth after being pretty flat in 2012. That's on the account of a number of blockbuster drugs getting generic competition in 2012, while there were more new drug launches in 2013 than any of the past 10 years.
The ongoing question — the one that matters for consumers and for state and federal budgets — is what's behind the slowdown in health spending growth in recent years. Is it a function of the slow recovery, or is the health-care system getting more efficient?
Officials from the CMS actuary's office says they're not surprised by the recent slowdown in health spending growth, since it usually tracks with GDP growth coming out of a recession. They point to the following chart, which tracks the growth in national health expenditures (NHE) against GDP growth:
(CMS Office of the Actuary)
At the same time, the actuary report cites a number of factors contributing to the slowdown that don't seem to apply to the experience of previous recoveries. There's been significant recent growth in high-deductible health plans, which come with lower premiums and higher out-of-pocket costs, which could mean people use less heath care. The report also cites cuts to Medicare spending, through last year's budget sequester and the 2010 Affordable Care Act, as well as greater Medicaid drug rebates and limits on insurer profits.
And though private insurance enrollment grew 0.7 percent in 2013 — the third straight year of growth — the private insurance rolls in 2013 were still below pre-recession levels. That could change in 2014, the first year of the ACA's coverage expansion.
The actuary report also points out new pressures driving up health spending, such as the ACA's Medicaid expansion, the closing of Medicare's prescription drug doughnut hole and new fees on drugmakers.
So what happens to health-care spending when the recovery gets stronger? The CMS actuary's most recent projections predict that health spending will almost double to $5.2 trillion in 2023 , when it will account for 19.3 percent of the economy. Those projections come from September and are based on 2012 data, so they'll undergo revisions next year and in future years.
All these shifting pieces are still playing out in the health-care system, and Wednesday's report concludes with this over-arching theme: "The balance of these and many other factors over the next few years will determine how historically low health spending growth from 2009-2013 is viewed: as the temporary aftermath of the great recession or the beginning of a new era."
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.

The cyberattack on Sony Pictures made employees collateral damageBy Andrea Peterson December 3 Follow @kansasalps
(Reuters/Kacper Pempel/Files)
The wave of cyberattacks of large retailers, from Target to Home Depot, over the past year have made hacks feel like a fact of life for many consumers. But the alleged breach at  Sony Pictures last week hints at a future where such attacks are more invasive than a stolen credit card: Documents allegedly leaked include Social Security numbers, salary information and even employee performance reviews.
The leaked documents, first reported on by Kevin Roose at Fusion, have not yet been verified by Sony. But a memo sent to employees by Sony Pictures executives obtained by the Hollywood Reporter suggests that cyberattackers had access to huge amounts of the company's internal systems. (Sony Pictures did not respond to a request for comment for this story.)
"It is now apparent that a large amount of confidential Sony Pictures Entertainment data has been stolen by the cyber attackers, including personnel information and business documents," the memo from Sony Pictures Entertainment chiefs Michael Lynton and Amy Pascal reportedly read. "While we are not yet sure of the full scope of information that the attackers have or might release, we unfortunately have to ask you to assume that information about you in the possession of the company might be in their possession."
The alleged document leak came a week after Sony employees reportedly were met with computers displaying images of a neon red skull and a message proclaiming the company had been hacked by "G.O.P" -- which stands for "Guardians of Peace." Pirated versions of several films, including some which have yet to be released, were also leaked online over the weekend.
Investigators believe North Korea launched the attack in apparent retaliation for a upcoming comedy film centered on a tabloid talk show host recruited to assassinate North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un.
"If it's true that North Korea was behind it, it almost seems to be taking a tool from the methods of terrorists who try to hurt innocent civilians to attack a country or a company," said Jules Polonetsky, executive director of the Future of Privacy Forum. "They've apparently gone to great lengths to personally hurt individuals who are working at the company to assert displeasure at the company."
The attack appears politically motivated, said Chris Hoofnagle, the director of the Berkeley Center for Law & Technology's information privacy programs. "This attack looks more like a crime meant to harm the victim than to extract some economic benefit, which makes it very different from the card breaches and the like," he said.
In some ways, Hoofnagle said, Sony Pictures employees are experiencing what it's like to be targeted by the hacktivist group Anonymous -- whose tactics often include subjecting the private lives of members of an institution to public scrutiny.
Among the documents that Roose reported were leaked by the hackers were detailed performance reviews for hundreds of employees. One spreadsheet allegedly contained the names, birth dates, and Social Security numbers of more than 3,800 employees while another listed all employees who were fired or laid off in 2013 and the reasons they were let go.  Buzzfeed reports that the data dump included "employee criminal background checks, salary negotiations, and doctors’ letters explaining the medical rationale for leaves of absence."
"If you think about the long-term relationships you have with employers, they obtain all sorts of personal information that employees expect to remain private," said Hoofnagle. "You can just imagine in personnel files there being pretty uncomfortable things -- like confidential evaluations about employees or peer evaluations."
According to the memo obtained by the Hollywood Reporter, the company will be providing identify theft protection monitoring services for its employees, but experts say that may not be enough. "Providing ID theft helps address one particular hurt, but there's potential damage that's being done here due to the exposure of private facts that's hard to provide a remedy for," said Polonetsky from the Future of Privacy Forum.
The nature of the Sony Pictures hack could represent a turning point in how fallout of cyberattacks are measured. "People like to steal corporate information, but to attack employees indiscriminately and widely really opens up a new front in corporate cyberwarfare or espionage," Polonetsky said.
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

The NYPD banned chokeholds 20 years ago  but hundreds of complaints are still being filedBy Roberto A. Ferdman December 3 Follow @robferdman
A 400- pound asthmatic Eric Garner died while being arrested by police in Staten Island. (Photo By: /NY Daily News via Getty Images)
For the second time in as many weeks, a grand jury decided not to indict a police officer for the use of excessive force. This time, however, the weapon of choice was not a gun, but a set of hands, used in an apparent chokehold on an asthmatic Staten Island man named Eric Garner — a tactic that, as it turns out, is forbidden by the NYPD.
This is what the NYPD patrol guide says, per the New York Law Journal :
Members of the New York City Police Department will NOT use chokeholds. A chokehold shall include, but is not limited to, any pressure to the throat or windpipe, which may prevent or hinder breathing or reduce intake of air.
That's explicit. And it has been the department's policy since 1993, shortly after five officers were put on trial (four of whom were acquitted) for killing a 21-year-old by "traumatic asphyxia."
In fact, the NYPD has been warning officers, at least in writing, about the dangers of using chokeholds for decades. In 1985, according to the law journal, then-police commissioner Benjamin Ward limited their use, mandating that they not be used "routinely," and disallowing their use unless an "officer's life is in danger or some other person's life in danger and the choke hold is the least dangerous alternative method of restraint available to the police officer."
But even though the limitation on chokeholds by New York City police officers went from seldom to never, police officers appear to have continuously used the maneuver.
Between June 2013 and July 2014, the Civilian Complaint Review Board, an independent city agency that examines accusations of police misconduct, received more than 200 chokehold complaints. Extend the period back to 2009, and the total number soars into the 1000s. Nearly 200 complaints have been filed on average each year since 2001.
That's not to say that every complaint -- or even the majority -- represented a verified incident in which someone was put in a chokehold by a cop. Indeed, roughly half of claims have been found by the review board to be unsubstantiated. Only a tiny fraction -- around 2 percent -- have been substantiated. A substantial number of cases, meanwhile, are neither fully proven nor disproved.
But even if a minority of cases involve chokeholds, it raises an important question: Why are police officers in New York City still allegedly using the maneuver if it is explicitly banned?
The answer might be because the department is not enforcing the rule stringently. A recent study  (pdf) by the review board says that:
Put simply, during the last decade, the NYPD disciplinary decisions in NYPD administrative trials of chokehold allegations failed to enforce the clear mandate of the Patrol Guide chokehold rule. In response to these decisions which failed to hold offending officers accountable, the CCRB and NYPD Department Advocate’s Office [internal affairs] failed to charge officers with chokehold violations pursuant to the mandate of the Patrol Guide chokehold rule.
By failing to properly punish officers who have used a banned method of apprehension, the department effectively shapes the understanding of the rule by officers, the study says.
In essence, in their respective charging decisions, the CCRB and the Department Advocate redefined a “chokehold” to require force to the neck during which an officer actually and substantially interfered with a complainant’s breathing rather than “pressure” to the neck which “may” interfere with breathing. In this respect the chokehold rule “mutated” to adapt to the NYPD disciplinary process, rather than the disciplinary process following the NYPD rule.
Defenders of the officer involved say he was using a proper technique -- one he had learned in the academy that stays away from a person's throat and neck. The New York City medical examiner's office has called Garner's death a homicide resulting from "compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police.”
Still, it's clear that the police have not closely followed a rule that requires that they "stay away from the neck." It's possible that a lighter and less-asthmatic man might have survived the apparent chokehold -- as some police officers argue -- but that is not the point.
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

#Crimingwhilewhite: White people are confessing on Twitter to crimes they got away withBy Zachary A. Goldfarb December 4 Follow @Goldfarb
On Twitter, white Americans are responding to a grand jury's decision not to indict a police officer in the death of Eric Garner on Staten Island by tweeting about crimes they claim to have committed, but got in little to no trouble for.
In a way, it's a digital version of the protest movements taking hold across the country, with the Staten Island grand jury's decision coming just a week after a St. Louis County grand jury decided not to indict a white police officer in the shooting of Michael Brown.
There's no way to verify the confessions in the tweets, which reached over 600 per minute last night, but the hashtag represents an expression by whites who are disturbed by the continuing racial disparities in the criminal justice system. It should be noted, however, that the position is not a widely-held one:
Most white Americans think bias against them is worse than bias against blacks, while just 37 percent of whites said the Michael Brown case raised important questions about race. Eighty percent of blacks did.
A sampling of tweets under the #Crimingwhilewhite hashtag:
At 13 I stole a car with my friends & drove it 2wks before we got busted. Only one charged was black. #CrimingWhileWhite
— Cecily Kellogg (@Cecilyk) December 4, 2014
I've been pulled over for some ridiculous reasons in DC & I always argue/mouth off. The worst outcome is just a ticket. #CrimingWhileWhite — Amy Sullivan (@sullivanamy) December 4, 2014
I dined and dashed-cop found me at the movies, I paid the bill and he left. I was rude but not arrested and not killed. #CrimingWhileWhite
— Robyn Kopp (@filmfixation) December 3, 2014
I shoplifted when I was 14 and they let me go because my parents came down and we "looked like a nice family." #crimingwhilewhite — Joel Watson (@hijinksensue) December 4, 2014
I got caught shoplifting at a water park when I was a kid. Instead of calling the police, they called my dad. #CrimingWhileWhite — Chris Travis (@ChrisTravisNYC) December 3, 2014
Many white friends pulled over for DUI In college. Cops followed them home to make sure they got home safe, no arrests. #CrimingWhileWhite — Nancy Arents (@narents) December 3, 2014
Someone very close to me assaulted a state police officer at a traffic stop once. Was out by 9 am and later beat case. #CrimingWhileWhite — Natural (@NatAnglin) December 3, 2014
As thousands of people tweeted on Wednesday night, many of the messages were serious. Others were random, highly political, and, indeed, irrelevant. Follow a live feed here: #CrimingWhileWhite Tweets
Zachary A. Goldfarb is policy editor at The Washington Post.

Enforcement Directorate unearths suspect bank accounts in Burdwan blast caseBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:57 am
The Enforcement Directorate probing the money laundering aspect in the Burdwan blast case has unearthed a few suspect bank accounts and would probe whether they were linked to terror funding.
“We have got a few account numbers of some unidentified persons while probing the money trail in the Burdwan blast case,” an official said.
The source said the agency had obtained the account numbers of the persons whose identities were yet to be ascertained.
The agency would probe possible links of these accounts to find whether money was used for terror funding.
Early November, the ED had registered a case of money laundering against Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) and several of its recruits in connection with the blast.
The case was registered by the agency based on the FIR filed by the National Investigation Agency and the information provided by it. The NIA is probing the terror angle of the blast which took place in October two.
The source said that accounts of the accused persons named in the FIR were also being probed to ascertain the money trail.
Asked whether the agency had got any clue so far on money raised by Ponzi firms being used for terror funding, the source said no evidence was there as of now.
Soon after the NIA took charge of the probe, a team from the terror funding cell of the agency met ED officials to share information.

new corporate tax announcedBusiness lobby warning on chancellor's new 'Google tax'
By Jamie Robertson Presenter, BBC World News
The chancellor wants multinationals to pay their "fair share" of tax
Robinson: A pre-election Budget?
The Confederation of British Industry has warned over Chancellor George Osborne's plans for the UK to "go it alone" on corporate tax reform.
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development is already putting together a plan for tackling the most aggressive tax schemes.
CBI boss John Cridland said action by the UK outside that process would "be a concern for global businesses".
Mr Osborne claims his crackdown will raise £1bn from multinationals.
Tax campaigners say tax reform to prevent international companies from paying low tax is hard, but possible.
John Cridland, CBI Director-General, said: "International tax rules are in urgent need of updating, but the decision for the UK to go it alone, outside the OECD process, will be a concern for global businesses, and moving the goalposts on offsetting losses risks creating a worrying precedent."
Mr Osborne's proposal has been called the "Google tax", but Google is certainly not the only large company accused of using the magic of international accounting to shift profits around the globe.  The allegation is that the bulk of those profits often end up in low-tax regimes, even if an unsophisticated observer can't see how they were earned there.
Apple, Amazon, Starbucks and several others could have the UK tax collector's hounds on their trail - if the chancellor's plans work.
These companies are doing nothing that is illegal.
It was avoiding tax, not evading it, that Mr Osborne tackled in the Autumn Statement.
The problem
A recent Financial Times analysis of seven US technology giants found they paid just £54m in UK corporate tax in 2012, even though their overall sales to British customers totalled $15bn.
The problem is no-one really knows what Mr Osborne's solution is.
One thing is for sure - he did little on Wednesday to explain how a Diverted Profits Tax worked.
This is what he did say: "Today I am introducing a 25% tax on profits generated by multinationals from economic activity here in the UK which they then artificially shift out of the country."
"This new Diverted Profits Tax will raise over £1bn over the next five years."
And that was about it.
Continue reading the main story
“Start Quote
The decision for the UK to go it alone, outside the OECD process, will be a concern for global businesses, and moving the goalposts on offsetting losses risks creating a worrying precedent”
End Quote John Cridland Director-General, CBI
So, what could the government do to bring in the £1bn that it is looking for?
Ahead of the curve
The UK is already no slouch when it comes to talking tough on tax avoiders.
The OECD is developing an Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting or BEPS (what you and I would call aggressive tax avoidance) and the chancellor never wastes an opportunity to voice his support for it.
But the action plan still has a way to go and won't be completed for another year. Mr Osborne is ahead of the curve.
Ahead of the curve? George Osborne announced his Diverted Profits Tax on Wednesday
That's not necessarily a good thing, say some observers.
Kevin Hindley, managing director at professional services group Alvarez & Marsal Taxand, said: "We thought the government would do something like this, as part of implementing the OECD proposals, but not so soon.
"It really is superseding what is happening internationally and it is a bit of a surprise that it's happening without consultation or discussion with business."
Then again, Mr Osborne has an election to fight in May 2015, so he may not want to wait for all the other members of the OECD to catch up.
Country by country
One thing that is likely to be crucial to his new tax is another OECD initiative: "country by country" reporting.
When you read most multinationals' reports you will find profits pulled together into global or regional areas. "Country by country" reporting would force them to break down their results for each country.
The UK was the first of the 44 countries involved in the proposals to formally commit to this new regime.
So tax jurisdictions will now get a chance to see exactly where profits are coming from.
That raises great opportunities to claw back tax - but problems too.
One of the opportunities is outlined by economist and tax campaigner Richard Murphy. He calls it Unitary Apportionment Taxation. In effect it would mean using "country by country" reporting to work out where sales were made and then dividing the taxable profits accordingly.
So if 10% of sales from a multinational came from the UK, HMRC would be entitled to tax 10% of the profits.
Sales
Closing loopholes - protestors in 2012 against Starbucks' low tax bill in the UK
But even Mr Murphy concedes that he would be "amazed" if it happened: "The OECD has already ruled this out as an option. But it would be a revolution in taxation - and in global taxation - if George Osborne goes down this route.
"If he did it, it would also mean an enormous row with the US. American companies would go ballistic over it."
Mr Hindley explains that sales are not necessarily a good way to apportion tax. He said: "If one company had large sales of low-margin, low-profit, goods to one jurisdiction, they could end up being taxed more than a company that say, had low sales but high-margin profits coming from the same country."
This is the argument used by Starbucks who claim that, despite its large sales to the UK, " we have found making a profit in the UK difficult and therefore have not been in a position to pay much corporation tax".
Mr Hindley said there were other methods to impose a Diverted Profits Tax, such as through withholding taxes - a tax deducted from an internal payment - or by denying companies the ability to deduct tax when paying royalties to other parts of their organisations.
But he added that it was impossible to know how such rules would interact with existing double taxation agreements and regulations over transfer pricing (that is the pricing of goods between different parts of a company) and he said that "speculation will be rife over the coming weeks".
More on This Story

pledge to finance a 235mRobinson: A pre-election Budget?
A new £235m science research centre has been given the go-ahead for Manchester in the Chancellor's Autumn Statement.
The Sir Henry Royce Institute for Advanced Materials Research and Innovation will also have branches in Leeds, Liverpool, London, Cambridge, Oxford and Sheffield.
The centre, based at the University of Manchester, will build on advances made in developing materials like graphene.
George Osborne called it a "massive investment" in science in the North.
Focusing on the rapidly growing field of materials science, the new centre will investigate developments across a wide range of disciplines including nanotechnology, engineering and chemistry.
The University of Manchester said the centre would be supported by "spokes" at the universities of Sheffield, Leeds, Liverpool, Cambridge, Oxford and Imperial College London.
A spokesman said the nuclear materials part of the centre, one of 14 such components, would be supported by facilities at the National Nuclear Laboratory in Cumbria and the Culham Centre for Fusion Energy in Abingdon, Oxfordshire.
In Westminster
Arif Ansari, BBC North West Tonight political reporter
The Sir Henry Royce Institute will aim to drive collaborations between academia and industry, to commercialise the UK's world-leading research in this field.
It had already been announced, but the chancellor today gave the official go-ahead.
This is separate from the £100m already announced for graphene.
Mr Osborne also confirmed a £113m investment in a Cognitive Computing Research Centre in Daresbury, which will enable non-computer specialists to gain insights from big data in order to enhance and design products and services.
Mr Osborne's science package also included a £20m Innovation Hub for Ageing Science in Newcastle-upon-Tyne and a £113m Cognitive Computing Research Centre in Daresbury, near Warrington in Cheshire.
Addressing MPs, Mr Osborne said: "Britain is raising its ambition. And nowhere is that clearer than in our commitment to science. It is a personal priority of mine.
"Scientific advance is a human endeavour worthy of support in its own right. It is also crucial to our economic future."
'Honeycomb'
The University of Manchester's vice-president, Professor Colin Bailey, said the new institute would "provide the opportunity for the UK to stay ahead in this vital area of research and innovation to ensure growth in the national economy, as well as addressing the many global challenges facing society".
The National Graphene Institute (NGI) in Manchester is currently under construction and due to open next year.
Graphene consists of a single layer of carbon atoms packed in a honeycomb structure. It has a range of applications, from drugs that can be delivered to specific cells, to bendable smartphones.
South Manchester Liberal Democrat MP John Leech welcomed Mr Osborne's announcement.
He said: "This is fantastic news for Manchester, and another big infrastructure scheme for the North West.
"It will complement the university's existing graphene hub, boost Manchester's economy, and create lots of good quality jobs building and running the centre."
Manchester City Council leader Sir Richard Leese said it was "a momentous announcement for Manchester, which adds significant momentum to the city's major role at the leading edge of global advanced material research.
"It's something for which we have long campaigned. The potential for the applications of such materials is vast and they will play a major part in realising the economic potential of Manchester, Greater Manchester and the North as a whole," he said.
More on This Story

Alia Bhatt talks about working with Shahid Kapoor and Ranbir Kapoor nextBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:29 pm
Having worked with most of the A-listers from her generation of actors including Sidharth Malhotra, Varun Dhawan, Arjun Kapoor… Alia Bhatt has now moved on to the next generation of actors. In her next two releases to be directed by Vikas Bahl and Ayan Mukerji, Alia is paired with Shahid Kapoor and Ranbir Kapoor, respectively.
Though she is tight-lipped about the project with Sushant Singh Rajput to be directed by Homi Adjania, Alia Bhatt happily admits to being part of Ayan Mukerji’s next film starring his best friend Ranbir Kapoor who has featured in both the directors’ films (Wake Up, Sid and Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani) so far.
Says Alia Bhatt, “I had three releases in 2014 and I’m shooting for one film ‘Shandaar’. Besides this, the only project I am officially part of is the film directed by Ayan Mukerji with Ranbir Kapoor in the lead.”
Alia is looking forward to working with Ranbir Kapoor who had wonderful things to say about her after Imtiaz Ali’s ‘Highway’.
Hopefully she will be working with the Khan generation of superstars soon. “I hope so,” Alia Bhatt laughs. “I want to work with all of them. It is very important to be seen with different co-stars. I’ve so far worked with actors my own age. So there was a natural comfort level with them. But it’s not like Shahid is any different from Varun Dhawan, Arjun Kapoor or Sidharth Malhotra.”
Alia is all praise for Shahid Kapoor with whom she shot in Leeds for ‘Shandaar’, “He is a very chilled-out guy. He has been around for so many years. He’s a thorough professional. I really enjoyed working with him.”

The European Central Bank 
16/12/2014 Interview: BenoÃ®t CÅ“urÃ©:  Entretien avec Lâ€™Opinion,  fr
12/12/2014 Press release: Closing of the EUROPEAN CULTURAL DAYS of the ECB â€“ Bulgaria 2014,  bg  .  de  .  en  .  mt
09/12/2014 Speech: Peter Praet:  Current issues in monetary policy,  en
Summary
Current issues in monetary policy
Speech by Peter Praet, Member of the Executive Board of the ECB,
at the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington, DC,
9 December 2014
The ECB has responded forcefully to counter growing risks of a too prolonged period of low inflation. The current set of measures will enhance our monetary policy stance, incentivise bank lending, overcome remaining impairments in our transmission mechanism and underpin the firm anchoring of medium- to longer-term inflation expectations. Tentative evidence suggests that our credit easing package is delivering some tangible first benefits. But we need to remain vigilant as to whether the force of monetary stimulus already in the pipeline remains sufficient to reach our objective. If needed, one option for the ECB to ease the monetary policy stance further would be to extend its asset purchases towards other asset classes. Purchases of different asset classes will affect private sector financing conditions to varying degrees as they will activate different transmission channels and affect different spread components.
09/12/2014 Press release: ERPB to address instant payments in euro and remaining SEPA issues,  en
04/12/2014 Press conference: Mario Draghi:  Introductory statement to the press conference (with Q&A),  en
 
10/12/2014 - Statistical press release: Euro area securities issues statistics,    144 kB,  en
03/12/2014 - Statistical press release: MFI interest rate statistics,    118 kB,  en
 
16/12/2014 Working paper no. 1750: How do financial institutions forecast sovereign spreads?, by Jacopo Cimadomo , Peter Claeys , et al.

Pernod Ricard closing sales gap with USLPernod Ricard closing sales gap with USL
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Liquor maker Pernod Ricard is closing in on bigger rival United Spirits Ltd (USL) in sales, thanks to an uncertainty at the latter.
Pernod, the maker of the Royal Stag and Imperial Blue whiskies, has mostly been a profitable company in India but was considered small in sales terms. That is changing now, gradually.
In the financial year ended March, Pernod Ricard registered gross turnover of Rs 8,614.5 crore, 19.37 per cent higher than the previous year’s Rs 7,216.4 crore, according to data sourced from analysts tracking the liquor industry and closely following Pernod Ricard. The company is not listed in India. Net sales has been assumed at half of this at Rs 4,307.2 crore for FY14 versus Rs 3,608.2 crore the previous year.
By comparison, the consolidated net sales of USL, India’s largest liquor manufacturer, fell marginally during the period — from Rs 10,748 crore in 2012-13 to Rs 10,615 crore in 2013-14.
In terms of bottom lines, Pernod’s net profit grew 18.3 per cent over the previous year to Rs 810.3 crore in 2013-14. During this period, USL, struggling with operations in a weak market, reported a loss of Rs 4,489 crore. The company is now controlled by British liquor giant Diageo, which is attempting to clean up its books after auditors and minority shareholders questioned USL’s accounting practices.
On November 28, minority shareholders of USL rejected as many as nine of the 12 resolutions tabled at the company’s annual general meeting.
Among the rejected proposals were USL’s pacts with entities connected to the erstwhile promoter Vijay Mallya. This included pacts dated September 30, 2011 and December 22, 2011 between USL and United Breweries Holdings  Ltd (UBHL) that required UBHL to sell to the firm certain immovable properties.
Shareholders also rejected a loan agreement between USL and UBHL, dated July 3, 2013, and did not approve a licensing proposal tabled by USL to manufacture and distribute Diageo’s ‘Bottled in India’ products. The licensing agreement, said analysts, was a key one since it would have added Rs 600 crore to USL’s turnover, something it badly needs at this stage. Its earnings before interest and tax would have improved by around Rs 60-70 crore, analysts said.
Some other resolutions that did not get the nod included a services agreement, dated July 3, 2013, between USL and Kingfisher Finvest India; and sponsorship pacts, dated June 11, 2013, between USL and United Racing & Bloodstock Breeders, besides another between USL and United Mohun Bagan Football Team Pvt Ltd.
The company is expected to go back to shareholders to again seek their approval on all special resolutions, in an extraordinary general meeting likely to be called in 45 days.
In July 2014, Diageo had increased its stake in USL to 54.8 per cent from 28.8 per cent earlier, after its second open offer to public shareholders was fully subscribed. Following this open offer, the world’s largest spirits company, had spent nearly $3 billion (or Rs 18,000 crore) over 2013 and 2014 to acquire an over 50 per cent stake in USL.
In 2013, after buying a 25.04 per cent stake in USL, which triggered the mandatory open offer, Diageo had seen just 0.4 per cent of the company’s shareholders tendering their shares — in one of the weakest open offers that year. In 2013, Unilever’s open offer for HUL was subscribed 67 per cent, and GlaxoSmithKline’s offers for GSK Consumer Healthcare and GSK Pharma was subscribed 92 per cent and 100 per cent, respectively.
Diageo, however, is preparing to push its brands aggressively in India, following the acquisition of a controlling stake in USL. The company had in August launched a premium variant of its popular Smirnoff vodka, Smirnoff Black, and then followed it up with the launch of a pre-mixed vodka, Smirnoff Ice. The company also sells brands like Johnnie Walker, Guinness beer and VAT 69.

Conservative Party conferenceWhat would a Conservative government do for you?
By Kristiina Cooper Political reporter, BBC News
The next general election will take place in just under eight months. So, what did we learn about Conservative policies at the party's annual conference this week?
The Conservatives are promising income tax cuts for all - but they might not be for a while...
The plan is for tax to start kicking in at £12,500 a year, instead of £10,500. That means no income tax at all for one million people. And a tax cut for 30 million - that's basically every taxpayer. It'll cost £5.6bn. The number-crunchers were quick to ask where such a big sum is going to come from. The answer is that cash will be freed up when there's more coming into Treasury's coffers than going out. When will that be? The Conservatives reckon they could eradicate the deficit - and even have a surplus - by 2018. A tax cut would follow by the end of the next parliament. That's 2020.
The Conservatives say that public sector workers - like police officers - are being dragged into higher rate tax
There's another tax cut in the offing - for higher earners...
David Cameron's big surprise was the promise that the higher tax rate, 40%, would start at £50,000 instead of £41,900 (again by 2020).  A big gain for the better paid, with the cost to the Treasury around £1.6bn. Again, the Conservatives say it would be paid for by balancing the books via further spending cuts.
One more to go... the Conservatives are to reduce tax on inherited pensions...
It may have passed you by but there's a tax of 55% on some pension pots, when the owner of the pot dies.  The Conservatives are abolishing this "death tax" on any remaining pension pot, which means more money for relatives and £150 million in lost income for the Treasury. It's actually being introduced next April - just before the election.
Enough tax cuts... what about cuts to public spending?
The Conservatives would make further cuts of around £25bn to public spending. They say it's the best way to finish the job of eliminating the deficit (the gap between the nation's income and outgoings).
A lot of money...where is the axe going to fall?
A Conservative government wouldn't increase benefits for working-age people for two years. That means less money for people receiving jobseekers' allowance, income support, tax credits and child benefit. Two thirds of the people affected have got a job. They rely on income support and tax credits to boost the low wages paid by their employers. The Conservatives say the benefit "freeze" would save about £3bn.
Benefit cap cut...
The maximum amount a household could claim each year would be reduced from £26,000 to £23,000.  Jobseeker's allowance would be withdrawn from young people after six months unless they take part in "community projects". And 18 to 21-year-olds wouldn't be entitled to housing benefit.
More apprenticeships..
The savings from these benefit cuts would be used to pay for three million apprenticeships for young people and some people, like White Dee (of TV Benefits Street fame) liked the plan to introduce pre-paid benefits cards to ensure claimants can't spend that money on alcohol, drugs or gambling.
No cuts to the NHS
Not wanting Labour to be seen as the defender of the NHS, the Conservatives promise not to seek savings in the health budget. There are promises of better services too. In England, everyone would be able to see a GP seven days a week by 2020. The Conservatives say they'll recruit 5,000 more doctors.
Away from money matters... the Conservatives are staking their claim to be the party of law and order...
A Conservative government would introduce banning orders and extremism disruption orders - or EXDOs. A banning order could be used to outlaw a group that incites hatred or causes fear. EXDOs are based on ASBOs. They would stop "disruptive" individuals from speaking in public or holding a position of authority. There would also be a new law setting out victims' rights.
The police would be able to get hold of internet data...
The Home Secretary Theresa May would bring in new laws to make it easier for the police to collect information about internet activity by suspected criminals. There are some forms of data that internet service providers don't obtain or store. The Conservatives are promising a Communications Data Act, requiring companies to start storing certain types of information.
And on affairs of state...
The Conservatives have several bold constitutional moves on the agenda. They'd introduce English-only votes on English matters in Parliament. On Europe, David Cameron is promising to renegotiate agreements on the free movement of people. There would be an in/out referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union. And the Conservatives would get rid of the Human Rights Act, introducing a British Bill of Rights instead.
More on This Story

delivers his annual State of the NationPresident Putin urges Russian resilience for hard times
President Putin: "The times we are facing are hard and difficult"
Russia 'has more than just oil and gas' Watch
President Vladimir Putin has warned Russians of hard times ahead and urged self-reliance, in his annual state-of-the nation address to parliament.
Russia has been hit hard by falling oil prices and by Western sanctions imposed in response to its interventions in the crisis in neighbouring Ukraine.
The rouble, once a symbol of stability under Mr Putin, suffered its biggest one-day decline since 1998 on Monday.
The government has warned that Russia will fall into recession next year.
Speaking to both chambers in the Kremlin, Mr Putin also accused Western governments of seeking to raise a new "iron curtain" around Russia.
He expressed no regrets for annexing Ukraine's Crimea peninsula, saying the territory had a "sacred meaning" for Russia.
A Ukrainian soldier fires a cannon close to Donetsk airport this week
He insisted the "tragedy" in Ukraine's south-east had proved that Russian policy had been right but said Russia would respect its neighbour as a brotherly country.
Speaking in Basel in Switzerland later, US Secretary of State John Kerry said the West did not seek confrontation with Russia.
"No-one gains from this confrontation... It is not our design or desire that we see a Russia isolated through its own actions," Mr Kerry said.
Russia could rebuild trust, he said, by withdrawing support for separatists in eastern Ukraine.
Analysis: BBC's Sarah Rainsford in Moscow
The final draft of Vladimir Putin's annual speech is written by the president himself. It is his view of the state of the Russian nation and outlines his priorities for the year ahead.
So it's telling that Mr Putin chose to stress his unwavering hard line on the crisis in Ukraine: what happened in Kiev was an "illegal coup" and Crimea, which Russia annexed, is like "holy land" for Russia and will always be treated that way.
Vladimir Putin again accused the West of meddling in Russia's internal affairs and using sanctions to "contain" the country as it grew stronger and more independent. His response was a rallying-cry to Russians to pull together for the good of their country.
That included a remarkable call for a one-off amnesty on the return of Russian capital stashed offshore. But people here are starting to feel the economic consequences of their president's defiance, through sanctions. For those who are worried, this speech probably offered little reassurance.
Mr Putin's speech came amid continued volatility in the value of the rouble.
The currency slid almost 9% against the dollar on Monday, before rallying after a suspected central bank intervention.
But on Thursday it weakened again as Mr Putin's speech failed to impress investors. At 14:30 GMT it was 1.6% lower on the day against the dollar.
A bureau de change in Moscow shows the latest rouble rate
"Not seeing any new big ideas in this speech which are going to help the Russian economy, or ease market pressure on Russian assets," Standard Bank analyst Tim Ash said in a note. "This is old school, Cold War stuff."
Over the past year, the rouble has lost around 40% of its value against the dollar and inflation is expected to reach 10% early next year.
Russians are believed to have taken more than $100bn (£64bn; €81bn) out of the country this year and Mr Putin promised an amnesty for anyone choosing to bring their money back.
He said that they would face no questions over how they had earned it.
Other economic measures Mr Putin outlined included:
A four-year freeze on tax rates to help businesses
A drive by the central bank and government to combat "speculators"
Lending by the National Welfare Fund on favourable terms to major banks.
Sanction 'stimulus'
Falling oil prices have affected Russia because of the country's reliance on energy exports. Russia's estimate of the cost of sanctions and falling oil prices is $140bn a year.
Mr Putin foresaw budget cuts of at least 5% over the next three years but hoped to see a return to above-average economic growth within "three to four years".
A woman irons clothes as Vladimir Putin speaks from a TV screen in Moscow
President Putin was once admired for keeping the rouble rate stable
Russian marines at a parade in Crimea last week
Stressing that Russia remained "open for the world", Mr Putin suggested Western sanctions should be seen as a stimulus.
"We have a huge internal market and resources... capable, intelligent people," he said. "Our people have demonstrated national strength, patriotism - and the difficulties we are facing create new opportunities".
Condemning the "pure cynicism" of the West, he suggested that even if Crimea had not been annexed, the West would have come up with a different pretext to impose sanctions to contain Russia's resurgence.
Russia, he said, would not enter an "expensive arms race" but would provide its own security.
Mr Putin said: "There is no doubt they would have loved to see the Yugoslavia scenario of collapse and dismemberment for us - with all the tragic consequences it would have for the peoples of Russia. This has not happened. We did not allow it."
President Putin remains popular, the BBC's Steve Rosenberg reports. One opinion poll this week suggested that 72% of Russians still approved of the way he was running the country.
More on This Story

Nikkei rises a 5th straight day on weak yen  US economic optimismNikkei rises a 5th straight day on weak yen  US economic optimism
The politics of oil prices: Does OPEC still have a hold over crude pricesThe politics of oil prices: Does OPEC still have a hold over crude prices?
Malini Bhupta | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 10:33 PM IST
Conspiracy theories abound when it comes to the price movement in crude oil prices.
Brent crude oil price is down to $70, less than a week after the cartel of oil producing countries (OPEC) refused to cut back oil production from 30 million barrels per day, even though it had hinted at the possibility of an output cut of 300,000 barrels before its 27 November meeting. Oil analysts have cut their forecasts for the next two years, following the OPEC’s decision not to trim supplies. According to CLSA, it is becoming increasingly clear that there is a race to the bottom on price, as a lack of OPEC production cut appears to be aimed at driving prices lower, and squeezing the marginal producer out. The Asia focused brokerage has trimmed its 2015 and 2016 crude forecasts to $85 and $90 per barrel, respectively. Goldman Sachs also expects Brent Crude to end 2015 at $85/barrel.
While slack demand and increased supplies is a primary reason for  declining oil prices, plenty of political theories too are swirling around at the moment. CLSA believes that the OPEC wants to squeeze out the marginal producers in North America, who have varying costs of production and the oil cartel is betting on a break-even of $60-70 per barrel. So by not cutting output, it has actively driven prices to new lows, which will make these oil producers unviable. If oil prices sustain below $70/bbl non-OPEC oil production may be forced to scale back.
Other oil experts, however, believe that there is a shift in global oil dynamics, primarily because non-OPEC producers have stepped up production. Barclays says that in the last 10 years, average crude oil prices rose four fold and OPEC's revenues last year were approximately $1.4 trillion, more than five times greater than in 2002. Demand for OPEC oil peaked in 2011 at around 31 million barrels per day and that that it will fall to 29.2million barrels/day this year and then to 28.7mn b/d in 2015, says Barclays. In the second quarter of next year, it could fall to less than 28m b/d.
The OPEC Board has chosen not cut oil production in 30 million barrels per day because it does not want to lose more marketshare believe others. The Commodities Research desk at Barclays says: “Several theories have been put forward to explain Saudi Arabia’s response in the face of falling oil prices but we think it is very unlikely that it is keeping oil output high in order to lower prices and hurt regional rivals or undermine the profitability of US tight oil producers.” Analysts believe that Saudi Arabia, a dominant OPEC producer, now has a limited ability to influence global oil prices.

Govt forms panel to check trade-based money launderingGovt forms panel to check trade-based money laundering
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 02:38 PM IST
To curb the menace of illicit fund flows, the government has set up a high level panel that will look into trade-based money laundering activities which particularly involve manipulation of invoices.
Director General (DG) Central Economic Intelligence Bureau (CEIB) will be convener of the committee, which was step up recently to suggest steps to check trade-based money laundering activities.
"A committee has been formed to study modalities of this (trade based) money laundering and device methods to deal with problems on how it happens and develop models and ways of dealing with it," an official said.
This is part of the government's efforts to clamp down on black money generation by Indian entities both within and outside the country.
The committee consists of DG Central Economic Intelligence Bureau (CEIB), DG Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), Enforcement Directorate, Director Financial Intelligence Unit and CBDT investigation wing.
The official said the committee will develop and crystallise indicators - on what kind of transactions - study and identify red flags if something is wrong.
Besides, it is entrusted with flow of meaningful information among agencies, filtering the information and passing it on to relevant organisation, the official added.
Trade based money laundering is over or under invoicing based on whether some entities want to take money from India abroad or bring illegal money from outside and make it legal.
Secondly, it also involves activity such as money remittances made abroad through banks channels but when the import never materialises.
With liberalisation and expansion of economy, unscrupulous elements have also changed the method of tax evasion and avoidance.
"The world is also now obliterating the distinction between avoidance and evasion," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said at the inauguration of the 2nd Regional Customs Enforcement Meeting here today.
"We have entered the world of free trade and the essential pre-requisite of any free trade is fair trade but then when fairness ceases to happen, it is such institution (DRI) (that) step in. There are various reasons why fairness ceases to happen," he added.

Nine killed in Grozny gun battleLast updated: December 4, 2014 6:10 pm
Grozny terror attack shatters fragile stability in Chechnya
Kathrin Hille and Jack Farchy — Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94a956ec-7b90-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Interesting regional stamp duty viewHouse price growth slows in November, says the Halifax
Stamp duty changes came into effect on Thursday, affecting those buying a home
Stamp duty changes : How will they work?
The annual growth in UK house prices slowed to 8.2% in November compared with 8.8% in October, according to the latest figures from the Halifax.
The lender, part of Lloyds Banking Group, said that property prices were 0.4% higher last month than they were in October.
The price of the average home in the UK was £186,941.
The figures come on the same day that an overhaul of the stamp duty system takes effect.
About three-quarters of all property buyers in England and Wales in the 12 months to the end of September faced a stamp duty bill, the Halifax said.
"The average homeowner will be financially better off under the new structure and the changes should encourage more movement in the housing market as transactional costs will be reduced for many," said Stephen Noakes, of the Halifax.
Matthew Pointon, property economist at Capital Economics, said the change could provide a temporary "second wind" to house prices.
Under the old system, that ended on 3 December, buyers were charged stamp duty in the UK as a percentage of the whole of the property price. Chancellor George Osborne said it was an "outdated, badly designed" system.
Now, the new rates of stamp duty will only apply to the amount of the purchase price that falls within the particular duty band, making it more like income tax.
The system will operate across the UK until April, after which Scotland will break off to use its own system.
Regionally, in England and Wales, there is a large variation in the amount of stamp duty that is paid, according to calculations by the Halifax.
For example, 98% of homebuyers in London paid stamp duty in the year to September, compared with about 50% in the North and North West of England.
'No boom'
Average stamp duty - by region
Region

HMRC has a handy calculatorStamp Duty Land Tax calculator
This calculator can be used for residential property or non-residential property.
The calculator works out the Stamp Duty Land Tax (SDLT) you'll have to pay for residential purchases (including lease premium) using new rules effective from 4 December 2014. It also shows how much SDLT is due under the previous rules and for non-residential purchases.
Please complete all the sections below. You can't enter a value for both the 'Residential' and 'Non-residential' property purchase price, so please enter a zero in the one that doesn't apply to you.
Effective date of purchase (dd/mm/yyyy)
(Normally the completion date or, in Scotland, the settlement date)
Residential property purchase price
Non-residential property purchase price (including mixed purchases)
£

ONGC to Acquire Stake in Two Siberian Oilfields: ReportSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) will next week sign a deal to acquire stake in two Siberian oilfields during Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to India.
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state explorer, will sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for acquiring the stake in Vankor and Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye fields, government officials said.
The MoU is part of Putin's energy engagement as he seeks to expand trade links with Asian nations to counter sanctions from the US and its allies.
Putin is set to arrive here on December 11.
Russia's biggest oil company Rosneft has offered to sell 10 per cent stake in the strategic Vankor oilfield in Siberia to OVL.
In September, Rosneft had sold 10 per cent stake in the Vankor cluster fields in northern Siberia to China's CNPC for about $1 billion.
Vankor is the largest field to have been discovered and brought into production in Russia in the last 25 years. As of January 1, 2014, the initial recoverable reserves in the Vankor field are estimated at 500 million tonnes of oil and condensate, and 182 billion cubic meters of gas.
Sources said OVL is doing due diligence on the proposal and will make an offer post that.
Vankor will reach peak output of 500,000 barrels per day or 25 million tonnes a year in 2019. The field, which has driven recent Russian output growth, pumped 435,000 bpd in September.
Russia is the world's top oil producer with current output of 10.5 million bpd but its key producing region - West Siberia - is maturing.
Besides Vankor, Rosneft has also made a proposal to OVL for joint development of Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye oilfield in eastern Siberia.
The field is estimated to hold 991 million barrels of oil equivalent reserves and is planned to start production in 2017. Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye will reach a production plateau of up to 5 million tonnes a year (100,000 barrels per day) in 2019.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 16:08 (IST)

Kunal Khemu - Soha Ali Khan to tie the knot on January 25By: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 3:38 pm
It’s celebration time in the Khan and Khemu parivar. Soha Ali Khan and Kunal Khemu who got engaged in July this year have decided to take their relationship to the next level, early next year.
Yes, the couple has decided to tie the knot. The date chosen is January 25.
Says a source, “Kunal and Soha are getting married on January 25. But they are keeping it very simple. There will be just the immediate family and a few close friends.” However, a close friend of the couple laughs off the “simple wedding” plans as pure wishful thinking.
“How can a wedding in the Khan-Tagore parivar be simple? Even the Saif Ali Khan – Kareena Kapoor wedding was meant to be attended by just a selected few. Soha and Kunal have planned an austere wedding on January 25. But we feel it will finally turn into a big fat wedding,” says the friend.
Let’s wish the lovely couple a lifetime of blissful togetherness.

What will push India towards high growth 5-Is  says MacquaireDefence and Railways sectors
(According to Macquaire,…)
NEW DELHI: While acknowledging that the underlying momentum of economic activity remains mixed, Macquaire Research in its latest report 'India Strategy Outlook 2015: From Promise to Performance', highlights five essential factors that will help India move to higher growth path.
"From being amongst the least preferred markets more than a year ago, India has climbed up the charts to being amongst the most preferred markets to invest in," said Macquaire. According to Macquaire, the 5Is that would drive India's growth are - Infra, Interest Rates, 'India made', Indirect tax reforms and Internet.
According to Rakesh Arora, MD and Head of Research at Macquaire, the Indian economy is likely to start growing in the 7-8% range FY17 onwards. "We see a 5.4% growth rate in this financial year and 6.5% in FY16. From FY17 onwards the economy should start growing at 7% plus rate," Arora told Economictimes.com.
We take a look at the 5-Is that Macquaire Research has outlined in its report and the rationale for citing them as key drivers of India's economic growth:
1) Infrastructure: According to Rakesh Arora, "Infrastructure is a key focus area for the new government. Within infrastructure we are bullish on roads, railways and transportation." "The government has announced a target of building 30 km of roads per day, we are hoping that things will pick up drastically soon," Arora told Economictimes.com.
"National Highways Authority of India has already lined up close to $10 billion of projects awards to be done over the next 3-6 months," states the Macquaire report.
"Railways and urban metro projects are additional areas slated to receive priority under the new government. Pace of activity on dedicated freight corridor and key rail links for coal evacuation should pick up in 2015," the report adds. Arora told Economictimes.com that with Suresh Prabhu taking charge, Indian Railways is expected to turnaround in a big way.
2) Interest Rates: Industry has been widely calling for a rate cut from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and Macquaire lists this as one key factor in driving India's economic growth.
"Infrastructure and capital goods firms are highly leveraged. A rate cut by the RBI - when it happens - is is going to have a very important impact," Arora said, while elaborating on the importance of a rate cut from the central bank. "RBI rate cut will have a chain impact. For the calendar year 2015, we expect the central bank to go in for 100 basis points cut," Arora added.
Arora feels that with international oil prices plunging, inflation will continue its downward trajectory. "The oil price fall is not temporary. We don't see oil crossing $100 mark anytime in the near future," Arora said when asked if crude prices will continue to be benign.
3) India Made: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's focus on 'Make in India' is likely to be a vital aspect in India's growth potential in the coming years. "The manufacturing sector's share of overall GDP has stagnated over the past few years around the 15% level. Manufacturing will likely play a bigger role in driving incremental growth for India, in our view," said Macquaire in its report.
"Opening up FDI in sectors such as Defence has given credence to the government's 'Make in India' pitch. Growth in the manufacturing sector would also help increase India's share of world exports (currently less than 2% as of 2013)," the report adds.
Rakesh Arora feels that currently a lot of progress has been made in making 'Make in India' a reality in the Defence and Railways sectors . "However, these things, the projects will take some time to pick up. Some progress has already been made, though," Arora told Economictimes.com.
4) Indirect Tax Reforms: Industry is widely looking forward to the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) and Macquaire also sees it as a crucial factor in upping India's growth rate. "According to NCAER, a comprehensive GST implementation could increase India's GDP within a range of 0.9% to 1.7% in the short-medium term following rollout. At the same time, the implementation of GST would address the barriers on the movement of goods between states, which in turn would improve the efficiency of transport logistics," Macquaire's report said.
Arora is of the opinion that with GST rollout, costs related to logistics would come down significantly. He hopes that the GST Bill will be tabled in the Parliament this season and should be implemented by FY17. "Over three to four years, GST should help increase GDP growth by about 1-2%," Arora said.
5) Internet: Macquaire sees e-commerce as an upcoming trend. "With rising income levels amongst middle-class Indians, an increasing internet penetration rate, the current low levels of online e-commerce activity and the development of the ancillary logistics and payments industries to drive online purchasing activity, we believe there is huge potential for spending growth via this channel," Macquaire's report said.
"The number of Indians on the internet and using e-commerce is still pretty low at the moment, which presents a unique opportunity where rising internet usage leads to higher spending on the e-commerce platform," the report added.
"In India, the internet penetration is very high. I don't see any bottlenecks to availability of internet on a pan-India scale," Arora said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Record Aadhaar number of pensioners: Govt to...Aadhaar number
(The move is a part of government's…)
NEW DELHI: Banks have been asked to obtain Aadhaar and mobile numbers of all central government pensioners as part of an endeavour to provide digital life certificates to them and ensure easy disbursement of pension.
The Centre has also emphasised on a special drive by Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) to ensure that all central government pensioners get Aadhaar, a 12-digit unique identification number which acts as a proof of identity and address, anywhere in the country.
The move is a part of government's initiative of providing 'Aadhaar based digital life certificate for pensioners'.
A meeting was held recently with representatives of various banks by Secretary, (Pension), under Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions, on matters related to the implementation of digital life certificate scheme, which was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on November 10.
Pensioners can now digitally provide proof of their existence to authorities for continuity of pension every year instead of requiring to present themselves physically or through a life certificate issued by designated authorities.
"They (banks) were also informed that all banks are required to collect mobile numbers and Aadhaar numbers of the pensioners under the e-KYC norms, as it is an important ingredient of the 'Digital India' initiative of the government.
"Secretary (Pension) emphasised that this is being monitored in the government at the highest level, since for policy purpose, data of pensioners is very important, including where they are located.
"As the banks are at the forefront in respect of Information Technology, hence all the banks could easily complete the task within the time-limits prescribed," according to the minutes of the meeting.
There are about 50 lakh central government pensioners.
The banks were informed that compilation of pensioners' data will be a regular feature and it will be reviewed at least once every year, the minutes said.
"They were advised to obtain Aadhaar number and mobile number from any transaction made by the pensioner and cross-populate the pensioner's database with it.
"They should also circulate to the pensioners to intimate their Aadhaar numbers at the earliest possible and take initiative in coordination with the UIDAI to get Aadhaar numbers issued on priority to those pensioners who as yet have not received one," it said.
The Department of Financial Services (DFS) has also been asked to ensure that all account numbers in the banks stand be converted into 16 digit numbers immediately, so as to facilitate easy conversion.
The matter of issuance of remarriage certificate was also discussed during the meeting.
"It was agreed to introduce self certificate in view of recent measures taken by Government of India," the minutes said. Concerned authorities was asked to ensure that necessary upgradation is done in the software made for the purpose of issuing digital life certificates for pensioners. "A similar logic would apply to re-employment certificate," it said.
The DFS agreed to issue a circular to the banks stating that digital life certificate is not mandatory but is an additional option for the pensioner.
It was agreed that adequate publicity be given throughout the country and particularly in the remote areas of the country regarding the digital life certificate scheme.
Thus, the advertisement prepared by the Department of Electronics and Information Technology shall be given due publicity by the railways and the banks, so as to reach the pensioner in the interiors of the country, the minutes said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

As recently as October the Bank sBank of England says keep interest rates low for now
Productivity needs to improve and wages to rise, says Andrew Haldane
Economy tracker: GDP
Interest rates should remain low to avoid long-term economic stagnation, the chief economist at the Bank of England has said.
Andrew Haldane said in a speech he was downbeat over the UK economy because of weaker global growth, low wage growth and financial and political risks.
"Put in rather plainer English, I am gloomier," Mr Haldane said.
"This implies interest rates could remain lower for longer, certainly than I had expected three months ago."
'Agony and ecstasy'
Global markets have tumbled this week, with investors disconcerted at the lack of growth in Europe and especially Greece, the impact of Ebola, and worrying economic data from China and the US.
Previously, UK interest rates had been expected to rise early next year.
Mr Haldane made his remarks at a speech to local business leaders in Kenilworth, where he described the UK's economy as "writhing in both agony and ecstasy".
He said there were still plenty of reasons to be cheerful. Growth is set to be the fastest of any major economy this year and inflation and borrowing costs are low, he said.
However, he said the "reasons to be fearful" included productivity and wages, which had not risen.
"If there is genuine uncertainty about the path of the economy, the optimal policy response may be to avoid the worst outcomes," said Mr Haldane.
Sterling dropped 0.5% against the dollar following his remarks. Share trading on the London market has been volatile.
'Stormy waters'
Mr Haldane's caution about global economic prospects were echoed by the Chancellor, George Osborne, who told the BBC that the worldwide economy was "more unstable than it has been for some time".
Mr Osborne would not comment on Mr Haldane's remarks. But he said there were "a lot of global risks out there at the moment" affecting the international economy.
"Interest rates are entirely a matter for the independent Bank of England, the monetary policy committee there," Mr Osborne said.
He added: "I'll say this about the economy more generally - there are clearly a lot of global risks out there at the moment - we see these problems in the European economy, we've got this horrific disease Ebola in West Africa, all the problems in the Middle East and in the Ukrainian border.
"The global economy is more unstable than it has been for some time. That is all the more reason why in the UK we have to stick to the stability we have won."
He said it was important to "make sure Britain is well protected as we're in these stormy international economic waters".

Govt mulls splitting CMD post in PSU banks from 2015-16Dec 04, 2014, 04.40 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt mulls splitting CMD post in PSU banks from 2015-16
In line with private sector banks, there would be Managing Director and CEO with non-executive chairman. Earlier, bifurcation of the CMD's post was also suggested by Reserve Bank to the Finance Ministry.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt mulls splitting CMD post in PSU banks from 2015-16
In line with private sector banks, there would be Managing Director and CEO with non-executive chairman. Earlier, bifurcation of the CMD's post was also suggested by Reserve Bank to the Finance Ministry.
Post your opinion here
 
Government is likely to implement the proposal of bifurcating the post of Chairman and Managing Director in public sector banks from the next fiscal to strengthen corporate governance. The Finance Ministry is "actively considering" theproposal of splitting the CMD post in state-owned banks and it could be implemented from the next fiscal, sources said.
For the selection of non-executive chairman, a panel could be formed headed by Reserve Bank Governor, they added. Other members of the selection panel will include Financial Services Secretary and experts in the banking sector, they said. In line with private sector banks, there would be Managing Director and CEO with non-executive chairman. Earlier, bifurcation of the CMD's post was also suggested by Reserve Bank to the Finance Ministry.
RBI had contented that CMDs of public sector banks enjoy absolute power along with boards. The central bank had also said CMDs often dominate the board during their tenure and therefore it also recommended that the post of CMDs be separated to empower the board. In PSBs, the top executive is designated as CMD, with the exception of the largest lender State Bank of India, where the top position is commanded by the Chairman and there are four Managing Directors with clearly defined executive roles under them.
The posts of Chairman and MD in the private sector are held separately. RBI had set up a committee under the chairmanship of A S Ganguly in 2004-05 to study the issue of bifurcation of the post of Chairman and Managing Director in banks. The panel had recommended the bifurcation. Private sector banks in 2007 implemented this recommendations.
In August,  Syndicate Bank CMD S K Jain was arrested for allegedly receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh to enhance credit limits of  Bhushan Steel and Prakash Industries . Besides, some officials of  Oriental Bank of Commerce and  Dena Bank were suspected of misappropriating funds worth Rs 436 crore from their fixed deposit customers.
Syndicate Bank stock price
On December 10, 2014, Syndicate Bank closed at Rs 117.20, down Rs 8.7, or 6.91 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 179.10 and the 52-week low was Rs 77.95.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 25.46 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 4.6. The latest book value of the company is Rs 189.63 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.62.
RELATED NEWS

Appeals Court Orders Texas To Hold Off On Execution Of Severely Mentally Ill ManAppeals Court Orders Texas To Hold Off On Execution Of Scott Panetti
Posted:
reddit
Scott Panetti was scheduled to be executed on Dec. 3. (AP Photo/Texas Department of Criminal Justice)
WASHINGTON -- Less than 12 hours before the state of Texas was set to execute Scott Panetti, an appeals court issued a stay Wednesday morning, meaning Panetti's lawyers will have another chance to argue that the death penalty is unconstitutional in their client's case.
Panetti, 56, is on death row for the 1992 murder of his in-laws, whom he killed while his wife and daughter were watching. He has suffered from schizophrenia and other mental illnesses for over 30 years and been hospitalized more than a dozen times.
The execution was scheduled for 6 p.m. CST Wednesday. Panetti's supporters have argued that his sentence should be commuted to life in prison because putting him to death would violate the Eighth Amendment, which bars cruel and unusual punishment.
Now, Panetti's lawyers will have another opportunity to argue their case. As BuzzFeed reported, the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued a stay of execution Wednesday morning "to allow us to fully consider the late arriving and complex legal questions at issue in this matter." The court said it will be setting a schedule for oral arguments soon.
"We are grateful that the court stayed tonight’s scheduled execution of Scott Panetti, a man who has suffered from schizophrenia for three decades, for a careful review of the issues surrounding his competency," said Gregory W. Wiercioch and Kathryn M. Kase, Panetti's attorneys, in a statement Wednesday.
"Mr. Panetti's illness, schizophrenia, was present for years prior to the crime, profoundly affected his trial, and appears to have worsened in recent years. Mr. Panetti has not had a competency evaluation in seven years, and we believe that today's ruling is the first step in a process which will clearly demonstrate that Mr. Panetti is too severely mentally ill to be executed," they added.
The Texas Tribune reported on Monday that Kase and Wiercioch had asked the circuit court to intervene in the case, in addition to going to the U.S. Supreme Court. But the strongest pressure has been on Gov. Rick Perry (R). Unlike in other states, the Texas governor can't single-handedly commute a prisoner's sentence. Perry could, however, have ordered Panetti's execution to be delayed for 30 days so that a new mental health assessment could be conducted.
Panetti's case has attracted support from mental health reform advocates and death penalty opponents, as well as from a number of well-known conservatives. Former Texas Rep. Ron Paul and former Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli are among the conservatives who have been calling on Perry to step in.
"Texas was about to cross a line by executing a severely mentally ill man," said Mark Hyden, national coordinator for Conservatives Concerned About the Death Penalty, in a statement after the court's announcement. "A wide array of conservative and faith leaders have spoken out in record numbers about this case. We have made it abundantly clear that numerous conservatives and Evangelicals view executing those who are mentally ill as a violation of our values as Americans. Conservatives have demonstrated we are firmly part of what appears to be a national consensus against executing people who are mentally ill.”
Former Texas Gov. Mark White (D), who oversaw 19 executions while in office, has also said Panetti should not be killed.
"There are incredibly close and difficult calls that have to be made to either allow or prohibit the death penalty from being carried out," said White. "But Scott Panetti's plea for clemency is no such case. He is a severely mentally ill man. His trial was a sham . And executing Panetti would say far more about us than it would about the man we are attempting to kill."
During his trial, Panetti represented himself while wearing a purple cowboy costume. He tried to subpoena more than 200 witnesses, including John F. Kennedy and Jesus Christ. Prosecutors have suggested that Panetti is faking his illness .
Wiercioch and Kase have been especially upset about the way they found out their client's execution date . A judge signed an order on Oct. 16 of this year that set Panetti's execution date for Dec. 3, but the district attorney never notified the lawyers that their client had been scheduled to be put to death. Instead, they learned about the pending execution on Oct. 30, through an article in the Houston Chronicle.
" Fourteen days passed during which counsel could have been investigating the issues surrounding Mr. Panetti’s competence -- issues which the District Attorney surely knew would have to be litigated to ensure that Mr. Panetti’s execution would not violate the Eighth Amendment," Wiercioch and Kase wrote in a letter to Perry Monday, in which they requested a 30-day delay.
This is a breaking news story and will continue to be updated.
Want more updates from Amanda? Sign up for her newsletter, Piping Hot Truth.
Enter your email address:
More:

Rahul Gandhi attacks Prime Minister Modis style offunctioningBy: Press Trust of India | Amethi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:36 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 5:39 pm
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Thursday attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s style of functioning, saying that he wants complete power in his hands.
“Prime Ministerji has a different thinking… that he has complete power in his hands… that the entire country is run by sitting in Delhi and all works are carried out and the entire development is supervised from Delhi,” Gandhi, who attended a function to mark 10th anniversary of Indira Gandhi Eye Hospital in Munshiganj area in Amethi, said.
“On the other hand, my thinking is that people should get benefits of Panchayti Raj, MNREGA, Right to Information and Right to Food and Education,” said Gandhi who is on a two-day visit to his constituency.
“This is the difference between the thinking of those in power and ours. We want to give power and strengthen women and youths,” he said.
“The government said that all the MPs select one village each in their respective constituencies, and I also adopted Jagdishpur but my constituency has 750 other villages and I think all the 750 villages should be developed as model villages,” he noted.
Downplaying US President Barack Obama’s praise for Modi’s efforts to shake up the “bureaucratic inertia” in India, the Congress Vice President said, “Praises are a different thing… people should know the truth. I believe in working… poor should get the benefit,” he added.
Earlier, Gandhi visited the Indira Gandhi Eye Hospital on its 10th anniversary and enquired about the well-being of the patients undergoing treatment there.
“In a government survey conducted in Uttar Pradesh some time ago, Indira Gandhi Eye Hospital stood first and it is my aim that this hospital becomes one of the the best hospitals of the world,” he said.
He said as many as 15 lakh patients have been examined and two lakhs operated upon in the hospital. Two of its branches have been opened in Lucknow and Haryana and another will soon be opened in Gurgaon.
Rahul also laid the foundation stone of a community college in Munshiganj to be set up by Rajiv Gandhi Charitable Trust.

Arun Jaitleys borders cannot be redrawn remark far from reality  saysHurriyatBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:29 pm
Moderate Hurriyat Conference on Thursday took exception to Union Minister Arun Jaitley’s assertion that Jammu and Kashmir is an integral part of India and borders cannot be redrawn , saying his remarks are “far” from reality of the “disputed” nature of the state.
The separatist outfit also claimed that there was no connection between the Kashmir “issue” and the ongoing polls in the state.
“The statement of Jaitley is far from reality and historic and political perspective of the disputed nature of the state. There is no relation between the issue of Kashmir and the so called elections,” Hurriyat said in a statement here.
The statement came a day after the Union Finance Minister said in Srinagar that Pakistan must understand that boundaries with India cannot be redrawn as the state was an integral part of this country.
Hurriyat said the elections are meant for addressing administrative issues.
The outfit also claimed that public agitations of 2008 and 2010 should serve as an eye-opener for those thinking that by taking part in the electoral exercise people have shunned their “legitimate struggle”.
It also asked people to observe a complete strike on December 8 against Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit.
Meanwhile, Jammu and Kashmir High Court Bar Association (JKHCBA) also reacted strongly to the statement of Jaitley and said the Union minister is unaware of the Kashmir issue.
“JKHCBA strongly denounces the statement of Jaitley. The Bar Association feels that Jaitley like other Indian leaders does not perhaps know as to what the Kashmir issue is all about,” the Bar said in a statement here.
The Bar while inviting the Union minister for a debate, said Jaitley must also know that Kashmir has a historical perspective and no statement can, therefore, be made by anyone, in defiance of that historical perspective.
“The Bar Association hopes that Jaitley will accept the invitation and agree to a debate with the Bar Association on Kashmir issue on any date convenient to him,” it said.

My film not a biopic on Mamta Kulkarni:DirectorBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:28 pm
Photographer-turned-filmmaker Jayesh Seth, making his directorial debut with ‘Roll Sound Camera Action’, is planning to make a film inspired by former actress Mamta Kulkarni’s life but says that it is not a biopic.
He is considering Sunny Leone to essay the actress on the screen, but has not approached her yet.
“I want to clarify that my film is inspired by Mamta’s life, but it is not a biopic at all,” Seth told IANS.
Last month, Mamta, the lead actresses of films like ‘Karan Arjun’ and ‘China Gate’, hogged the limelight when it was reported that she was detained in Kenya with husband Vijay Goswami. The couple has reportedly been charged with drug trafficking.
“I have almost finished my script. In fact, I started writing the script even before Mamta’s news came up. The first name that struck me who can play Mamta was Sunny Leone, but I haven’t approached her so far.
“I have few other names as well, let’s see how things shape up. I will start shooting for the film from early 2015.”
Seth claims that he knew Mamta and her family and adds that she was very ambitious.
“I knew Mamta from day one. She was so new to the industry and she used to come with her mother and sister for shoots. She was from that typical Maharashtrian family. Her life has inspired me a lot as she was very innocent, ambitious, and wanted to take short cuts.
“She worked with top stars and suddenly there was a drastic change in her life. Since 1995 we lost touch,” said Seth.

SRFDCL brings Riverfront House to convince investors inSabarmatiWritten by Tanvir A Siddiqui | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:27 pm
The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation is soon coming up with their new project ‘Riverfront House’ in 2015. It will be the registered office of the Sabarmati River Front Development Corporation Ltd (SRFDCL) aimed at conveying a feel of activity to potential buyers of plots on 13 per cent land to be utilised for commercial purposes by private parties, according to D Thara, Municipal commissioner and managing director of SRFDCL.
Thara said on Thursday that the tender for designs was approved by the SRFDCL and other formalities would be followed soon to complete the building within stipulated time.
“The Ahmedbad based consultancy firm HPC Design, Planning and Management Pvt Ltd has been assigned the to do the design work,” she said, adding that the consultancy fees is yet to be decided..
HPC has done design projects like Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University, Gujarat Institute of Disaster Management, new campus of IIM-A, Eden Gardens Stadium of Kolkata, Aga Khan Academy of Hyderabad and Gujarat High Court building, to name a few.
“The building will be located in the prime business district area behind Vallabh Sadan portion of the water front. It is expected to showcase the commercial development potential of the river front lands to convince developers of investment avenues,” said civic Standing Committee chairman Pravin Patel.

No handwritten passports after November 24 ...You are here: Home > Collections > Passports
'November 24, 2015 deadline for phasing out handwritten passports'
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 05.48PM IST
Tags:
ICAO
(People holding handwritten…)
NEW DELHI: People holding handwritten passports may not be issued visas for international travel after November 24 next year, government today informed the RajyaSabha.
In a written reply to a question, Minister of State for External Affairs V K Singh said there are approximately 2.86 lakh handwritten passports in circulation as on date in the country.
"The International Civil Aviation Organisation ( ICAO ) has set a deadline of November 24 for globally phasing out of all non-machine readable passports.
"From November 25 onwards, foreign governments may deny visa or entry to any person travelling on a non-machine readable passport," he said replying to the question by DMK member Kanimozhi.
He said that the government started issuing machine- readable passports since 2001. "Therefore, passports issued before 2001 and particularly issued during mid-1990s with a validity of 20 years will fall in the category of non-machine readable passports."
Singh said that Indian citizens residing in India and abroad and holding handwritten passports as well as 20-year passports with validity beyond the November 24, 2015 have been advised through public notices and media campaign to apply for re-issue of their passports well before the deadline in order to avoid any inconvenience in obtaining foreign visa for international travel.
He was replying to a question on what steps has been taken by the Ministry of External Affairs for phasing out such passports.
Replying to a separate question by Independent member Parimal Nathwani on whether large number of applicants are facing difficulties in getting their passports or appointments by passport seva kendras (PSKs), the minister said that due to heavy demand for passports, there are a few PSKs, where appointments for normal category of passports are available after a few weeks.
"There was a temporary shortage of passport booklets, which created some backlog in issuance of passports which has since been addressed," Singh said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC reserves verdict on Mittal  Ruia spectrum...Supreme Court reserves verdict on pleas of Mittal, Ruia in spectrum case
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 05.20PM IST
Tags:
Ravi Ruia
(The Supreme Court today…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today reserved its verdict on pleas of Bharti Cellular Ltd CMD Sunil Bharti Mittal and Essar Group promoter Ravi Ruia against a trial court order summoning them as accused in a corruption case related to allocation of additional spectrum during NDA rule in 2002.
A three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu reserved the judgement after senior advocate F S Nariman, appearing for Mittal, concluded the arguments, saying that the trial court erred in summoning his client despite the fact that the CMD was not named as accused in the charge sheet.
"The Assistant Legal Adviser (CBI) said that only public servants be made accused. It was then CBI Director A P Singh who said that the companies can also be made accused," he said, adding that the trial judge went further and summoned Mittal as accused.
The Managing Director cannot be held "vicariously liable" for a criminal offence of a company unless there is evidence, he said.
Nariman told the bench, also comprising justices M B Lokur and A K Sikri, that there was "nothing unusual" in the alleged assertion that Mittal had meetings with then Telecom Minister Pramod Mahajan and then Telecom Secretary Shyamal Ghosh.
Earlier, CBI, which had not charged Mittal and Ruia, had defended the decision of a Special CBI judge to summon them as accused.
The court was hearing petitions seeking setting aside of an order of the Special CBI Judge by which Ruia and Mittal, whose name did not figure in CBI's charge sheet as accused, were summoned on March 19, last year.
The lower court had said that there was "enough material" to proceed against them in the case.
Earlier, Essar Group promoter Ravi Ruia had said that he was not connected with the day-to-day affairs of the accused company Sterling Cellular Ltd and he was wrongly summoned in the case.
Besides Mittal and Ruia, the lower court had also summoned Asim Ghosh, the then Managing Director of accused firm Hutchison Max Telecom Pvt Ltd. Ghosh was also not named as accused in the charge sheet.
FEATURED ARTICLES

As Hillary Clinton ponders 2016  Clinton-themed super PACs seek a piece of the actionBy Matea Gold December 4 Follow @mateagold
Hillary Rodham Clinton may not yet be ready to announce whether she'll launch a bid for the White House in 2016 just yet, but a growing crowd of political operatives are ready to to get in on the action of her expected candidacy right now.
Along with high-profile outside groups being run by Clinton allies such as Priorities USA Action and Ready for Hillary , there are more than a dozen other Clinton-specific super PACs registered with the Federal Election Commission – including three set up in the past six weeks.
Most have raised paltry sums or have not filed finance reports, but several are pulling in sizable donations and mobilizing supporters in support of -- or opposition to -- her potential presidential bid. Some have launched slick websites and started selling Clinton-themed merchandise, giving them the trappings of other well-established groups.
Their independent activities could contribute to a chaotic political environment for Clinton, who as a candidate would not be able to coordinate with super PACs working on her behalf.
Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill declined to comment.
The expanding cottage industry of pro-Clinton super PACs includes groups such as Faith Voters for Hillary , Hillary 2016  and Hillarypac.
Stand with Hillary PAC released this country tune supporting Hillary Clinton's potential campaign for president in 2016. (Stand with Hillary via YouTube)
The latest entrant, Stand With Hillary , says it will use social media to promote her image with Latinos and working families.
The California-based group is the project of Daniel Chavez, a longtime Democratic political operative, and media producer Miguel Orozco, who wrote a series of Latin-flavored songs  celebrating Barack Obama in the 2008 election.
The super PAC’s Web site features a three-minute music video of a country ballad called “Stand With Hillary,” written by Orozco. In the video, a young cowboy plays guitar and gazes lovingly at his wife and young daughter, as images of Clinton through the years flash by. At one point, he sings, “Let’s smash this ceiling,” and takes a sledgehammer to a large glass panel spray-painted with “2016.”
Chavez, who worked as a field organizer for Clinton’s 2008 campaign, said that he was inspired to start the super PAC by his wife and 32-year-old daughter, who are both also huge Clinton fans.
“She motivates my daughter to look for greater avenues to have a voice — that kind of inspiration is priceless,” he said.
Chavez said he also supports groups such as Ready for Hillary, but wanted to have his own venture.
“I’m pretty independent in how I like to work,” he said. “We just thought we could control our message.”
The operatives behind some of the other new Clinton-themed groups remain a mystery.
On its website, Blue Answer calls itself “a rapid-response communications PAC” set up by “a team of experienced marketing and communications professionals” to “combat the lies being spread by the conservative media.”
Its only apparent project is “Hillary Today” — a page featuring a large photo of Clinton and a request for supporters to donate between $20 and $500.
“Your contribution will be used to reach thousands of people and to help get Hillary elected,” says a statement on the donation page.
The super PAC’s treasurer, Jennifer May, declined to comment on who is running the group and what it plans to do. Blue Answer’s founders did not respond to requests for comment The Washington Post relayed through May.
Blue Answer appears to be trying to fashion itself as a version of Correct the Record, a project of the Democratic super PAC American Bridge.
Adrienne Elrod, a spokeswoman for Correct the Record, declined to comment on the new group.
“Organizations in support of Hillary Clinton and her vision of how to move our country forward have come together organically in an unprecedented and united front,” she said in a statement. “The right wing has certainly made early and intense efforts to dissuade her from running, because they know that Hillary Clinton’s focus on advancing the middle class and moving our country forward is one that excites Americans.”
A large share of the early super PAC activity hasn't sprung from Clinton's supporters -- it's being driven by the deep animosity on the right toward the former Secretary of State. A new group, Veterans Against Hillary, was formed on Nov. 25, set up by a well-known GOP political compliance firm based in Georgia.
“There is nothing better for the conservative movement than Hillary Clinton, because she is such a robustly disliked character,” said Dan Backer, a Republican campaign finance attorney who is helping run one of the biggest anti-Clinton groups, Stop Hillary PAC .
The super PAC, which formed last year, has raised $1 million so far and says it has a database of 600,000 activists.
“Our whole focus has been to build a massive digital army to keep her from getting the nomination or winning the election,” Backer said.
Matea Gold covers money in politics for The Washington Post.

Why does everyone plan to hate Peter Pan Live!By Emily Yahr December 4 Follow @emilyyahr
John Allyn as Michael Darling, Allison Williams as Peter Pan, Jake Lucas as John Darling, and Taylor Louderman as Wendy Darling. (Virginia Sherwood/NBC via AP)
It has arrived: After much hand-wringing, anticipation, mockery and sharpening of critical knives before it even premieres, “Peter Pan Live!” starring Allison Williams and Christopher Walken airs Thursday night on NBC.
The network’s new commitment to airing live reenactments of classic musicals has become synonymous with the term “hate-watching.” But before you hate-watch something, shouldn’t you know a little more about it? Like, um, maybe why you’re supposed to hate it? Here you go:
Why is “Peter Pan Live!” a thing?
Last year, someone at NBC had the brilliant idea to stage a three-hour, live version of “The Sound of Music”  around the holidays starring Carrie Underwood as Maria, along with Audra McDonald and Stephen Moyer. It drew truckloads of snark in the weeks leading up to the show, and Underwood was eviscerated on Twitter for her lack of acting skills. But all those haters who crowded around the TV to snicker — not to mention the more sincere musical-theater fans — added up to about 18 million, or approximately 22 million with DVR viewing factored in. So NBC execs immediately started brainstorming about another musical for 2014. “Many of you were rolling your eyes up until. . . the ratings came in,” NBC entertainment chairman Bob Greenblatt told reporters .
Anyway, it didn’t take the network long to settle on “Peter Pan.” A production based on the 1954 Broadway version of the J.M. Barrie book was announced mere weeks after “Sound of Music.”
When will it air? Really, three hours?
Oh yes! “Peter Pan Live!” airs Thursday at 8 p.m. until 11 p.m. With the exclamation mark!
How can people plan to “hate-watch” something when they haven’t seen it yet and have no idea what it will be like?
That’s just how the Internet rolls these days. Arguably, the main reason people already anticipate they will loathe the special is because of its star, Allison Williams as Peter Pan. (They seem cool with Christopher Walken as Captain Hook, though.)
What’s the deal with hating Allison Williams? She seems okay.
Williams, 26, has the distinction of starring on HBO’s controversy-magnet dramedy “Girls,” which inspires a shocking amount of vitriol among the Internet/viewing public thanks to its purposefully unlikable millennial characters. Williams’ insufferable Marnie — a princess type who wants to be a pop star despite her questionable singing chops –draws particular bile, and some viewers seem to have a hard time separating the actress from her character. Already, “Peter Pan” fans are fretting she won’t be able to live up to the theatrical expectations they require, though she is a (YouTube) singer .
Plus, some simply can’t get over the fact that nepotism could have possibly come into play: Williams is the daughter of NBC News anchor Brian Williams. A fact that he has adorably acknowledged .
Doesn’t that make watching the show less fun?
It really does, but it’s also an unusual thing these days to see everybody watching the same thing at the same time — and admittedly, some of the live Twitter commentary during “Sound of Music” was quite entertaining. Allison Williams has addressed this herself and asks people not to watch with hate in their hearts: “‘Peter Pan,’ you cannot watch cynically,” she told the Daily Beast . “If you do, you’re going to hate it, no question. It falls apart instantly.” (Though she also said she bets people will get wrapped up in the nostalgia and forget to hate-tweet.)
Yeah, people are still going to watch cynically — it’s already started with the preview:
 
The brains behind the  Washington Post Twitter account asked followers why they’re already opposed to the musical, and got a handful of differing responses:
@washingtonpost because of all their spammy sponsored Tweets
— Nancy Kricorian (@nancykric) December 4, 2014
@washingtonpost Because the Sound of Music was so bad it made people cringe and cry and they are now NBC-Live-Show-SHY

CMC launches drive to capture stray pigsUpdated: December 4, 2014 17:59 IST
CMC launches drive to capture stray pigs
M. T. Shiva Kumar
Tweet
The Hindu
The Mandya City Municipal Council (CMC) launched a drive to capture stray pigs roaming across the city on Thursday.
The Hindu
The Mandya City Municipal Council (CMC) launched a drive to capture stray pigs roaming across the city on Thursday.
The Mandya City Municipal Council (CMC) on Thursday launched a drive to capture stray pigs roaming in the city.
The CMC has hired a person to impound pigs, as the deadline given to pig rearers to shift the pigs out of the city has failed to yield any results, B. Siddaraju, CMC preisdent, told The Hindu.
In a day-long drive, Molekoppalu Nagesh Chikkalingaiah, whom the CMC has hired for the purpose, and his workers impounded several pigs in and around Ward No. 9 and Police Colony on Thursday, he said.
According to the agreement, the CMC would not pay any amount to Mr. Nagesh to impound pigs. Instead, he would take the pigs, sell them and pay half of the amount to the CMC.
The pig-catchers would resume the operation against stray pigs on Friday, Mr. Siddaraju said.
4,000 pigs
The menace of stray pigs has been continuing unabated in the city for the past several years. Even though no survey has been conducted on the population of pigs, according to a rough estimate, there are about 4,000 pigs in Mandya.

Computer systems at the movie studioNorth Korea has refused to deny involvement in a cyber-attack on Sony Pictures that came ahead of the release of a film about leader Kim Jong-un.
Sony is investigating after its computers were attacked and unreleased films made available on the internet.
When asked if it was involved in the attack a spokesman for the North Korean government replied: "Wait and see."
In June, North Korea complained to the United Nations and the US over the comedy film The Interview.
In the movie, Seth Rogen and James Franco play two reporters who are granted an audience with Kim Jong-un. The CIA then enlists the pair to assassinate him.
North Korea described the film as an act of war and an "undisguised sponsoring of terrorism", and called on the US and the UN to block it.
California-based Sony Pictures' computer system went down last week and hackers then published a number of as-yet unreleased films on online download sites.
Among the titles is a remake of the classic film Annie, which is not due for release until 19 December.
Alastair Leithead says N Korea is furious about the new film
The film about North Korea does not appear to have been leaked.
When asked about the cyber-attack, a spokesman for North Korea's UN mission said: "The hostile forces are relating everything to the DPRK (North Korea). I kindly advise you to just wait and see."
On Monday, Sony Pictures said it had restored a number of important services that had to be shut down after the attack.
It said it was working closely with law enforcement officials to investigate the matter but made no mention of North Korea.
The FBI has confirmed that it is investigating. It has also warned other US businesses that unknown hackers have launched a cyber-attack with destructive malware.
Analysis: Leo Kelion, technology desk editor
Suggestions North Korea could be behind the Sony Pictures hack has drawn incredulity from some, surprised that the "Hermit Kingdom" might be able to pull off such a stunt.
In fact, experts say Pyongyang's cyber-skills should not be underestimated. One US government adviser warned last year that North Korean hackers posed "an important 'wild card' threat" to US and international security.
Being sure about how far its cyber-capabilities extend isn't easy. A report by Hewlett Packard's security division noted that most North Koreans were restricted to an intranet system, separate from the wider internet, which limits their links to the outside world.
But the report noted that the state's education system places special emphasis on mathematics, which has helped it develop skilled programmers, cryptographers and security researchers.
According to a report by Al-Jazeera , North Korean defectors have spoken of promising students going on a two-year accelerated university course before heading to China and Russia for a year to hone their hacking skills.
A US analyst quoted a defector who claimed to be part of North Korea's Unit 121 hacking squad until he escaped in 2004. He said some operations had been carried out from a Pyongyang-owned hotel in Shenyang, China.
According to HP, North Korea's "cyber-warriors" are thought to have carried out a wide variety of attacks, including:
Spreading malware via video games
Stealing details of foreign technologies stored on computers
Carrying out distributed denial of service attacks (DDoS), which knock services offline by flooding them with traffic sent from hijacked foreign computers
Cyber-psychological operations - posting propaganda to social networks and "trolling" message boards
However, hacking a major corporation to make threatening demands is not a behaviour that has been linked to North Korea in the past, and the hashtag #GOP (Guardians of Peace) - used in the Sony attack - is not known to have been used by Pyongyang.
More on This Story

The tech site Re-codeTop tech news, delivered daily
Code/red by John Paczkowski
The insider's view on what's happening today and what's on the horizon
GlebStock / Shutterstock
Sony to Officially Name North Korea as Source of Hack Attack
December 3, 2014, 10:08 AM PST
Click to email this to a friend
Share:
Sony Pictures will officially name North Korea as the source of a hacking attack that has exposed sensitive files and brought down its corporate network last week, two sources close to the investigation tell Re/code. An announcement could come as soon as today.
Details of what Sony and the security firm Mandiant will announce are still being finalized. But the sources confirm that North Korea will be named as the source of the attack.
A Sony spokeswoman declined to comment on the timing or the news, but said “The investigation continues into this very sophisticated cyber attack.”
Re/code first reported on Nov. 28 Sony was investigating the possibility that hackers working on behalf of North Korea was behind an attack.
Related Article
Here’s What We Know About North Korea’s Cyberwar Army
By Arik Hesseldahl , Dec 1, 2014, 4:00 PM PST
Launched last week , the attack forced employees of the movie studio to shut down computers and work with pen and paper. Later, sensitive files including employee salary data, product plans and video files of five motion pictures were leaked to the Internet.
The announcement will be the first public acknowledgement of what has so far been only a matter of conjecture. North Korea has sought to stop Sony from releasing a film called “The Interview” that depicts two American TV journalists who are recruited by the CIA to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un.
Update (11:52 a.m. PT): Adds Sony statement.
More on the Sony Hack Attack

Russell Padmore has your latest business news updateRussia's president Vladimir Putin urges action to stop currency speculators
0:00
9:02
Embed Code
<div class="ab-player" data-boourl="http://audioboom.com/boos/2704347-russia-s-president-vladimir-putin-urges-action-to-stop-currency-speculators/embed/v3?eid=AQAAAAuukFTbQykA" data-boowidth="100%" data-maxheight="150" data-iframestyle="background-color:transparent; display:block; min-width:300px; max-width:700px;" style="background-color:transparent;"><a href="https://audioboom.com/boos/2704347-russia-s-president-vladimir-putin-urges-action-to-stop-currency-speculators">listen to &#x2018;Russia&#39;s president Vladimir Putin urges action to stop currency speculators&#x2019; on audioBoom</a></div><script type="text/javascript">(function() { var po = document.createElement("script"); po.type = "text/javascript"; po.async = true; po.src = "https://d15mj6e6qmt1na.cloudfront.net/cdn/embed.js"; var s = document.getElementsByTagName("script")[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s); })();</script>
options
The Russian president Vladimir Putin has strongly criticised economic sanctions imposed on his country over events in Ukraine. South Africa's president Jacob Zuma is meeting his Chinese counterpart in Beijing to develop closer economic ties and after the huge drop in the price of oil, will airlines reduce ticket prices?

GDP- Fixed investment stagnant in Q2: CRISIL ResearchLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GDP- Fixed investment stagnant in Q2: CRISIL Research
CRISIL Research has come out with its report on economy. "GDP- Fixed investment stagnant in Q2; reaffirms slow pace of economic recovery ", says the report.
Post your opinion here
 
CRISIL Research's report on economy
The Indian economy grew by 5.3% in Q2FY15 taking H1 GDP growth to 5.5%. Contrary to expectations, agriculture growth was strong at 3.2% in Q2. A pick-up in growth in construction, and community, social and personal services pushed up services growth to 7.1% in Q2. Relative to Q1, industrial GDP growth however, nearly halved to 2.2% in Q2, led by weakness in the manufacturing sector.
Although private spending growth climbed up from its lows, it failed to push demand in consumer-oriented sectors such as automobiles and consumer durables. Exports too performed dismally in Q2, in part due to a high base and also possibly due to slowing demand from Europe. The capital goods sector, similarly, has continued to face the wrath of sluggish investment (zero y-o-y growth in Q2). Early indicators for Q3 too are not yet quite upbeat, leading us to reaffirm our 5.5% GDP growth forecast for FY15.
This year, both investment and consumption driven sectors have continued to underperform. While both household and business sentiments have continued to improve, these are yet to translate into a significant pick-up in demand. Highly leveraged infrastructure companies and excess capacities in industrial sectors, given sluggish sales, are hindering fresh investments. With inflation falling, households consumption growth has begun to pick-up (5.8% y-o-y in Q2), but households still have low visibility on sustained improvement in incomes.
Disclaimer:
CRISIL Limited has taken due care and caution in preparing this Report. Information has been obtained by CRISIL from sources, which it considers reliable. However, CRISIL does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information. CRISIL Limited has no financial liability whatsoever to the subscribers / users / transmitters / distributors of this Report. The Centre for Economic Research, CRISIL (C-CER) operates independently of and does not have access to information obtained by CRISIL's Ratings Division, which may in its regular operations obtain information of a confidential nature that is not available to C-CER. No part of this Report may be published / reproduced in any form without CRISIL's prior written approval.
CRISIL Limited. All Rights Reserved. Published under permission from CRISIL"
 

CARE retains GDP growth forecast of 5.2-5.5% for FY15Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CARE retains GDP growth forecast of 5.2-5.5% for FY15
CARE Ratings has come out with its report on GDP growth. The rating house retains its growth forecast of 5.2-5.5% for the year.
Post your opinion here
 
Analysis of GDP – Q2 FY15: CARE Ratings
The domestic economy performed better than what was expected in Q2 FY15, however it must be noted that this was largely on account of higher government spending, a fact which would be reversed in H2 FY15 given that the government has already touched 83% of its fiscal deficit target.
Hence, to record a healthy growth of over 5% in FY15, the economy would have to see a continued improvement on similar lines across the three sectors and particularly in industries and services, given that agricultural growth is already factored in to be lower this year on account of the disrupted monsoon. The government will not be able to provide a push due to constraints on the fiscal deficit.
We retain our growth forecast of 5.2-5.5% for the year.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

RBI may reverse policy stance by lowering repo rate: CARELike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI may reverse policy stance by lowering repo rate: CARE
CARE Ratings expects RBI to reverse its policy stance by lowering the repo rate in the next policy in February 2015 and start reducing the repo rate by 25 bps to begin with.
Post your opinion here
 
Credit Policy review by CARE Ratings
As was expected, the Reserve Bank of India decided to keep interest rates unchanged at the credit policy announcement today. Consequently, in line with CARE’s own expectation, the repo rate stands unmoved at 8%. While, the case for a rate cut was compelling, the RBI has admittedly looked through the encouragingly low inflation figures emanating from the high base effect from last year to take a more cautious approach. The guiding factor has been that once rates are changed in a particular direction, it cannot be reversed immediately and therefore, the future path of inflation is also important.
Highlights
Repo rate under the Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF) left unchanged at 8.00%.
Accordingly, the reverse repo stands 100 basis points lower at 7.00% and the Marginal Standing Facility (MSF) rate and Bank rate stand 100 basis points above the repo rate at 9.00%.
Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) kept constant at 4.00% of Net Demand and Time Liabilities (NDTL) of the banking system.
Liquidity front-
Continue providing liquidity under overnight repos at 0.25% of NDTL at the LAF repo rate and under the 7-day, 14-day term repos of up to 0.75% of NDTL of the banking system through auctions.
Continue with daily one-day term repos and reverse repos.
CARE’s View
1. RBI’s monetary policy is overtly driven by inflation. With all other forces such as growth, liquidity etc, making the case for rate cut strong, the RBI maintained a status-quo on account possible resurgence in inflation from December onwards
2. The GSec yields are more reflective of liquidity conditions and the 10-years paper has already gone below 8% - the repo rate. This trend will continue as long as there is excess liquidity in the system. The RBI is also likely to get more aggressive with OMO sales to take out excess liquidity.
3. The exchange rate will continue to be driven by external factors such as Fed action, strength of the dollar and oil prices. The RBI will be monitoring these movements as the decision on interest rates will also be linked to this factor.
4. We expect RBI to reverse its policy stance by lowering the repo rate in the next policy in February 2015 and start reducing the repo rate by 25 bps to begin with.
Disclaimer: This report is prepared by the Economics Division of Credit Analysis &Research Limited [CARE]. CARE has taken utmost care to ensure accuracy and objectivity while developing this report based on information available in public domain. However, neither the accuracy nor completeness of information contained in this report is guaranteed. CARE is not responsible for any errors or omissions in analysis/inferences/views or for results obtained from the use of information contained in this report and especially states that CARE (including all divisions) has no financial liability whatsoever to the user of this report.
The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Big business of pop-up retailbig business of pop-up retail
Sj is heading for single digit. just run dear.New Member
1 Followers
Is It Sure That Fly Dubai Is Going To Invest... ???  I Am Trapped... 35000 Shares @18.40 Is My Investment... Tomorrow I Might Book Heavy Loss. PLs Requesting All Of You That Kindly Suggest Me What TO Do...
5.54 PM Dec 4th

Couple of months back i checked the details on ``ministry of corporate...Platinum Member
667 Followers
Total equity is just 3.5 cr shares. Assuming 70% in promoters and Rajul hands, 30% might be the free float. So total free float may not be more than 1cr shares. If they are really serious, @1 lakh shares per day, it will not take more than couple of months to garner substantial part of it. Also all people will not sell at this rate. So they have to ramp up the share price regularly to get good no of shares at different levels.

Buy axis bank current leveal this is traget is 550 1 mouthCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

@ chillax.. bro last week you requested me to obstain from engaging my...New Member
19 Followers
@ chillax.. bro last week you requested me to obstain from engaging myself with that guy, and I respected your words and have stopped responding to him. Now I request you not to engage yourself in altercations with him. He is not worth any replies. Let him continue shouting and neglect is the best medicine for people. After all it is entertainment for us. :-) :-)

Spicejet s financial health make travel agents jitteryHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
SpiceJet faces headwinds from travel agents
Adith Charlie
AAI has put the budget airline on cash-and-carry mode
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
SpiceJet’s slipping financial health and the recent round of last-minute flight cancellations are prompting travel agents to be cautious in selling tickets of the budget carrier.
Several travel agents are advising customers to refrain from flying SpiceJet until the budget airline stabilises operations and manages to find a cash-rich investor, it is reliably learned.
“We understand that the airline is going through a tough time and has not been able to maintain integrity of schedules. Hence, we are dissuading customers from making fresh bookings before more clarity emerges on SpiceJet’s future roadmap,” said Manoj Shah, President, Tour Operators & Travel Agents Association (TAG) of Gujarat and proprietor of Krishna World Travels.
SpiceJet, which recently reported its fifth consecutive quarter of losses, has been returning some of its Boeing 737 aircraft, as a result of which its fleet has shrunk to 22 from 35 in summer. This has resulted in flight reductions on several routes.
“In certain sectors, eleventh hour cancellations are still happening. Hence, we are appraising passengers of the ground situation and advising them to go in for other flight options for the time being,” said Reji Philip of Mumbai-based Cosmos Agencies.
In an email response to a Business Line questionnaire, SpiceJet Chief Operating Officer Sanjiv Kapoor said: “We have seen no evidence of what is claimed. We are in touch with all our major partners.”
In the last several months, SpiceJet had flooded the market with lucrative advance fares, a move which helped flyers get bargain deals.
Anuj Pathak, proprietor of Ahmedabad-based Radiant Holidays, said: “We had sold four tickets of SpiceJet to a family on Ahmedabad-Mumbai sector for Rs 10,000. When they reached the airport, they were told that the flight is cancelled. Finally, the family had to fork out Rs 30,000 to fly on another carrier,” Pathak added.
There is also a lingering fear in the trade that the no-frills airline may go the Kingfisher Airlines way. The Vijay Mallya-owned Kingfisher was grounded in 2012 under the weight of heavy debt and accumulated losses.
SpiceJet, which is controlled by billionaire Kalanithi Maran's Sun Group, had reported a loss of Rs. 310.4 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, 2014. The carrier has been scouting for an investor to recapitalise the airline. It needs at least Rs 1,200 crore to remain in the skies, according to a recent CAPA report.
“Many travel agents are yet to get refunds for tickets from Kingfisher. Now, even refunds from SpiceJet are getting delayed and hence the scepticism in suggesting SpiceJet to clients,” said Pathak.
Starting today, Airports Authority of India has put SpiceJet's operations on cash and carry mode. An airline is put on cash and carry mode when it is unable to clear its dues in the time specified or when its dues mount beyond acceptable limit. Last week, ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picked up 1.4 per cent stake in Spicejet.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Lovie Smith takes his mansion off the market5
Smith, 56, was fired by the Bears at the end of 2012 after nine seasons as coach. He sat out the 2013 football season and signed with Tampa Bay in January. The Bears defeated Smith's Buccaneers 21-13 on Sunday at Soldier Field.
Smith paid $1.62 million in late 2004 for the five-bedroom brick house, which was built in 2002 and has five baths, an eat-in kitchen, a two-story family room with a fireplace; a living room with a fireplace; a cherry library; a sweeping staircase; an attached four-car heated garage and a basement with a wet bar, a rec room, a billiards area, a workout room and a second laundry room.
The house sits on about 1.4 acres.
Coincidentally, Smith's successor, Marc Trestman, had his Winnetka mansion on the market for almost three months this year at $3.5  million. Trestman pulled that house from the market in June.

Arby s Admits It Messed Up Pepsi Deal In Cute New Adreddit
Arby's and Pepsi have a contractual agreement where the fast-food chain features the soft drink in two ads a year. Sounds simple enough: Just end a couple commercials with a glass of Pepsi next to an Arby's menu item, and presto. But this year Arby's apparently forgot to fulfill its contract and ran only one such ad, according to The Wall Street Journal. Oops.
In an effort to make up for it, the company had its ad agency create a last-minute commercial to satisfy Pepsi. The result is a 30-second spot lampooning the mistake. It features nothing but a voiceover and a long shot of a pint of ice-cold soda. "Arbys: We have Pepsi," the ad concludes.
On Monday, Arby's posted an apologetic tweet to promote the spot.
— Arby's (@Arbys) December 1, 2014
The company also posted the following on YouTube, along with the video: "We love you Pepsi. You’re like a meat to us."
"The idea was to stay consistent with the rest of the Arby's work -- keep it simple, real and focused on the product ... even if it's not exactly a sandwich. It's 24 seconds of a Pepsi just sitting there," Matt Heath, of the Fallon ad agency, told HuffPost. "It'd be hard to mess that one up. We're excited about it."
And Pepsi seems totally on board with the whole thing.
“We applaud Arby’s unconventional approach to marketing and when they came to us with this idea, we thought it would be a fun, creative way to highlight our partnership,” Roberto Rios, the chief marketing officer for PepsiCo’s food service division, said in a statement, per the Journal, while Heath added, "Pepsi seems like a good dude. I'm sure he can see past this hiccup."
We can't wait till " The Daily Show " gets ahold of this.
Note: This story has been updated to include comments from Matt Heath, who worked on the ad for Arby's.
Related on HuffPost:

Traders should seek to buy a dip in Nifty02 December 2014
Tuesday
RBI holds interest rates; promises rate cuts in 2015 hopefuly; markets mildly subdued after RBI meeting; traders should seek to buy a dip in Nifty, Bank Nifty; PSU Banks are ready for big up move
Choppy movement continues in Bank Nifty. PSU Banks are at the verge of breakout. Look for a buying in PSU Bank. Decline continues in CNX IT. Below the support comes at 11630.
We have SILVERMINI in METAL SECTION. Intermediate Trend is down in this instrument. We have POWER in Sector Focus. Trend is sideways in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of POWER Stocks. Stock in focus includes CANBK, DIVISLAB, ICICIBANK and ITC. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss EURINR in Currency Tracker Section.
 
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

SBI Cards ties up with Future Group to offer co-branded cardUpdated: December 3, 2014 13:20 IST
SBI Cards ties up with Future Group to offer co-branded card
Special Correspondent
Tweet
PTI
SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya with Future Group's Kishore Biyani during the launch of credit card Styleup in Mumbai.
TOPICS
new product
SBI Cards has tied up with Future Group company Fashion at Big Bazaar (FBB) to offer a co-branded credit card, ‘Styleup’.
The new Styleup card offers a lifetime flat 10 per cent discount on fashion apparel, fashion accessories and footwear at all FBB and Big Bazaar stores and the customers will also get 10 times the rewards on all Big Bazaar purchases besides other discounts and rewards.
“SBI Cards is the only free-standing credit card company in the country. All others are parts of banks SBI Cards has been seeing strong year on year growth in the last few years. The tie-up with the Future Group is to fuel this performance by entering into the high growth retail sector that is expected to increase to more than US$ 800 billion by 2015,’’ Arundhati Bhattacharya, Chairperson, State Bank of India said, adding that the offering would create value for customers and is a “win-win situation for both partners.’’
Kishore Biyani, Group CEO, Future Group said, “FBB’s leadership in fashion offering and SBI Card’s leadership in the credit card space will enable us to offer a unique and valuable shopping experience for our customers.’’ He assured that the co-branding would ensure that SBI Cards rose from its number 3 position in the credit card industry “to the leadership position in the next 18 months.’’

Rajan Wins Praise for Not Succumbing to Rate Cut PressureYou are here: Home Economy
Raghuram Rajan Wins Praise for not Succumbing to Rate Cut Pressure
NDTV | Written By: Varun Sinha | Updated On: December 03, 2014 19:47 (IST)
China December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
Raghuram Rajan is a celebrity economist known across the globe for predicting the 2008 global meltdown. More recently, he has been referred to as a "celebrity central banker", a phrase used recently by Harvard University Professor Kenneth Rogoff to describe monetary policymakers of major economies.
( Read the full story here )
Rare praise has come his way from renowned commodity guru Jim Rogers - one of the few investors said to be still skeptical about India. Mr Rogers said last week that he has more respect for the Reserve Bank than for the US Federal Reserve.
"I wish the RBI was running the American central bank. Your central bank has not been great but it has been a lot better than many other central banks... the people there at least understand the problem," Mr Rogers told NDTV last week.
The admiration for Dr Rajan among economists and investors seemed to grow on Tuesday, when he ignored calls for a rate cut, including one by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. ( Read the full story )
"RBI's policy is very balanced and pragmatic. There should be no complaints from market participants," said Killol Pandya, senior fund manager at LIC Nomura.
This was not the first time that Dr Rajan came under intense pressure to cut rates, but the clamour for a rate cut was louder in the December policy because consumer price inflation trended at record low and global crude prices also seemed headed towards $60 per barrel.
India's growth moderated in the September quarter, with the GDP growing at 5.3 per cent as compared to 5.7 per cent in the June quarter.
Dr Rajan, however, stuck to his guns in the standoff with inflation, and said the RBI does not intend to flip-flop on policy. His hardline stance on inflation has won him universal praise at a time when central bankers across the world are resorting to easy monetary policy to push growth. ( Read )
He also said yesterday that the RBI could cut interest rates early next year if prices cooled as planned. This was a signal that the central bank would not come in the way of growth.
"Clearly, a very dovish statement by the governor; they have acknowledged that inflation is treading expectations and that there is scope for monetary easing in early 2015. Markets like clarity and they are reading this as a signal that barring any surprises, a February 2015 rate cut looks likely," said R. Sivakumar of Axis Asset Management.
If retail inflation cools as envisaged by the RBI's glide path (headline CPI at 8 per cent by January 2015 and 6 per cent by January 2016), it would be a major victory against sticky price rise that has troubled the economy for years.
It will also be a boost for Dr Rajan, who is credited with the stabilizing the rupee post the crisis in 2013.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Josh and Anna DuggarJosh and Anna Duggar Are Expecting Baby Number 4
Dec 3, 2014, 9:42 AM ET
Josh and Anna Duggar pose with their daughter Mackynzie and son Michael.
Scott Enlow/TLC
Share
Copy
Jill Dillard isn't the only pregnant person in her family!
Anna Duggar , who's been married to Josh Duggar since 2008, is pregnant with the couple's fourth child, she announced on Twitter.
"We are so excited to announce...we're pregnant!" she wrote. "#4andCounting #BlessingfromTheLord @joshduggar #19Kids"
See Photos from '19 Kids and Counting's' Jessa Duggar and Ben Seewald's Wedding
The "19 Kids & Counting" stars, both 26, are already parents to three children: Mackynzie, 5, Michael, 3, and Marcus, 18 months.
It's been an exciting year for the family: Jill and Derick Dillard are expecting their first child, a boy, next year, and Jessa Duggar wed her husband, Ben Seewald, last month.
— Anna Duggar (@Anna_Duggar) December 3, 2014
Join the Discussion

Burger King Re-Launches Yumbo Sandwich  40 Years LaterIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Wells Fargo Deliberately Pushed Dangerous Loans On Blacks  Hispanics: LawsuitWells Fargo Deliberately Pushed Dangerous Loans On Blacks, Hispanics: Lawsuit
Posted:
Updated:
12/03/2014 11:59 am EST
Wells Fargo has been accused of targeting minorities with predatory high-cost home loans that pushed them into default and foreclosure.
Cook County, Illinois, which is home to the city of Chicago, filed a lawsuit in federal court on Friday against the nation’s largest mortgage lender. The suit alleges that Wells Fargo contributed to the housing crisis, which the county claims has cost it millions of dollars in lost property tax and the cost of having to deal with abandoned buildings, among other issues. The lawsuit says damages could exceed $300 million.
Wells Fargo deliberately issued home loans with high interest rates and inflated or improper fees to black and Hispanic borrowers, many of whom would not have qualified for a traditional loan, the suit alleges. The lawsuit also charges that the bank did so even when it was clear the borrowers wouldn’t be able to keep up with the costly payment plans.
Such practices are known as “equity stripping,” the suit says, because they “stripped and continue to strip borrower home equity.” As a result, the chances that minority borrowers would fall behind on payments or be forced to submit to foreclosures were increased, it said.
Between 2000 and August 2014, Wells Fargo allegedly made about 55,000 loans to minority homeowners in Cook County that are suspected of being predatory and discriminatory, according to a statement released by Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle and Cook County State Attorney Anita Alvarez.
Wells Fargo vehemently denies the allegations, calling them “baseless.” “It’s disappointing they chose to pursue a lawsuit against Wells Fargo rather than collaborate together to help borrowers and home owners in the County,” company spokesman Tom Goyda told HuffPost in a prepared statement.
“Wells Fargo’s team members live and work in the Chicago area and we stand behind our record as a fair and responsible lender,” Goyda said, adding that the company has an $8.2 million down payment assistance grant program that “helped create 547 new homeowners” in Cook County over the past two years.
“We will vigorously defend ourselves and continue to focus on helping customers succeed financially and expanding homeownership in Illinois and across the United States,” he added.
The suit alleges that Wells Fargo violated the Fair Housing Act, a federal law that prohibits race-based discrimination by mortgage lenders.
Cook County has walked this path before: Preckwinkle and Alvarez filed very similar suits earlier this year against HSBC and Bank Of America. Bank Of America spokesman Richard Simon said there “is no basis” for the claims the lawsuit makes. HSBC did not return a request for comment to HuffPost.
In the past, cities including Baltimore and Miami have also sued Wells Fargo and other banks on allegations of discriminatory home lending practices. A lawsuit brought by Baltimore against Wells Fargo charging that the bank steered minority homeowners into costly loan agreements and also charged minorities higher interest rates and fees than white borrowers with the same credit scores was ultimately settled in 2012 for $175 million .
More recently, though, a judge dismissed a suit from the city of Miami against the bank, saying there was no standing to sue under the Fair Housing Act and that the suit had been brought too late, according to Bloomberg News.
(Hat tip Consumerist )
More:

Mariano s pact with trade group will bring more Italian products to storesMariano's pact with trade group will bring more Italian products to stores
Mariano's hungry for specialty goods from Italy, elsewhere
Mariano's has a new partnership with the Italian Trade Agency to bring products from southern Italy to its stores, a move it could replicate with other countries as the growing grocer hopes such specialty fare will help it stand out from rivals.
Having doubled in size, chain now turning to details ( Jessica Wohl )
"This will serve as a template for us to work with other countries," Mariano said in an interview, suggesting that countries such as Canada, France and Germany could be next. "It's not just Italy. We will begin this effort with other countries as well."
Mariano's already promotes specialty international foods in its stores. Aisles filled with foods from Italy, Mexico and other countries typically feature flags and other decorations. Now, the chain is taking the effort a step further, starting with the Italian partnership, as it tries to procure products that shoppers might not be able to find at other grocery stores.
Mariano's is one of the best grocery stores in Chicago. Jewel is one of the worst.
PeterBella
3
So far, Mariano's has started to sell products such as Agromonte tomato sauce from Sicily and Lauretana water, which it said are exclusive to the chain. The flavoring for the chain's gelato also comes from Italy, Mariano said.
The partnership with the Italian Trade Agency is being called La Tavola Italiana, or "the Italian table." The government organization aims to promote Italian companies internationally. Its Chicago office works on getting authentic Italian food and wines into grocery stores, among other projects. It also has worked on promotions with the Texas chain H-E-B and Wakefern Food, a co-operative that runs the ShopRite and Price Rite chains on the East Coast.
Mariano's emphasis on imported goods could help it stand out from the Italian offerings at other supermarkets in the Chicago area. Still, its Italian selection is much smaller than the one at Eataly, which opened an Italian-focused market in Chicago in 2013. The Italian Trade Agency has a relationship with Eataly as well, according to Patrick Capriati, a senior trade promotions officer at the agency.
Mariano's has sent executives to Italy and has hosted Italian companies in Chicago as it tries to build relationships with Italian producers. The process also can cut out the need to work with middlemen and help the chain keep a lid on costs.
Mariano estimated that his company now receives several containers of products from Italy each month, up from perhaps fewer than one every other month a year ago.
Some of the products, such as Panettone and bottled water, are also being sold at Roundy's stores in Wisconsin, Mariano said. Mariano declined to give specific examples of lower prices that resulted from the pact, but said that the company is "able to be more affordably priced."
On Thursday, Mariano and Capriati are set to officially kick off the pact with the cutting of a 10 kilogram Panettone, or sweet Italian bread, at the Mariano's store at 1800 W. Lawrence Ave. in Chicago.

Tween accessories retailer Claire s continues to struggleTween accessories retailer Claire's continues to struggle
Terrence Antonio James, Chicago Tribune
Claire’s reported slightly wider losses as sales continue to decline.
Claire’s reported slightly wider losses as sales continue to decline. (Terrence Antonio James, Chicago Tribune)
By Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz , Chicago Tribune contact the reporter
Struggling tween retailer Claire's continues to lose money
Tween accessories retailer Claire's reported slightly wider losses in its most recent quarter as sales continue to decline and the company closes stores in favor of opening more off-mall Claire's-branded shops inside of Toys R Us locations.
0
In addition, company officials said, "ongoing interruptions" at West Coast ports delayed deliveries to its distribution facilities, forcing it to increase air freighting of merchandise and dampening the "newness" of in-store inventory as it took longer to get fresh items in. Businesses have been concerned of a work slowdown at the ports because of unresolved contract negotiations between the powerful dockworkers union and multinational shipping lines.
Hoffman Estates-based Claire's lost $26.8 million in the three months ended Nov. 1, slightly more than the $25.5 million loss during the same period last year. Sales at stores open at least a year, an important measure of retail health, were down 1.4 percent. The company blamed a dip in the number of transactions.
Claire's CEO Beatrice Lafon said she was "disappointed" with the overall performance, though sales of back-to-school and Halloween items were strong. Revenues were down almost 2 percent for the quarter to $350.7 million.
"While ... our performance was not as strong as we had hoped during the third quarter, we are pleased that our fourth-quarter performance has improved and are also encouraged that our same-store sales during the week of Black Friday was slightly positive," Lafon said.
She credited the recent improvement to investments in in-store decor, the launch of an in-store catalog and the company's decision to compete on full-price merchandise rather than clearance, as it did last year.
Last year, Claire's had a dismal fourth quarter during the important holiday season, with a sales decline of 11 percent. Its CEO at the time, James Fielding, resigned shortly after, and he was replaced by Lafon, who was president of the European division.
Lafon's strategy to resurrect Claire's as a go-to haven for tweens includes exploring new channels to reduce its exposure to declining mall traffic and find new audiences. As of Nov. 1 it had opened 125 Claire's-branded shops globally within other stores, mostly in Toys R Us locations, up from 17 last year. Sales in those stores have exceeded expectations both in Europe, which has 116 of those stores, and North America, which has 14, Lafon said.
The company also has been closing stores in malls, ending the quarter with 3,472 stores, 63 fewer than it had at this time last year. It plans to close another 80 to 100 stores next year.

NextEra to Acquire Hawaiian Electric for $2.6BIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Who is right about the APs alleged blacklisting of pro-Israel watchdog NGO MonitorBy David Bernstein December 3
As noted yesterday, former AP Jerusalem reporter Matti Friedman has caused a stir with the following claim :
In the aftermath of the three-week Gaza war of 2008-2009, not yet quite understanding the way things work, I spent a week or so writing a story about NGOs like Human Rights Watch, whose work on Israel had just been subject to an unusual public lashing in The New York Times by its own founder, Robert Bernstein…. Editors killed the story.
Around this time, a Jerusalem-based group called NGO Monitor was battling the international organizations condemning Israel after the Gaza conflict, and though the group was very much a pro-Israel outfit and by no means an objective observer, it could have offered some partisan counterpoint in our articles to charges by NGOs that Israel had committed “war crimes.” But the bureau’s explicit orders to reporters were to never quote the group or its director, an American-raised professor named Gerald Steinberg. In my time as an AP writer moving through the local conflict, with its myriad lunatics, bigots, and killers, the only person I ever saw subjected to an interview ban was this professor.
The AP, as part of a response to Friedman’s broader article,  absolutely denies that such a ban existed : “There was no ‘ban’ on using Prof. Gerald Steinberg. He and his NGO Monitor group are cited in at least a half-dozen stories since the 2009 Gaza war.”
Paul Colford, director of media relations at the AP, sent me a link to the response, which I’m happy to post, and I did so above. But I checked on Nexis, and I didn’t see any citations to NGO Monitor from the AP’s Jerusalem bureau after Robert Bernstein’s piece appeared in the New York Times  in October 2009. (There is one from a Gaza-based reporter in August.) A few reporters based in Europe did cite Gerald Steinberg and NGO Monitor, but Friedman never alleged that the AP as a whole banned Steinberg and NGO Monitor, only that the Jerusalem bureau did.  I also found two articles citing Steinberg from 2011 and 2012.  But (a) those articles post-dated the departure of the editor (Steve Gutkin, who left in 2010) who was allegedly responsible for the ban; (2) were not about NGO-related matters; and (c) cited Steinberg as a professor at Bar-Ilan University, without noting his affiliation with NGO Monitor.
Given that there is nothing in these citations to contradict Friedman’s claim (reiterated in more detail in an email to me) that the Jerusalem bureau in Fall 2009 instituted a ban of indeterminate length on citing Steinberg and NGO Monitor, I asked Colford if he could let me know which headlines the AP believes contradict Friedman. Colford did not respond except by asking me once again to link to the AP’s response. I tried to contact Gutkin via Twitter and Facebook, but he has not responded.
Meanwhile, the plot thickens.   The Jewish Press reports that another former AP Jerusalem bureau reporter, Mark Lavie, who worked for the AP for a decade and a half, confirms that there was a ban on quoting Gerald Steinberg and NGO Monitor:
He said he knew there was such a ban because, when he put a quote from Steinberg in one of his articles sometime in 2009, the AP Jerusalem bureau chief made him remove it. That editor then told him that AP reporters “can’t interview Steinberg as an expert because he is identified with the right wing.” Subsequently it was made clear that NGO Monitor’s reports were not to be quoted, either, because it was pro-Israel or anti-Palestinian or right-wing, however it was put.
Neither Lavie nor Friedman have alleged that this policy was put down in writing.  But I have heard that Gutnick sent an email in mid-2009 warning reporters about relying on spokesmen for ideological organizations as sources.  He gave a few examples, some pro-Palestinian and some pro-Israel. One of the latter was NGO Monitor. This was not an absolute ban, just a caution.
One possibility, then, is that Friedman and Lavie are misremembering that email as a oral ban on citing NGO Monitor.
More consistent with their recollections, perhaps Gutkin was trying to reduce/eliminate reliance on ideological/partisan sources in AP reporting. This effort came just when HRW was in the news for alleged anti-Israel bias, with its leading accuser being NGO Monitor, leading to an unexpected tussle between Gutkin, who thought this an inopportune time to start citing NGO Monitor (which had not been cited often in the past) and his reporters who thought that with HRW itself a story, it was only natural to cite its leading critic.
The latter scenario is entirely plausible, but even if true it still creates a problem for the AP. NGOs that are de facto but not explicitly anti-Israel such as Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International (which, for example both tend to hire employees for their Mideast divisions that have backgrounds in anti-Israel activism), aren’t covered by any such ban/discouragement of using “ideological sources”–only the one Israeli organization that serves as a watchdog on such groups is banned.  If you have a situation where HRW is considered a mainstream, objective source, but reporters are discouraged or even banned from citing NGO Monitor on the one hand, and, say, the International Solidarity Movement on the other, you don’t have balanced reporting, you have a situation in which anti-Israel NGOs dominate the discussion so long as they don’t openly admit that they are biased. Moreover, once HRW itself became a story following Robert Bernstein’s article, it was bizarre to tell reporters they couldn’t cite HRW’s leading Israeli critic. And that’s if we take a charitable interpretation of the alleged ban.
But perhaps the more important point is that Gutkin, as when he is said to have killed Friedman’s story on HRW, apparently didn’t think the role of NGOs in the Palestinian-Israeli conflict was newsworthy, even when other news outlets were covering it. Checking the AP archives from 2009, there was no story when it was revealed that HRW was going fundraising among Saudi elites with an anti-Israel pitch; no story when founder Robert Bernstein denounced the organization’s bias; and a brief story when HRW military analyst Marc Garlasco was discovered to be collecting Nazi memorabilia, but that story was datelined New York, not Jerusalem. All of these things got widespread attention elsewhere.
I’ve often thought that media “bias” is often less a product of slanting the news one covers, and more a question of what one covers.  I’m no “gun nut,” but some of my Facebook friends are, and I get a stream of links to newspaper articles about people who successfully use guns in self-defense. Such stories are invisible in the elite media, assumedly because reporters don’t find them interesting or important. Similarly, the bias with regard to the AP and NGOs might not primarily be who is being quoted, but whether NGO influence and possible bias are considered newsworthy to begin with.
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

India to be Fastest Growing Economy Soon: Mukesh AmbaniSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: India will surpass China as the world's fastest growing economy in the next 2-3 years, top industrialist Mukesh Ambani said on Wednesday, while terming the fall in global oil prices as a "gift" to India.
"We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in the next 2-3 years. We will exceed China's growth rate in next 2-3 years. We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in 2016-2017 and 2017-2018," the Reliance Industries chairman said.
He was speaking at an event organised by Brown University here.
He also said that 2014 is a landmark year for the country.
"I think the people of India have spoken after really 30 years. I have (been) in business for now alomst 30-35 years and we have got a majority (government) now... I have been saying this consistently that 2014 is a lucky year for India," he said.
Referring to the recent fall in crude oil prices, he said, "We are now on the horizon of $60-70, that is really a gift.... If this continues for two years, it's a gift."
He recalled that oil prices had shot up from $20 per barrel to $140 from 2004 to 2014.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 23:05 (IST)

Rupee down 4 paise against US dollar in early tradeRupee ends nearly flat at 61.92 against dollar
PTI  Mumbai, December 04, 2014
First Published: 10:04 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 18:11 IST(4/12/2014)
Comments
The rupee on Thursday ended at 61.92, down a mere paisa, against the greenback in thin trade.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market in Mumbai, the rupee resumed lower at 61.93 as against Wednesday's closing level of 61.91 per dollar. It dropped further to 61.95 per dollar on initial dollar demand from banks and importers on the back of strength in US currency in the overseas market.
However, the rupee recovered from initial losses to 61.8625 on selling of dollars by banks and exporters in view of persistent foreign capital inflows into equity market. It ended at 61.92 per dollar, down one paisa or 0.02%.
It hovered in a range of 61.86 and 61.95 per dollar during the day.
In London, the euro traded around a 2-year low against the dollar Thursday on hopes the European Central Bank would unveil new stimulus measures later in the day.
In New York, the ICE US dollar index rose on Wednesday to its highest level since March 2006 as the dollar rally gained momentum, spurred in part by a strong gauge of service-sector growth in the US economy.
Meanwhile, the Indian benchmark Sensex rose by 120.11 points or 0.42%.

Why ITC Shares Hit Over 6-Month HighOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
ITC gained 5.3 per cent to its highest level since May on reports that the government is rethinking a potential ban on loose cigarettes.
At a meeting called by Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu, Health Minister JP Nadda was told by some ministers not to take any "hasty" step till inter-ministerial consultations are over and issues are resolved.
Mr Naidu, who also discussed the issue with Agriculture Minister Radhamohan Singh, said tobacco and areca nut are two important cash crops in the country and in many parts, the livelihood of farmers depend on them.
Mr Naidu told reporters that the proposed regulatory amendments like banning sale of loose cigarettes will only result in shift in consumption from cigarettes to other cheaper tobacco products like bidis, chewing tobaccos without curtailing overall tobacco consumption.
India is the second largest tobacco producer in the world and its export earns it foreign exchange over Rs. 6,000 crore annually.
ITC and other tobacco companies such as Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries had come under sharp selling pressure last month after the health ministry accepted an expert panel's proposal to ban loose cigarettes to deter smoking.
Loose cigarettes account for 65 to 70 per cent of total cigarette sales in India, analysts estimate.
(With inputs from Reuters)

GSAT-16 to be launched from French GuianaGSLV Mark III during a trial assembly using dummy stages carried out in 2012.
TOPICS
science and technology
European vehicle Ariane5 to put communication satellite in orbit from Kourou on Friday.
GSAT-16, the communications satellite being put in orbit for ISRO from French Guiana in the wee hours of Friday, December 5, will significantly improve the national space capacity with 48 transponders.
The addition is important as GSAT-16 comes up 11 months after the last Indian communication satellite; GSAT-14 was flown in January this year. In fact, this launch was advanced by about six months to meet user needs, ISRO Chairman, K.Radhakrishnan, noted ahead of the launch.
This is also the highest number of transponders packed into an Indian spacecraft so far, compared to 30-36 transponders in earlier ones of comparable 3-tonne size.
He told The Hindu on Wednesday, "Currently we have 188 transponders [from the INSAT/GSAT fleet]. With the 95 leased transponders the requirements are met. The new satellite will mean a major increase.”
ISRO has leased an additional 95 transponders on foreign satellites mainly for the use of private television broadcasters.
Inadequate satellite capacity has been a frequent complaint of private sector users - mainly broadcasters and VSAT operators. Once the new spacecraft starts working in the coming weeks, the issue of capacity crunch should somewhat ease as it reaches a total of 331 transponders, Dr. Radhakrishnan agreed.
With the next one, a similar GSAT-15, due to go in orbit in October next year, Dr. Radhakrishnan said, "Now we are not talking about very big [transponder] gaps. That phase has gone."
"For [further] requirement we have registered the foreign vendors whom we will be putting in touch with users. In case they not getting here will get them with foreign operators back to back arrangement pressure on capacity
"Of course we must also take care of it when older satellites get to the end of their lives. INSAT-3A, for example, is expected to come to an end in the next financial year. 3C may complete life in 2016-17. So we are replacing satellites on the one side, increasing the number on the other. As a third strategy, we have to put satellites with new capability, such as the GSAT-11."
The heavy, 4-to-6-tonne new class of advanced communication satellite, GSAT-11, is currently slated for 2016-17 and will create 32 spot beams.
About GSAT-16:
December 5, 2:08 a.m. (IST)
Mass

Terps wide receiver Deon Long joined #BlackLivesMatter protest outside Xfinity CenterBy Des Bieler December 4 Follow @DesBieler
While people were filing into Xfinity Center Wednesday to watch Maryland take on Virginia, a group of protesters was outside. Students were expressing their outrage over a grand jury’s decision not to bring charges against a New York police officer in the death of Eric Garner, as well as similar recent incidents such as the cases of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., and Tamir Rice in Cleveland.
“Hands up don’t shoot” student protesters march to Xfinity Center. @thedbk https://t.co/nQE4ch7fQn
— Madeleine List (@madeleine_list) December 4, 2014
“No justice, no peace, no racist police” – student protesters chant at die-in outside Xfinity Center @thedbk pic.twitter.com/YtzYvbF7Wy — Madeleine List (@madeleine_list) December 4, 2014
Among those protesters was Maryland wide receiver Deon Long, who held a sign that read, “Are we still “thugs” when you pay to watch us play sports? #BlackLivesMatter.”
— JMan (@BeBreezyMan) December 4, 2014
It is unclear if any other athletes participated in the protest.
This former editor and part-time writer at The Post is now happy to prove that if you combine 'blowhard' and 'blaggard,' you get 'blogger.' He previously had used 'Desmond Bieler' as his byline, but feels that shortening the first name to 'Des' nicely conveys his ever-decreasing gravitas. He also covers Fantasy Football.

ICICI Bank nears 52-week high on stock splitICICI Bank nears 52-week high on stock split
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 16:59 IST
The stock of ICICI Bank rose near its 52-week high on Thursday after subdivision of shares.
On 21 November 2014, the bank informed the BSE that the bank has fixed record date as December 05, 2014 for the purpose of ascertaining the eligible shareholders who would be entitled to receive 5 (Five) equity shares of nominal value of Rs. 2/- each in lieu of 1 (One) equity share of nominal value of Rs 10 each of the Bank.
Hence, a person holding 10 shares would receive 50 shares of the bank.
The stock closed 0.90 per cent higher at Rs 361 on the BSE. In early trade, the stock rose to Rs 365.9, near its 52-week high of 366.30.

Protests in New York as policeman cleared of Eric Garner s deathProtests in New York as policeman cleared of Eric Garner's death
AFP
New York, December 04, 2014
First Published: 13:13 IST(4/12/2014)
print
Thousands of protesters hit the streets of New York after a grand jury declined on Wednesday to charge a white police officer in the choking death of a black man, days after a similar decision sparked unrest in US cities.
Soon after the decision by the grand jury, hundreds of protesters converged on Rockefeller Center and in New York City's iconic Times Square chanting "No justice, no peace," the rallying cry of demonstrators already angered by a separate grand jury decision last week not to indict a white policeman in the fatal shooting of black teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri.
Police made at least 30 arrests, New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton said.
A series of small protests converged into a march of about 5,000 people down Broadway and eventually into Times Square, the Washington Post reported. Drivers stuck in traffic by the march honked their horns in solidarity, the paper said.
Both cases, coupled with the death of a 12-year-old black boy who was gunned down by police officers in Ohio while handling a toy pistol in a playground, have reignited a longstanding debate in the United States about relations between law enforcement and African-Americans, as well as accusations of overly aggressive policing.
Following Wednesday's jury decision, attorney general Eric Holder said the US justice department will launch a federal civil rights investigation into the case of Eric Garner, 43, who died after being placed in a chokehold by New York police officer Daniel Pantaleo while being arrested on suspicion of selling untaxed cigarettes on Staten Island, a NYC borough.
An amateur video of the arrest shows Garner, a heavy set man who suffered from asthma and had six children, gasping "I can't breathe, I can't breathe" as police officers held him to the ground with his throat constricted.
Holder's announcement means Pantaleo could still face trial.
Protesters in Times Square waved signs with messages such as "Black lives matter," and "Respect human lives."
There was another protest at Grand Central Terminal, where about 50 protesters lay, pretending to be dead, and on Staten Island, where Garner's clash with police happened.
Small demonstrations also broke out in Harlem, Union Square and Columbus Circle, while there were similarly small but peaceful protests in Washington, DC.
In New York, demonstrator Susan Schneider told AFP: "The police has impunity. They can run away whatever they do.
"And when you see them on the streets, how they are equipped, it's like war. It's worse than in the 60s. The racism is more strong now."
Video: Protests in New York as cop cleared
'An American problem'
The July death of Garner is one of a string of high-profile, racially charged incidents in which white police officers have been accused of using unreasonable force or being too quick to fire at black suspects.
Garner's widow, Esaw Garner, said she rejected Pantaleo's apology.
"Hell, no," Garner said, according to the New York Times. "The time for remorse for the death of my husband was when he was yelling to breathe."
"He's still feeding his kids," Garner said, "and my husband is six feet under and I'm looking for a way to feed my kids now."
In brief comments following the grand jury decision, Barack Obama - the first black president of the US - addressed the inherent mistrust many African Americans have of police.
"We're seeing too many instances where people do not have confidence that folks are being treated fairly," Obama said.
"In some cases, those may be misperceptions, but in some cases that's a reality, and it is incumbent upon all of us as Americans... that we recognize this is an American problem and not just a black problem or a brown problem."
The August shooting death of 18-year-old Brown by a white policeman in Ferguson sparked consecutive nights of violence and became a rallying cry for African-American communities across the United States fed up with what they say is racially biased policing.
A grand jury in that case also decided not to charge the white officer involved, triggering demonstrations in cities across America last week and into the weekend.
Wearable cameras for cops
A New York City medical examiner had ruled Garner's death a homicide caused in part by the chokehold used during the arrest.
Mayor De Blasio has said authorities need to address the "underlying reality" highlighted by the deaths of Brown and Garner.
De Blasio, who is white, has a mixed-race son and said he is well aware of the difficulties young black people can face.
"We've had to literally train him, as families have all over this city for decades, in how to take special care in any encounter he has with the police," the mayor said.
De Blasio noted that America is "dealing with centuries of racism."
New York authorities announced a pilot program to equip about three dozen police officers with body cameras to record their behaviour towards the public. 
De Blasio hailed the tool as "one of the ways to create a real sense of transparency and accountability."
Video: Eric Garner's family asks for peace as protests erupt

Sadbhav Engineering Hits 52-Week High After Unit Files for IPOOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Sadbhav Engineering shares on Thursday gained over 7 per cent to hit a fresh 52-week high of Rs 284.9. The surge comes after its shares gained 7 per cent yesterday, following its subsidiary Sadbhav Infrastructure Projects filing a draft red herring prospectus with the market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India.
The public issue will consist of a fresh issue of equity shares of Rs 10 aggregating up to Rs 600 crore and an offer for sale of up to 16.18 million shares by Xander Investment Holding XVII and Norwest Venture Partners VII-A-Mauritius.
Nitin Patel, executive director, at Sadbhav Engineering told NDTV that this will unlock the value for the shareholders of Sadbhav Engineering as it holds nearly 78 per cent stake in Sadbhav Infrastructure.
In last eight years Sadbhav Engineering has made investment in various Special Purpose Vehicle (SPVs) of Sadbhav Infrastructure which are now generating revenue, said Mr patel.
Sadbhav Infrastructure currently has a total of 10 projects as of now and three more projects are under acquisition, added Mr Patel.
Shares in Sadbhav Engineering ended 1.85 per cent higher at Rs 269.45 apiece, outperforming the broader Nifty which closed 0.3 per cent higher on Thursday.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 15:42 (IST)

Alok Industries Shares Jump 14% After Block DealYou are here: Home Market
Alok Industries Shares Jump 14% After Block Deal
NDTV | Updated On: December 04, 2014 15:46 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Shares in Alok Industries jumped nearly 14 per cent to a day high of Rs 12.35 on Thursday after block deals on both the BSE and NSE.
As of 1.05 p.m., a combined 7.4 crore Alok Industries shares changed hands as compared to a two-week average volume of nearly 70 lakh shares.
Last month, the company had decided to raise Rs 2,000 crore in next two years by selling land.
Alok Industries shares have underperformed the broader Nifty in last six months, falling nearly 11 per cent in last six months in comparison to 13 per cent gain in the Nifty.
Shares in Alok Industries ended 12.44 per cent higher at Rs 12.20 apiece, outperforming the broader Nifty which ended 0.3 per cent higher on Thursday.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 15:45 (IST)

All constituents of Janata Parivar decide to merge  Mulayam responsible for formation of new partyDec 04, 2014 at  03:06pm IST
All constituents of Janata Parivar decide to merge, Mulayam responsible for formation of new party
26
0
New Delhi: All constituents of the Janata Parivaar have decided to come together once again and form a party to fight against the Bharatiya Janata Party. Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav has been given the authority to take decisions regarding the merger and decide the agenda of the proposed party.
"Yadavji will work on the modalities and the process will be decided in the future meetings of the alliance," JDU leader Nitish Kumar said in New Delhi on Thursday.
Criticising the ruling BJP-led government at the Centre, Nitish said that the promises made during the Lok Sabha election campaign have not been fulfilled. "There needs to be a strong opposition against the government. If we are united, our voice will be stronger. We have together to ensure unity," Nitish said.
#nitish kumar #mulayam singh yadav #janata parivar #sharad yadav
He also said that they will work together to get more parties on board to fight against the BJP. "There are many other parties which may not have been a part of the Janata Parivar, but they might want to join us today. Yadavji will work to get such parties together," Nitish said.
The decision to form a new party was taken in a meeting held at Mulayam Singh Yadav's residence in Delhi on Thursday. The constituents of the Janata Parivar - Samajwadi Party's Mulayam Singh Yadav, Janata Dal United's Nitish Kumar and Sharad Yadav along with JDS supremo HD Deve Gowda and INLD leader Abhay Chautala were some of the leaders who attended the meeting.
79

Modi disapproves Niranjan Jyoti s remarks  oppn wants her sackedModi disapproves Jyoti's remarks, Oppn not happy
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 04, 2014
First Published: 12:05 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:28 IST(5/12/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's statement in Rajya Sabha Thursday strongly criticising his minister Sadhvi  Niranjan Jyoti's controversial remarks and requesting the House to function normally failed to placate opposition MPs who continued to press for her resignation.
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
With opposition parties stalling proceedings in Rajya Sabha for past three days demanding sacking of the minister, Modi appealed to members to allow the House to function in national interest as she has already apologised.
"I was informed about the statement which caused the controversy on the day BJP parliamentary party was to meet. In the meeting I strongly disapproved of the remarks and I said we should avoid using such language," he said.
Leaders should avoid using such language in the heat of elections, he said.
Modi said Jyoti is a first time minister and a new member of Parliament and the House should show magnanimity by accepting her apology considering this.
"When the minister has apologised, I appeal and request the House (to resume normal business)... In national interest, we must carry forward work (of the House)," he said, adding members should maintain decorum.
Modi said he shared the view that after the minister's apology, the matter should be considered closed.
Modi came to the House when it reassembled after a 15-minute adjournment forced by the opposition members demanding resignation of the minister.
As soon as the House met for the day, the entire opposition was on its feet to press for the demand.
As deputy chairman PJ Kurien asked ministers to lay the listed papers, slogan shouting Congress members trooped into the Well.
The slogan shouting continued even after he took up Zero Hour mentions.
With members unrelenting, he adjourned the House for 15 minutes.
When the House reassembled, parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu said the Prime Minister wants to make a statement and he be allowed to do so.
Unmoved opposition
But the Congress and Left parties ignored Modi's request and stood firm on their demand for the minister's resignation.
"The minister's apology is evidence enough that she has made the controversial remark. She should be sacked from the ministry," CPI(M) leader Sitaram Yechury said.
Congress leader Anand Sharma said the Prime Minister should take strong action against the minister as the Constitution does not permit such utterances.
Finance minister and leader of House Arun Jaitley said the Opposition had been demanding that the Prime Minister come to the House and make a statement. Now that Modi has made the statement, the House should get on to its business, he said.
Yechuri said the minister had not apologised and had merely expressed regret.
"Assuming that she has apologised... you apologise only when you have done some wrong," he said, demanding action against the minister.
'Brute majority'
In Lok Sabha a determined opposition sought a statement from the Prime Minister as the House witnessed uproar for the third straight day.
Amid protests by the ruling side, Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge accused the government of attempting to suppress the opposition through "brute majority".
"The Prime Minister is the leader of all. He is the Prime Minister of the country and only he can control or direct his ministers... The whole country wants that such statements need to be condemned and that is why the entire Opposition is requesting for his statement," Kharge said.
His remarks came amid din over the issue as members of several parties including Congress and Trinamool Congress stormed the Well and raised slogans during the Question Hour.
"You are the custodian and only you can check such attitude and behaviour of the government... I am not saying that you have come under their pressure," he told Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
The Speaker denied any pressure on the Chair and said she had to "maintain a balance" as she had to listen to "400 members who also want to ask questions and want proceedings to continue".
"No issue raised by the opposition has gone unnoticed," Mahajan said, adding that in Jyoti's case, the minister has herself apologised and the parliamentary affairs minister has made an appropriate statement.
"Therefore the matter should end there," she observed.
Jyoti, minister of state for food processing industries, had apologised in Parliament on Tuesday, reportedly on the orders of the Prime Minister, but opposition parties like the Left want her sacked and say she must face criminal charges for trying to incite communal hatred.
"The people of Delhi have to decide if they want a government of Ramzaadon (descendants of Ram) or haramzaadon (those who are illegitimately born)," Jyoti had reportedly had said at a public meeting in Delhi on Monday.
The comment created an uproar in both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha over the last three days.
While the din in the lower house settled after Jyoti offered to apologise, members in Rajya Sabha refused to back down, and demanded that she be sacked from the Council of Ministers..
Sadhvi calls off Delhi poll meet
Meanwhile, Sadhvi  cancelled an election rally in the Capital — her second show in as many days.
The evening rally in central Delhi’s Gole Market was junked a day after she was a no-show at a scheduled meeting in south Delhi’s Sheikh Sarai. Phonecalls made by HT to Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay went unanswered.
The cancellations come in the wake of outrage over her expletives-laden speech at a poll meeting on Monday, where she said, “Aapko tay karna hai ki Dilli mein sarkar Ramzadon ki banegi ya haramzadon ki (you have to decide if you want a government in Delhi to be led by children of Ram or illegitimate children).”
(With PTI inputs)

Rupee Ends Little Changed at 61.92/DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends Little Changed at 61.92/Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: December 04, 2014 17:22 (IST)
Mumbai: The rupee ended little changed on Thursday, as gains in domestic shares were offset by caution ahead of the European Central Bank (ECB) policy meeting later in the day.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.9250/9350 per dollar compared with 61.9050/9150 on Wednesday.
Although the ECB is not expected to announce immediate actions such as a potential plan to buy corporate bonds, it is expected to downgrade growth and inflation forecasts.
Further, US November non-farm payrolls data due on Friday will also be watched.
Traders said relatively healthy domestic shares and potential support from the Reserve Bank of India would likely prevent the rupee from falling too much compared to other Asian currencies.
"Even if the rupee weakens from hereon, there will be buying support at 62.30/40 levels. So the downside for the currency in the immediate term is in a way limited," said Surendran A.V., head of treasury at Dhanlaxmi Bank in Mumbai.
The local unit saw some support after the Nifty hit a record high on continued hopes for global monetary stimulus measures.
Trading volumes could take a hit on Friday, as staff at state-run lenders in the Western region, including Mumbai, will be off work. Bank unions across India are pressing for early wage increases through a four-day relay strike action.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards market, the one-month contract was at 62.18/28, while the three-month was at 62.70/80.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Shipping stocks up 4-14% as RBI may relax rules for sectorDec 04, 2014, 03.47 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shipping stocks up 4-14% as RBI may relax rules for sector
The government today asked Reserve Bank of India to relax rules to revive the shipbuilding industry.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shipping stocks up 4-14% as RBI may relax rules for sector
The government today asked Reserve Bank of India to relax rules to revive the shipbuilding industry.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shipping stocks saw huge buying interest Thursday on hopes of relaxations in rules for the sector.  Bharati Shipyard rallied nearly 14 percent followed by ABG Shipyard , Varun Shipping , SCI ,  Shreyas Shipping and  Pipavav Defence with 4-5 percent gains.
The government today asked Reserve Bank of India to relax rules to revive the shipbuilding industry. The government also asked RBI and finance ministry to sanction special dispensation for 5 years.
The shipping ministry in previous month had asked the RBI to relax rules so that shipping companies, which have been reporting losses, can go for debt restructuring. If the bank eases rules, then shipbuilding companies can raise more money for their expansion plans after debt restructuring.
Meanwhile, for the revival of the industry, the government on Monday also launched the PM JalMargYojna and projects for setting up dry and satellite ports, besides converting riverways into waterways.

Madhya Pradesh: BJP sweeps local body electionsmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Justice VR Krishna Iyer dies at 100Dec 04, 2014 at  05:35pm IST
Justice VR Krishna Iyer dies at 100
14
0
Kochi: Former Supreme Court judge VR Krishna Iyer passed away on Thursday at the age of 100 in a private hospital in Kochi, Kerala.
Iyer was suffering from kidney related problems and was admitted to the hospital on November 24. He died at around 3:30 pm on Thursday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi mourned Iyer's death. "My association with Justice Krishna Iyer was special. My mind goes back to our conversations & the insightful letters he would write to me... Whenever I would meet or talk to him, I would find him full of enthusiasm, always talking about the well-being of India. A remarkable man!.. May Justice Krishna Iyer's soul attain eternal peace. My thoughts are with his family during this moment of immense sadness," tweeted the PM.
#vr krishna iyer #supreme court #judge #emergency
Senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani said, "He set the standard of the judicial of the country.. This is a serious loss."
Iyer is often referred to as the man who "triggered Emergency". He was the sitting judge in Supreme Court when then prime minister Indira Gandhi proclaimed Emergency.
203

PM should sack the BJP minister  let the House function: Derek O BrienIPL: Sundar Raman pulled up by SC, questions BCCI's rule 6.2.4
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

MAPS: How Europe became a greener continent over the last 100 yearsBy Rick Noack December 4 Follow @rick_n
Within the last 100 years, Europe has experienced two World Wars, the end of communism, the emergence of the European Union and a series of other transformative political and economic developments. A team of scientists has now been able to visualize the impact of historical events in maps that show the growth and decline of settlements, forests and croplands.
The map, shown above, is the result of a research project led by Dutch scholar Richard Fuchs from the University of Wageningen. Besides regional political and economic trends, Europe's landscape was shaped by several larger developments of the 20th century, according to Fuchs.
The following maps preview some of the affected regions which we will explain and show in detail throughout this post.
"More than 100 years ago, timber was used for almost everything: as fuel wood, for metal production, furniture, house construction. Hence, at around 1900 there was hardly any forest areas left in Europe. Especially after World War II, many countries started massive afforestation programs which are still running today," Fuchs told The Washington Post.
As a result, Europe's forests grew by a third over the last 100 years. At the same time, cropland decreased due to technological innovations such as motorization, better drainage and irrigation systems: Relatively fewer area was needed to produce the same amount of food. Furthermore, many people migrated from rural to urban areas, or overseas.
Fuchs' fascinating conclusion: Forests and settlements grew at the same time and Europe is a much greener continent today than it was 100 years ago. A closer look at different regions and countries reveals Europe's recovery from the deforestation of past centuries.
In France, Spain and Italy, reforestation was particularly visible
In the southern French region of Vaucluse, entire mountain ranges were de-forested at the beginning of the 20th century, but the country invested heavily to reverse the trend. Meanwhile, agricultural projects in southern Spain transformed once arid, barren areas into profitable agricultural fields or even forests.
A similar development was documented in Italy. Former cropland were abandoned due to market competition, urbanization and emigration. Today, many parts of the Apennine Mountains (located on the right side of the map below) are dominated by grasslands and forests again.
The end of communism also led to forest growth in eastern Europe
In eastern Europe, many forests re-grew after the end of the Soviet Union. Fuchs and his colleagues explain the development with the fact that many privatized agricultural farms were less competitive on the global market. Therefore, farmers abandoned unprofitable cropland. Particularly in Romania and Poland, former cropland was taken back by nature afterward, first turning into grassland and later into forests.
In the 1990s, Europe also introduced a Common Agricultural Policy which stated that only highly productive areas should be used as cropland, in order to prevent inefficiency. Hence, fields got continuously bigger to better manage and maintain them with machines. Marginal land, however, was given up.
Scandinavian forests recovered to supply other countries
 
To the north of formerly communist Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, Scandinavian countries were able to re-grow most of their forests (and are continuing to do so today) to keep up with timer demand, as they substituted most other suppliers in Europe that had practically used up most of their own wood resources.
Elsewhere, re-forestation programs soon had a visible impact, as well...
... as more and more people moved into urban areas 
What you see here is among of the most populous areas of Europe: London (the growing, red area in the upper part of the picture), Paris (lower left side), and Brussels (in the middle). Although London experienced its most significant population growth in the 19th century, the city's suburbs grew massively in the 20th century and continue to do so.
The city of Paris itself actually lost inhabitants over the 20th century due to gentrification and higher rents, but you can clearly see how its suburbs became more and more populous throughout the century.
Britain recovered from excessive timber demand, as the Netherlands expanded its forests
Both the Netherlands and Britain had empires that relied heavily on the sea and their naval strength. In order to build ships, they needed wood -- and in 1900, only 2 - 3 percent of their territory was still covered with forests. Both countries have since been able to increase their forest area to 10-12 percent, as data from 2010 shows. The Netherlands also pursued another major project, visible on maps: It reclaimed the Zuiderzee bay with dams and drainage systems to gain more land.
A closer look at England and Ireland shows that both countries are nevertheless still mainly covered with grassland, while re-forestation has been particularly successful in Scotland.
Lazaro Gamio contributed to this post. 
Rick Noack writes about foreign affairs. He is an Arthur F. Burns Fellow at The Washington Post.

Kerala Gem and Jewellery show from Dec. 6Kerala Gem and Jewellery show from Dec. 6
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, Dec. 4:  
The seventh edition of Kerala Gem & Jewellery Show (KGJS 2014) will be held from December 6 to 8 at CIAL Exhibition centre.
P.V.Jose, Convenor, KGJS 2014 said that the 3-day event brings together India’s finest jewellery manufacturers and technology service providers showcasing their latest products and designs to the jewellery retailers from across south India, Dubai, Malaysia, Singapore and USA.
Various trade associations like Jewellery Manufacturers Association of Kerala, All Kerala Gold and Silver Merchants Association, Kerala Jewellery Federation, Gold and Silver Dealers Association, Indian Bullion and Jewellers Association, Indian Jewellers Association and Dubai Gold and Jewellery Group are supporting the event.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Centre plans to set up Rs 10 000 cr electronics fundCentre plans to set up Rs 10,000 cr electronics fund
Press Trust of India | Kolkata Dec 04, 2014 04:16 PM IST
The Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DEITY) is planning to set up a Rs 10,000 crore fund for innovation and development purposes in the sector, a top government official said today.
"The department will set up a Rs 10,000-crore corpus to fund innovation in electronics and IT," DEITY secretary R S Sharma said.
The department would rope in existing venture capitalists (VC) for selecting the start-ups where funds would be made available for starting innovation exercise, Sharma told reporters on the sidelines of Infocomm 2014 here today.
He said the department would pick stake in the VCs to a maximum limit of 20 per cent.
Sharma added that with the huge quantum of electronics products being imported into the country at present, there was a need to increase domestic production.
"Now the electronics import bill is $100 billion. This will go up to $400 billion by 2020," he said at the event.
"This will become unsustainable as the electronics import bill would exceed that of oil," he said.
The official said the government was actively trying to promote innovation as there was a need to acquire substantial Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) for the country's developmental efforts.

Phenomenal Sergio Aguero playing like one of thegodsBy: Reuters | London |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:41 pm
Manchester City’s Argentine striker Sergio Aguero was named Player of the Year in a vote by 250,000 English fans this week — and it probably won’t be the last honour he picks up this season.
The 26-year-old, who won the Premier League title with City in May and reached the World Cup final with Argentina in July, topped the Football Supporters Federation poll, ahead of City team mate Yaya Toure, Liverpool’s Raheem Sterling, Morgan Schneiderlin of Southampton and the Chelsea duo of Eden Hazard and Branislav Ivanovic.
He has scored 19 goals in all competitions already this season and 30 in his last 33 Premier League games and his unstoppable rocket from 20 meters which pulled City level at Sunderland on Wednesday left Sunderland substitute Jozy Altidore exclaiming “Oh My God!”.
Aguero has been playing like one of the gods all year and after being honoured by the FSF at its annual gala dinner in London on Monday, he said that the title race was far from over even though City trailed leader Chelsea by six points.
“We are two games behind them, six points, but there is still a long way to go.
“What is in our favour is that City know how to catch teams — we’ve done it in the past and can do it again.”
Aguero himself is hitting top form with a phenomenal run in recent weeks starting at the end of October when he scored all four in City’s 4-1 win over Tottenham Hotspur.
He followed that with two against Queens Park Rangers in a 2-2 draw and a match-winning hat-trick in City’s 3-2 win over Bayern Munich in the Champions League last week.
His two goals in City’s 4-1 win at Sunderland on Wednesday rook his tally to 11 goals in his last nine league games.
City coach Manuel Pellegrini said after the Sunderland victory: “At this moment, it is difficult for defences to stop him. He is playing a very high performance but there are so many years left for him to strengthen.
“Even before he started scoring in these games in a row, I thought he was in the top five players in the world. I am very happy for him.”
A candidate for the FIFA World XI and the FIFpro World XI, Aguero is also the front-runner for the English Footballer of the Year award at the end of this season.

University of Hyderabad begins admissions for 2015-16University of Hyderabad begins admissions for 2015-16
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 4:  
The admissions process for the academic year 2015-16 in the University of Hyderabad (UoH), a premier Central University, has commenced.
The candidates who are interesting in pursuing various integrated post-graduate, post graduate and Ph.D research programmes in various disciplines would have to take an all-India entrance examination.
The forms for applying online will be available from December 8, 2014 and the last date for receiving online applications is January 9, 2015. The entrance examinations will be held all over India from February 8 to 14, 2015.
The details of the courses and information on how to apply can be had from the university portal. Applications should be submitted online to the University along with the entrance examination fee of Rs 350 for each course in the case of General/OBC category and Rs150 for each course in the case of SC, ST, and PWD categories, the university said in a release issued here on Thursday.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Funniest tweets about Indias World Cup probables and the leftoutsBy: Express News Service |
Posted: December 4, 2014 6:05 pm
There is nothing that can keep people reacting on the 30 probables selected for the World Cup on social media. Twitterati made things funny. Read the funniest tweets below:
RT if you want Sunil Gavaskar in the World Cup squad..
— Rajat Kapoor (@mrrajatkapoor) December 4, 2014
Sehwag is like, Chalo koi nahin. March-April waise bhi admissions ka time hota hai. School ke kaam me busy rahoonga..
— Gappistan Radio (@GappistanRadio) December 4, 2014
View: Only 4 players retained from 2011 WC winning squad. Counterview: Almost the entire 2013 Champions trophy winning squad is retained.

Yes  the character is gay: ManojBajpayeeBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 6:04 pm
Actor Manoj Bajpayee has confirmed that he will be seen playing a gay professor in Hansal Mehta’s next, putting to rest all speculations.
“Yes, the character is that of a 60-year-old professor who is gay. We are going to start shooting in January and the preparations have already started,” said Manoj.
Mehta, who found prominence since he directed critically acclaimed ‘Shahid’, based the film on the life of slain lawyer and human rights activist Shahid Azmi.
Now his film with Manoj is inspired by a suspended professor at Aligarh University who was filmed on spy-cam having consensual sex with a rickshaw-puller just days before he was going to retire.

Didier Drogba rolls back years as Chelsea poweronBy: Reuters | London |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:59 pm
Nothing, it seems, can deflect Chelsea from their pursuit of the Premier League title, not even the absence of their leading striker Diego Costa.
Wednesday’s 3-0 victory over Tottenham Hotspur was achieved without the Spain international who was suspended, but then again, the man filling his boots was Didier Drogba.
The Ivorian, who scored 157 goals in his first spell at the club, returned on a one-year deal this season and despite being 36, showed just why he and Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho, who first signed him in 2004, are apparently inseparable.
Drogba set up Eden Hazard for Chelsea’s first goal after 19 minutes with a superb one-two and three minutes later powered through to belt his side’s second past Spurs keeper Hugo Lloris.
Even when he was substituted later, Loic Remy took his chance to score Chelsea’s third and crush any hope Tottenham had of mounting a comeback.
“Drogba is a team player … he has an old-time mentality, he’s not selfish, he’s not vain, he’s humble and he fights for the team,” Mourinho told reporters.
“He hasn’t surprised me at all (since returning). I played against him with Real Madrid and I played against him with Chelsea against Galatasaray.
“I could see the potential he still has and I was expecting exactly this, I had no doubt about him. From a mental point, for not starting every game, I knew he would adapt to this new role.”
Chelsea were second-best for the opening 20 minutes when Tottenham’s Harry Kane headed against the crossbar, but once ahead they never looked like surrendering their unbeaten start to the season or their six-point lead over Manchester City.
They go to Newcastle United on Saturday when they will be without midfielder Nemanja Matic who picked up a fifth yellow card against Tottenham.
Mourinho shrugged that off, such is his confidence in a squad bulging with quality and experience.
“We don’t cry about it, we give confidence to the others and they respond in the best way,” he said.
“No problem….we play another one. No one remembered Diego Costa tonight. We don’t cry.”
Mourinho still has not lost a Premier League London derby at Stamford Bridge and has only suffered three defeats in 46 league clashes against London rivals, while Tottenham have not won in the league at the ground since 1990 when Gary Lineker scored the winner.
“To be fair, many of our players don’t know and I believe that many of the Spurs players don’t know that, I think it doesn’t play a part,” Mourinho said.
“But yeah it’s a long time. I think Lineker is happy.”

Bank of England keeps rates on hold at recor...Bank of England keeps rates on hold at record low
Reuters Dec 4, 2014, 05.56PM IST
Tags:
Bank of England
(Bank of England kept interest…)
LONDON: The Bank of England kept interest rates at a record low on Thursday as policymakers gave more weight to the risks from low inflation and a weak global economic outlook than to a strong recovery at home.
The BoE's Monetary Policy Committee, as expected, left its Bank rate at 0.5 per cent, where it has been since the depths of the financial crisis nearly six years ago, and made no statement.
Britain's consumer-led recovery looks set to slow down only modestly going into 2015, but economists and financial markets expect no rate hike until deep into next year.
Weak pay growth, inflation running well below the BoE's 2 per cent target and a poor outlook for the euro zone have convinced most of the MPC's nine members to keep interest rates on hold.
Still, minutes from last month's meeting showed that some of the seven members who have been voting to keep rates on hold were increasingly worried about the risk of inflation pressures building up.
Britain looks set for more fiscal austerity in the coming years that may pressure the BoE to keep monetary policy loose.
Finance minister George Osborne's latest update to his austerity plans, delivered on Wednesday, are set to take public spending as a share of the economy to its lowest level in 80 years, the country's fiscal watchdog said.
The Office for Budget Responsibility also forecast that economic growth is expected to slow from 3 per cent this year - its fastest pace in more than a decade - to 2.4 per cent in 2015 and 2.2 per cent in 2016.
The European Central Bank meets on Thursday too, and is expected to make plain the economic malaise in the euro zone, Britain's biggest trading partner.
Financial markets are pricing in a first BoE interest rate hike around the end of next year or early 2016. Economists polled by Reuters last week said it would come in the third quarter of next year.
Business surveys this week continued to show a strong domestic recovery, even if there are lingering worries about Britain's reliance on consumers to drive the economy.
Britons increased their borrowing at the fastest rate since the financial crisis in October, according to the latest BoE data, while mortgage approvals again slowed.
Figures on Thursday from mortgage lender Halifax showed house price growth slowed again in the three months to November.
The Bank of England has welcomed signs the housing market is cooling off after double-digit price gains earlier this year, restrained in part by new controls on mortgage lending.
Osborne overhauled taxes on property purchases on Wednesday, however, saying 98 per cent of home-buyers will see their related tax bill reduced.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Eminent jurist V R Krishna Iyer passes awayEminent jurist V R Krishna Iyer passes away
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times   December 04, 2014
First Published: 17:15 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 17:35 IST(4/12/2014)
Comments
Legal luminary and former judge of the Supreme Court Justice V R Krishna Iyer passed away in a private hospital in Kochi Thursday evening. He was 100 years old.
In November, his centenary was celebrated well in the state and Prime Minister Narendra Modi was expected to meet him later this month.
A freedom fighter, orator and social activist he was also a minister in the first democratically elected Communist government of EMS Namboodiripad. In 1980s he unsuccessfully contested against R Venkataraman for the President's post with the help of left parties.
A socialist at heart, many eyebrows were raised when he praised Modi all of a sudden. Later Modi had called on him a number of occasions. In an interview to the Hindustan Times last month the veteran had said Modi’s simplicity and humble nature attracted him.
Often considered as a last word in country's legal world Iyer was spearheading several mass movements in the country. “When Iyer speaks the entire country listens,” noted lawyer Fali S Nariman once said. He was conferred Padma Bhushan in 1999.  He also authored more than 100 books.  Kerala Governor Justice Sadasivam and Chief Minister Oommen Chandy condoled the death of Iyer. 

Five children killed as train rams into school vanComments
Four children and the driver of a school van were killed on Thursday when their vehicle was hit by a Varanasi-bound passenger train at an unmanned railway crossing in Mau district of Uttar Pradesh.
The incident brings to focus the problem of the 11,000 unmanned crossings in India which pose many dangers.
The van had 22 children on board — from kindergarten to Class 5 — all of whom studied in Dharam Dev DD Convent School. The driver and four children were killed on the spot in the head-on collision. Of the other 18 children on board, eight are in serious condition.
The police has said that as per preliminary investigation the driver’s negligence led to the crash – he was allegedly listening to music on his earphones as he drove. The children reportedly tried warning him as they saw the train, but he was too busy listening to music.
The news of the accident was brought up in Parliament and railways minister Suresh Prabhu Prabhu said “negligent driving by the driver” was to be blamed for the accident. He is currently in Mau monitoring the rescue and relief work.

Karunanidhi takes swipe at Tamil Nadu CM over seating arrangements in AssemblyDec 04, 2014 at  05:16pm IST
Karunanidhi takes swipe at Tamil Nadu CM over seating arrangements in Assembly
16
0
Chennai: Peeved over the seating arrangements in the Tamil Nadu Assembly, DMK president M Karunanidhi on Thursday took a swipe at Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam and said an "ailing" person like him, who had participated in debates for over 50 years, had been disregarded.
After signing the Assembly attendance register, Karunanidhi, who has been wheel-chair bound for the past few years, told the media outside the House, "Tamil Nadu's present Chief Minister Panneerselvam had given a statement. I came here believing him. But, there was no proper seating arrangement for people like me, who are ailing."
The DMK chief has been engaged in a war of words with Panneerselvam over convening of the Assembly to discuss issues like inter-state water disputes and power crisis. Ruling AIADMK has been accusing him of avoiding Assembly sessions since it was elected to power in the 2011 polls.
Karunanidhi, who has been wheel-chair bound for the past few years, told the media outside the House, "Tamil Nadu's present Chief Minister Panneerselvam had given a statement. I came here believing him. But, there was no proper seating arrangement for people like me, who are ailing."
#karunanidhi #jayalalithaa #aiadmk #dmk
Citing arrangements for the differently-abled in Rajya Sabha in Delhi, where facilities such as separate seating have been made for ailing people, he said, "I have seen ailing people participate in Parliament proceedings. I came here believing such facilities would have been made available. But it is painful to see how people feel it would be better that I left the place."
The 90-year-old leader said, "I have been taking part in Assembly proceedings for over 50 years. That too I have not lost an election in these 50 years and have functioned well. I have performed my Assembly responsibilities. But you are seeing the kind of respect given to me. I did not expect everyone to welcome me. I came here thinking a seat would be enough for me. I could not even enter the House."
Karunanidhi said, "I hoped that at least a separate chair would have been kept ready. There was no such chair. So, I have come to understand that they do not like me to participate in the House proceedings," he said. After signing the register in the Assembly, he left without attending the proceedings.
This is the first Assembly session for Panneerselvam as the Chief Minister after taking over the reins from Jayalalithaa, following her conviction by a special court in Bengaluru in a disproportionate assets case.
2

Wind Gusts Stall Launch of New Orion SpacecraftIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

8 ways to play stalling stocks8 ways to play stalling stocks
Wednesday,  3 Dec 2014 |  5:00  PM ET
The "Fast Money" traders give 8 ways to play stalling stocks.
SHARES
Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis
© 2014 CNBC LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

Ratan Tata-backed Urban Ladder selects 16 students from IIT-MadrasRatan Tata-backed Urban Ladder selects 16 students from IIT-Madras
BS Reporter | Chennai Dec 04, 2014 05:46 PM IST
Ratan Tata-backed e-commerce firm Urban Ladder has selected 16 students from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras (IIT-M), the highest on the third day of the placement event in the institute. A total of 86 offer letters were issued by the companies to the IIT-M students on the day.
During the last three days total offers (including MBA) was 487 (315 last year) and total students placed (including MBA) were 418 (275). Number of companies (including MBA) was 89 (64).
On the third day, on Thursday, 51 offers were made in the forenoon session and 35 offers were made in the afternoon session.
The other major corporates who have selected the students, today, include Tata Motors (7 students selected), Caterpillar (5), Tiger Analytics (5), Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (4), Futures First Info Services (4), Citriks R&D India (4), Cemer Corporation (3), NetApp (3) SanDisk (3), Shapoorji Pallonji & Co Ltd and others.

Mitsubishi Electric bets on Gujarat s growing Japan linkMitsubishi Electric bets on Gujarat's growing Japan link
Sohini Das | Ahmedabad Dec 04, 2014 09:21 PM IST
Japanese firm Mitsubishi Electric's Indian subsidiary, which opened a factory automation center here today, is betting on Gujarat's growing Japan connect to drive its future business in the state.
This would be Mistubishi Electric India's fifth factory automation center, which will train and offer services to clients who have opted for Mitsubishi's automation equipment and solutions.
"We supply motors for the robotic arms in pharmaceuticals and automotive plants. Basically, we work with companies to increase plant automation and efficiency levels in an energy efficient manner," said Noriyuki Shimizu, deputy managing director, division manager, Factory Automation and Industrial Division of Mitsubishi Electric India.
He added that the company has a strong presence already in states like Maharashtra and Haryana, where it enjoys a 20 per cent market share in the factory automation segment. "In Gujarat, our market share is in single digits at the moment, however, we are hoping to take that up to 10 per cent over the next two years," Shimizu claimed. The company is primarily betting on rising number of manufacturing projects coming to Gujart, especially Japanese firms which are coming up at the Japanese investment region near Mandal.
Companies like Mitsubishi Aluminium, TS Tech have already decided to come up with manufacturing sites at Mandal, the site near Maruti Suzuki India's upcoming plant. Shimizu added that apart from Maruti Suzuki and Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India, many other Japanese companies (ancillaries) would come up in the region in the future.
Mitsubishi's factory automation business is clocking a 30-40 per cent growth rate over the years, and is one of the fastest growing segments for the company. This apart, it is present in areas like air-conditioners, locomotives, auto-components, elevators, inverters etc.  While Makoto Kitai, managing director, Mitsubishi Electric India Private Ltd, did not share the India revenues, he said that India is an important emerging market for the company.  "We are planning to raise the share of out-of-Japan economies in the group's overall turnover to 50 per cent by 2020. It is around 40 per cent at the moment. For that, we need to increase the revenues from the emerging economies and India is indeed an important market for us," he explained. Mitsubishi Electric's consolidated group turnover was around $39.3 billion in FY14. By 2020, the target is to touch $ 50 billion in consolidated revenues.

Eurozone QE hopes face several challengesAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

J&K police launch hunt for missing ArmyofficerWritten by Arun Sharma | Jammu |
Posted: December 4, 2014 6:19 pm
The Jammu and Kashmir Police have launched hunt for a 37-year-old Army officer who has been missing from the city here for the last one month under mysterious circumstances.
Identified as Captain Chaitanya Bhatwadekar, he was arrested by state police in April 2008 on charges of abetting his wife Captain Megha Razdan to commit suicide. Captain Megha’s body was found hanging from the ceiling of her room near Kunjwani in July 2007.
At present on bail, he was transferred from Nagrota to border Poonch district nearly two months ago, police said, adding a complaint regarding his disappearance was lodged at the Bus Stand Police Station by his father Sanjay Chaitanya Bhatwadekar who had come here from Maharashtra.
According to the complainant, Captain Chaitanya had come home in Maharastra on leave. After the completion of his leave period last month, he returned to Nagrota near Jammu where he still had a quarter. Last time, he called his wife in Maharashtra on mobile phone from Indira Chowk on November 8, he said, adding that they earlier approached the army authorities to trace him and when they said that he did not report back on duty, the family decided to approach the police.
“We have called the call details of his mobile phone and also questioned some army officials in the matter,” said SHO Bus Stand, Bhushan Singh Manhas. Even the taxi driver, in whose vehicle Captain Chaitanya travelled from railway station was questioned and he confirmed that the latter had called his wife from his mobile and had asked to drop him at Indira Chowk.

Ranbir Kapoor  Anushka Sharma auction costumes to raise funds forcharityBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 6:19 pm
Bollywood actors Ranbir Kapoor and Anushka Sharma who will be seen together in upcoming film, ‘Bombay Velvet’, have auctioned their costumes in order to raise funds for the redevelopment of flood ravaged Kashmir and Assam by seeking bids for a charity auction on eBay.
Customers can bid for Ranbir Kapoor’s Kashmiri pheran from his film, ‘Rockstar’ and Anushka Sharma’s leather jacket from Yash Raj film, ‘Jab Tak Hai Jaan’. The charity auction begins on December 4, 2014 and will be live till December 13, 2014.
“I feel honoured to be able to contribute towards supporting the redevelopment of Kashmir and Assam through the charity auction run by eBay India and EEMA. I encourage people to participate in this noble cause and help all those in need,” said Ranbir Kapoor.
Anushka Sharma also expressed her views saying, “The floods in Kashmir and Assam were heart-wrenching events and my heart goes out to all those affected due to this calamity. I feel privileged to be able to contribute towards the redevelopment of these states and their citizens. I encourage all my fans to participate in this auction and help raise funds to support the cause.”

Supreme Court seeks steps to stop sex-determination contents on websitesBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 6:39 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 6:44 pm
The Supreme Court on Thursday said that an effort has to be made to ensure that websites like Google India, Yahoo India and Microsoft Corporation (I) Pvt Ltd do not show contents in violation of the Indian law prohibiting sex determination of a foetus.
“In our considered opinion, an effort has to be made to see that nothing contrary to laws of this country are advertised or shown on these websites.
“However, for the said purpose, we would like to have the assistance from the competent authority from the Department of Information and Technology. We would request Ranjit Kumar, Solicitor General, to assist us on the next date, being assisted by a competent officer, as it involves technical issues,” a bench of justices Dipak Misra and U U Lalit said.
The court also expressed unhappiness over a 2010 affidavit of Group Coordinator, Cyber Laws Formulation and Enforcement Division of Department of Information Technology, that the Centre cannot block such contents on websites as pre-natal sex determination is not an offence in other countries and moreover, these sites have servers outside India.
“As we understand from the affidavit, it reflects a kind of helplessness by the said deponent. That apart, we do not appreciate the manner in which the stand has been expressed in paragraph (s) of the counter affidavit…,” it said.
During the hearing, the counsel for the websites on Thursday said that they do not violate the Indian law and they merely “provide a corridor, they do not have any control”.
The bench then listed the matter for hearing on December 15 saying, “Be that as it may, a legal solution has to be arrived at.”
It was alleged that despite the legal prohibition, websites like Google India, Yahoo India and Microsoft Corporation (I) Pvt Ltd are “still getting things advertised in violation of the legal provisions contained in the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act…”.
The court was hearing a PIL filed by NGO Voluntary Health Association of Punjab seeking court’s intervention in view of decreasing number of girl child in the country.
Earlier, the court had come down heavily on various states for their failure to stop female foeticide leading to alarming drop in the sex ratio in the country.
It had asked two joint secretaries and one additional secretary of Union Health Ministry to convene a meeting of senior officials of Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and National Capital Territory Delhi on December 3 to check “relevant registers” and records that had formed the basis of the sex-ratio data provided by them.
The court had also wanted to know as to whether the states have any plan to give “individual incentives” to the families to save the girl child. The NGO has said there is “severe decline” in the sex-ratio and almost all the states, which have filed the affidavits, have admitted to this.
The apex court had on March 4 last year directed the Centre and state governments to take quick and tough action against people indulging in female foeticide and had passed a slew of directions for continued…

ECB rates unchanged at 0.05% | BoE keeps rates on hold at record lowYou are here: Home > Collections
ECB rates unchanged at 0.05%, markets await stimulus hints
AFP Dec 4, 2014, 06.30PM IST
Tags:
ECB
(Draghi will assess the…)
FRANKFURT: The European Central Bank held its key interest rates unchanged, as expected, on Thursday, but is expected to prime the markets for more anti-deflation measures next year.
At its final policy meeting of this year, the ECB held its main "refinancing" rate steady at 0.05 per cent, and its two other rates -- the marginal lending and the deposit rates -- at 0.30 per cent and minus 0.20 per cent respectively.
ECB President Mario Draghi was scheduled to explain the reasoning behind the decisions at his monthly news conference.
Given the alarming drop in eurozone inflation in recent months, pressure has increased on the ECB to undertake massive stimulus measures like central banks in Britain, Japan and the United States have done.
According to official data, inflation in the 18 countries that share the euro slowed to 0.3 per cent in November from 0.4 per cent the previous month, feeding fears of imminent deflation.
Falling prices may sound good for the consumer, but they can trigger a vicious spiral where businesses and households delay purchases, throttling demand and causing companies to lay off workers.
The ECB is scheduled to publish its own latest updated inflation and growth forecasts and is worried that medium-term inflation expectations could become permanently de-anchored from its target of around 2.0 per cent.
The ECB has already launched a multi-pronged offensive against deflation, cutting its interest rates to new all-time lows, making unprecedented amounts of cheap loans available to banks via its LTRO and TLTRO programmes, and unveiling asset purchase programmes (ABSs and covered bonds) to pump liquidity into the financial system.
But it has also hinted at more radical action in the form of quantitative easing (QE), a policy used by other central banks to stimulate their sluggish economies.
  QE is the large-scale purchase of government bonds and such a policy has many critics in Europe, not least the German central bank or Bundesbank, because it is felt that it takes the ECB outside its remit and is effectively a licence to print money to get governments out of debt.
Natixis economist Alan Lemangnen said he "did not expect the ECB to announce sovereign bonds purchases. But we expect the current easing package to be widened."
Among the possible easing measures, there was a "high probability" that Draghi would announce more favourable conditions on the TLTRO programme, Lemangnen said.
And the current assets purchase programmes "should be widened," the expert predicted.
Capital Economics economist Jonathan Loynes said Draghi might still surprise the markets with a full-blown quantitative easing programme.
"But recent comments from vice president Vitor Constancio suggest that the governing council wants more time to assess the impact of existing policies and a delay until the next policy meeting, on January 22, is perhaps more likely," Loynes said.
Despite recent tentative signs of a small improvement in some activity, the general weakness of the economy would be reflected in downward revisions to the ECB staff projections for both growth and inflation, Loynes said.
"If it does not come today, we expect a programme of sovereign debt purchases to be launched in January. But whether it will be big and effective enough to revive the eurozone economy is another matter," the expert said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NASA counts down to Orion s first step to MarsNASA counts down to Orion's first step to Mars
AFP Dec 4, 2014, 06.09PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(The Orion spacecraft, designed…)
CAPE CANAVERAL: The Orion spacecraft, designed to carry humans farther in deep space than ever before, is poised to blast off today in what NASA hailed as a first step in mankind's journey to Mars.
No astronauts will be on board the capsule when it launches aboard the United States' largest rocket, the Delta IV Heavy made by United Launch Alliance, but engineers will be keenly watching to see how it performs during the four-and-a-half hour flight.
The launch marks the first of a US spacecraft meant to carry people into deep space since the Apollo missions that brought men to the Moon in the 1960s and 1970s.
With no American vehicle to send humans to space since the space shuttle was retired in 2011, some at NASA said the Orion launch has re-energized the US space program, long constrained by government belt-tightening and forced to rely on costly rides aboard Russian Soyuz spacecraft to reach the International Space Station in low-Earth orbit.
"We haven't had this feeling in awhile, since the end of the shuttle program, (of) launching an American spacecraft from America's soil and beginning something new," said Mike Sarafin , lead flight director at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston.
Tourists and space enthusiasts lined the area known as Florida's Space Coast to see the powerful rocket blast off at sunrise, and 27,000 guests were at Kennedy Space Center for a close up look at the rocket, NASA spokesman Mike Curie said.
Potential future missions for Orion, which is designed to fit four people at a time, include a trip to lasso an asteroid and a journey to Mars by the 2030s.
"Thursday is the beginning of that journey, testing key systems - the riskiest systems I would say for Orion - before we have any people on board," said Mark Geyer, program manager for Orion.
The launch at 7:05 am (1735 IST) from Cape Canaveral, Florida, aims to propel 739,000 kilograms of spacecraft, rocket and fuel straight to space, where the capsule will make two laps around the Earth before splashing down in the Pacific Ocean.
The first orbit will be about as high as the International Space Station, which circles at an altitude of about 430 kilometers, but the second will soar 15 times higher, to an apogee of 5,800 kilometers above the Earth.
The chief contractor of the Orion capsule is Lockheed Martin . The spacecraft was first designed to take humans to the Moon as part of NASA's Constellation program, which was cancelled by President Barack Obama in 2010, in favor or seeking new destinations in deep space.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tesla sagging: 14 top stock gains melt awayEMAIL
Flickr via Bing Images
What might be worse than sitting on a loser stock? Having a winner — and watching the gains melt away as the stock sinks to dangerous levels.
But that’s exactly what appears to be happening with 14 stocks in the Russell 1000 index, including biotech Intercept Pharmaceuticals (ICPT) , electric automaker Tesla (TSLA) and printer maker Lexmark (LXK) , according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
The stocks are each beating the Standard & Poor’s 500 this year, by rising more than the S&P’s 12.2% gain, but have all melted below the all-important line in the snow: the 200-day moving average. A stock’s 200-day moving average is the average price paid by investors over roughly the past year. Investors see it to be a bad sign when stocks fall below their 200-day moving averages because it means the average investor who bought the stock in the past year is losing money.
With markets notching new records practically daily, investors are increasingly sensitive to which stocks could be vulnerable to a pullback. And the stocks crossing below their 200-day moving averages are definitely raising some attention.
Perhaps the most dramatic example is Intercept Pharmaceuticals. The stock has been a rocket this year and is up 100%. The stock skyrocketed 280% on just one day in January after the release of positive data on its liver treatment for humans. But with shares trading for $137 a share, the stock has cratered 49% below its 200-day moving average.
A more high-profile example is Tesla, which is one of the three stocks that investors have been infatuated with this year. And the stock has certainly shot the lights out with a 52% gain this year. But what has some traders concerned is seeing the stock trading for $229.30, which just crossed below the 200-day moving average of $229.30. Despite the stock’s fall, though, it’s important to note analysts are still incredibly bullish. Not only do they rate the stock “outperform,” they have an average $276.19 18-month price target on the stock, which would be 20% upside from current levels.
Numbers don’t lie, though. And it’s undeniable these leading stocks are falling to levels that warrant attention. Traders see a fall below the 200-day moving average as a bearish sign — as investors who bought the stock within a year finally break even and itch to sell.
But perhaps, these melting snowmen just need a gust of investor interest to get their stature back?
RUSSELL 1000 STOCKS THAT ARE BEATING THE MARKET THIS YEAR, BUT ARE TRADING BELOW THEIR 200-DAY MOVING AVERAGES
Company

ECB leaves key rate unchanged at 0.05%ecb leaves key rate unchanged at 0.05%
I do not think it will hit circuit tmrw.it will be a downday i guess.t...New Member
5 Followers
Exactly my view AlphaView. Infact i wasn`t happy that it hit UC today.  I will be happy if it consolidates around 100 - 110 levels for a few weeks.  A time correction will give it a strong base for a super upsurge, but more importantly it will give us the strongest evidence of operators having left this counter.

I thought i was the only guy who is made loss in this bull run!! now u...New Member
47 Followers
OMG loss is tremendous, i trust Lifebulls reco; but may i humbly request to trade in just 1 lot...dont ever put all money in one trade probably thats what made losses...target 1000 or low per trade and then exit or trial SL
In reply to : karnannse message
7.35 PM Dec 4th

Very very positive step for the investors   i was not aware of this fa...Repost
Guest
this means that this scrip could register a sharp fall due to heavy profit booking by early and cautious investors who may want to get out of the scrip without losses tomorrow. Rs 500 crore loss is not a small thing to be unconcerned about. just because the government has approved FDI is no guarantee that all the foreign companies would be rushing to invest their funds in this company which is a loss-making company right now. so, Indian retail investors need to exercise caution first, sell their holdings and wait for the correction to be over and only then, buy at lower prices.
In reply to : BSE/NSE Announcer message
8.50 PM Dec 4th

Another option- if vijay mallya is not allowed to continue in kfa  the...New Member
4 Followers
Can a Public sector bank become a Management of a Company? Is it possible? Is there any law or rules which agrees that bank can own the firm. If we default a housing loan, the bank will take the loan and will sell it to a bidder. But in this case bank has to run KFA and make it profitable and then it has to sell. Is that possible.
In reply to : db18 message
7.07 PM Dec 3rd

The Beatles  Ringo Starr Lists Colorado Ranchthe beatles  ringo starr lists colorado ranch
Boeing conducts first flight using green dieselBoeing conducts first flight using green diesel
Boeing 787
First green diesel flight of the 'ecoDemonstrator' 787.
First green diesel flight of the 'ecoDemonstrator' 787. (Boeing)
Energy Resources
Boeing conducts first-ever flight using green diesel
Chicago-based Boeing said Wednesday it completed the first test flight using green diesel, a fuel blend of oils and fats already used in trucks and other ground transportation.
Boeing officials have said the use of green diesel for jets is a "major breakthrough" in the industry's quest to wean itself off fossil fuels and reduce harmful emissions.
Boeing on Tuesday used the fuel to power a 787 Dreamliner test airplane, using a blend of 15 percent green diesel and 85 percent petroleum jet fuel in the left engine.
Boeing jets they don't make anymore
Chuck Berman
BOEING 757: The twin-engine 757 was first rolled out in 1982. Aimed at increasing fuel efficiency and passenger comfort while lowering noise, Boeing produced the plane for 23 years before delivering the last one to Shanghai Airlines in 2005. The airplane is far from gone, though. There are...
BOEING 757: The twin-engine 757 was first rolled out in 1982. Aimed at increasing fuel efficiency and passenger comfort while lowering noise, Boeing produced the plane for 23 years before delivering the last one to Shanghai Airlines in 2005. The airplane is far from gone, though. There are... (Chuck Berman)
"Green diesel offers a tremendous opportunity to make sustainable aviation biofuel more available and more affordable for our customers," said Julie Felgar, managing director of environmental strategy and integration at Boeing's airplane unit.
The goal is to get the fuel approved for use in commercial aviation.
Sustainable green diesel, chemically different than biodiesel, is made from vegetable oils, waste cooking oil and waste animal fats.
0
Unlike some other alternative fuels, green diesel is already being produced on a relatively large scale and with current government subsidies approaches the price of traditional jet fuel, called Jet-A, Boeing said.
Green diesel produces half the carbon emissions of fossil fuels. And it would allow airlines, cargo carriers and the military, for example, to use the same alternative fuel blend in their trucks and planes.
If approved, the fuel could be blended directly with traditional jet fuel in a ratio of up to 50 percent, according to Felgar, without modifications to aircraft engines.
Commercial aviation and the U.S. military consume 20 billion gallons of jet fuel a year.
The aviation industry has proved in tests that it can fly airplanes safely and efficiently on fuels made from cornhusks, algae or many sources other than crude oil. But adoption of biofuels to fly jets ultimately comes down to economics.
In the case of green diesel, also called renewable diesel, its wholesale cost at about $3 a gallon is at least close to petroleum jet fuel, including U.S. government incentives. Green diesel plants around the world, including two in Louisiana, have the capacity to produce 800 million gallons — not near enough to meet the demand of the aviation industry but ahead of other alternative fuels. Green diesel could supply as much as 1 percent of global jet fuel demand, Boeing said.
So how did green diesel work out on Tuesday?
"The airplane performed as designed with the green diesel blend, just as it does with conventional jet fuel," said Mike Carriker, chief pilot of product development and the 777X at Boeing test and evaluation. "This is exactly what we want to see in flight tests with a new type of fuel."

Sponsored content is one of the industrys most controversial but fastest growing sources of incomeNews organisations ‘go native’ to find new source of ad revenue
Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6f034df2-634a-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Here is the news  bought to you by ...News organisations ‘go native’ to find new source of ad revenue
Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6f034df2-634a-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon Wants You to Shop From Public BathroomsP&G wants you to shop inside public bathroom stalls
Ben Popken TODAY
There's no reason productivity should stop at the bathroom door.
In that spirit, Procter & Gamble and Amazon have partnered up to launch "Stall Malls" inside public toilets.
Once you sit down in one of the stalls, an ad wrapping the back of the door invites you to download the Amazon App and displays the barcodes for coupons for several bathroom-appropriate Proctor & Gamble products. Use the app to scan the barcodes and place your order.
P&G
So while you finish using the bathroom, you'll also be scratching an item off your to-do list.
To encourage users to take the plunge, the coupons are on the high side for what the brands offer.
The coupons include $2 off Charmin Mega Rolls, $7 off Crest 3D Whitestrips and 50 cents off Febreze.
The ads will be installed in select cities through the end of the year. 
You can find them in New York at the Staten Island mall, in New Jersey at the Paramus Park, Willowbrook, and Woodbridge malls, in Los Angeles at the Glendale Galleria, in Philadelphia at the Christiana and Neshaminy malls, and in Seattle at the Alderwod, Bellis Fair and Westlake malls.
Email ben.popken@nbcuni.com and tweet @bpopken .
Tags:

No indictment means no justice for Eric GarnerBy Jonathan Capehart December 3 Follow @capehartj
A grand jury has decided not to charge the police officer who used a chokehold resulting in Eric Garner's death. (Reuters)
A producer just asked me what the decision to not indict the New York City police officer in the chokehold death of Eric Garner “says about the state of black justice in America.” I’ll tell you what I told her. Apparently, there is no justice because that would imply there was a trial by a jury. A decision to not indict forestalls even that.
Officer Daniel Pantoleo violated police department policy by using a chokehold on Garner, who was being arrested for selling loose cigarettes. The entire encounter was clearly captured on video . A grisly scene where an unarmed Garner can be heard saying over and over again “I can’t breathe.” The medical examiner said the chokehold contributed to Garner’s death, which was declared a homicide . Despite all of that, a grand jury opted not to indict Pantoleo.
Now, let’s keep something in mind. A grand jury proceeding is not a trial by jury. There are no cross examinations or findings of fact. An indictment by a grand jury simply allows the prosecution to go to trial against someone suspected of a crime. At the jury trial, where the rules of evidence are higher, the adversarial nature of defense and prosecution plays out before a jury and cross examinations lengthy and brutal, is where justice is meted out. Alleged suspects are held accountable in a court of law by a jury of their peers with a verdict of innocent or guilty. Americans might not like the verdict, but they trust this part of the system. The jury trial process underpins their faith in the entire criminal justice system. The grand jury decision not to indict in Garner’s death severely undermines that faith.
What happened today shows that there can be no justice for Garner — or anyone else, especially if they are African American, who might find themselves in similar tragic circumstances.
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

Why were not going to see cameras in the courtroom anytime soonBy Nancy Scola December 3 Follow @nancyscola
University of Michigan law Prof. Sam Bagenstos, attorney Sharon Gustafson and plaintiff Peggy Young talk to reporters as they depart the U.S. Supreme Court building in Washington on Dec. 3. Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y.) missed the day's House Judiciary Committee hearing on cameras in federal courtrooms so that he could watch the Young case in person. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
A House of Representatives hearing Wednesday on having cameras in U.S. courtrooms confirmed that, as Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.) put it, opinions on the matter are "strongly and sincerely held."
It's just that those opinions are diametrically opposed to one another, which helps explain why it's unlikely we're going to see cameras in federal courts, especially the U.S. Supreme Court, anytime soon.
Both Republicans and Democrats in Congress have been pushing for courts to start widely recording and broadcasting their proceedings for at least the past 15 years. The public overwhelmingly says it wants cameras in court . Proponents say that having that view into the legal system would be educational, and just might serve to convince Americans that, by and large, the U.S. justice system works. But judges have largely resisted the move. Wednesday's hearing was on the Sunshine in the Courtroom Act , a bipartisan bill that would tweak the law to let federal judges choose when to allow cameras in their courtrooms.
That bill's restraint is an admission that Congress has limited power to tell the federal courts what to do. (Recall the three co-equal branches of government thing.) And as much as the lawyers in Congress are eager for a bit of sunlight into the courts — what with all the mucking around they do with laws and elections — in the courts judges rule, and judges are holding on to the idea that cameras in courts are too much, too soon.
Representing the federal judiciary at the hearing was Julie A. Robinson, a judge on the U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas. Court proceedings, said Robinson, are a "search for the truth," and as such can get messy and uncomfortable. Witnesses especially, said Robinson, might be reluctant to testify in full candor knowing that "their boss, their minister, their next-door neighbor" might be watching.
And then, said Robinson, there are confidential informants who — even though the plan on the table would allow them to request to obscure their faces and voices — might still have their identities revealed by the contextual clues tucked into their testimonies.
Many of the many lawyers on the Judiciary Committee argued that records of court proceedings are already made public. Anyone can go down to the courthouse, or in many cases to the court Web site, and get a copy. Said Rep. Ted Deutch (D-Fla.): "If someone wants to do them harm, all they have to do is go and get the transcript."
But that we human animals are far more likely to consume television than transcripts is why there has been such a push for cameras in courts at all.
The federal judiciary has taken baby steps. In 2010, the Judicial Conference of the United States launched a pilot project in 14 courts to record civil cases. The videos are posted on USCourts.gov. That project runs through mid-July, and there will be a report issued on how well it worked.
But, said Mickey H. Osterreicher, general counsel of the National Press Photographers Association, "I'm not really sure how much data we need to convince people."
Indeed, it's a cultural shift that will need to take place in the hearts and minds of judges before the public will see widespread adoption of cameras inside courtrooms. And on that, the judges at the top of the food chain have largely set the tone. Members of the Supreme Court have largely recoiled at the idea of allowing live broadcasting of their proceedings, though in recent years they have moved to the immediate release of transcripts and the only slightly-less-quick release of audio recordings.
"We've evolved as a nation and we've evolved as an institution," says Judge Robinson, reflecting on the opening up of the courts that has taken place in recent decades. But the latter is what matters here. And we won't see cameras in courts until the opinions inside the judicial institution match the opinions of the nation, or for that matter, of Congress.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

Ben Carson stands by Nazi Germany-U.S. comparisonsBy Erik Wemple December 3 Follow @ErikWemple
Ben Carson, the famed neurosurgeon and conservative commentator, has enjoyed a welcoming platform at Fox News, where he formerly served as a contributor . In early November, for instance, Carson outlined a program for ending the cycle of dependency among the poor on an edition of “Hannity.” Host Sean Hannity responded, “A bold vision.” On Nov. 21, Fox News host Bill O’Reilly, in discussing Carson’s presidential prospects, told Carson, “I will assure you that if [leftists] come after you in an unfair way, we will step up and help you out with that.”
Possible-presidential-candidate Carson now needs to show off his bona fides to other cable-news audiences, which perhaps explains why he surfaced this afternoon on CNN with anchor Wolf Blitzer. A significant chunk of the discussion focused on comments wherein Carson has compared the contemporary United States to Nazi Germany .
“To make the comparison of the United States and Nazi Germany — that just struck an awful tone,” said Blitzer in a non-question question. Carson responded: “Well, Nazi Germany experienced something horrible. The people in Nazi Germany largely did not believe in what Hitler was doing, but did they say anything? Of course not — they kept their mouths shut. And there’s some very important lessons to be learned there. The fact that our government is using instruments of government like the IRS to punish its opponents — this is not the kind of thing something that, as far as I’m concerned, is a Democrat or Republican issue. This is an American issue. This is something that threatens all of our liberty, all of our freedom.”
Carson said a bit more about how Americans are afraid to express themselves, not that Blitzer was impressed with the logic: “But to make the comparison, Dr. Carson, to Nazi Germany, the slaughter of six million Jews by the Nazis, the devastation that erupted in Europe and around the world, to the United States of America,” said Blitzer. “I want you to reflect on what that potentially means.”
Complying with Blitzer’s polite request, Carson explained: “Again, you are just focusing on the words ‘Nazi Germany’ and completely missing the point … and that’s the problem right now. That’s what PCism is all about. You may not say this word, regardless of what your point is. Because if you say that word, I go into a tizzy. We can do better than that. When I was a child, and when you were a child, they used to say, ‘Sticks and stones break my bones, words will never hurt me.’ What ever happened to that? We need to get to the point where we can look beyond the word and look for the meaning.”
Please excuse Blitzer for thinking that the words “Nazi Germany” have patent meaning without looking “beyond the word.”
The host asked Carson if he wished to amend his stance on the parallels between Nazi Germany and the United States. Carson declined the invitation. That’s hardly surprising, given that Carson has been terribly consistent on this point .
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Eric Holders remarks on the Eric Garner grand jury decisionBy J. Freedom du Lac December 3 Follow @jfdulac
Attorney General Eric Holder announced the opening of a federal civil rights investigation on Wednesday into the death of Eric Garner, who died after being placed in a chokehold by a police officer during an arrest. This comes after a Staten Island grand jury decided not to bring charges in the case. (AP)
Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. announced Wednesday that the Justice Department will launch a federal civil rights investigation in the case of Eric Garner, who died in July after white New York City police officer Daniel Pantaleo placed Garner, an African American, in an apparent chokehold during an arrest.
Here is the full text of Holder’s prepared statement, which he delivered in Washington hours after a grand jury in Staten Island declined to indict Pantaleo .
Good evening. I want to provide an update regarding the case involving Eric Garner, a Staten Island resident, who died tragically in July.
Since Mr. Garner’s death, the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of New York, the Civil Rights Division and the FBI have been monitoring the local case closely while allowing the local investigation, led by the District Attorney’s office in Staten Island, to proceed first.
Earlier today, the grand jury declined to return an indictment in this case. Now that the local investigation has concluded, I am here to announce that the Justice Department will proceed with a federal civil rights investigation into Mr. Garner’s death.
This afternoon I spoke with the widow of Eric Garner to inform her and her family of our decision to investigate potential federal civil rights violations. I have been in touch with President Obama and Mayor de Blasio regarding our decision as well.
Our prosecutors will conduct an independent, thorough, fair and expeditious investigation.
In addition to performing our own investigative work, the Department will conduct a complete review of the material gathered during the local investigation.
We have all seen the video of Mr. Garner’s arrest. His death, of course, was a tragedy. All lives must be valued. Mr. Garner’s death is one of several recent incidents across the country that have tested the sense of trust that must exist between law enforcement and the communities they are charged to serve and protect. This is not a New York issue or a Ferguson issue alone. Those who have protested peacefully across our great nation following the grand jury’s decision in Ferguson have made that clear.
As the brother of a retired police officer, I know in a personal way about the bravery of the men and women in uniform who put their lives at risk every day to protect public safety. The vast majority of our law enforcement officers perform their duties honorably and are committed to respecting their fellow citizens civil rights as they carry out their very challenging work.
It is for their sake as well that we must seek to heal the breakdown in trust we have seen. Earlier this week, I traveled to Atlanta to begin a series of interactions to begin this process – and officials around the country at every level of the Department of Justice will continue this vital ongoing work. As the Justice Department’s independent investigations into the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner proceed, I will continue these conversations as we seek to restore trust, to rebuild understanding and to foster cooperation between law enforcement and the communities they serve.
I know that substantial numbers of people in New York and across the country will be disappointed and frustrated by the outcome of the state grand jury proceeding today. I know many will plan to voice their disappointment publicly through protests. This is the right of all Americans. But as I have said before, throughout our history, the most successful movements have been those that adhered to the principles of nonviolence. I urge all those inclined to demonstrate tonight and in the days ahead to remain peaceful in their demonstrations, and not to engage in activities that deflect our attention from the very serious matters our nation must confront.
J. Freedom du Lac is the editor of The Post's general assignment news desk. He was previously a Local enterprise reporter and, before that, the paper’s pop music critic.

At 20  Funniest celebrity in Washington contest shows its ageBy Emily Heil December 4 Follow @emilyaheil
Americans for Tax Reform’s Grover Norquist stayed clear of politics. Photo by Emily Heil.
Were those groans from the audience at the 20th annual “funniest celebrity in Washington” contest on Wednesday night? Or was that just the sound of the event  itself, a wizened monument to the egos of Marginally Important Men, creaking with age?
The signs of its obsolescence were on display: the sole female contestant was deemed “adorable,” and much of the material — delivered by a lineup of amateur comedians you might otherwise see on a slow cable-TV news day — was of a vintage variety. Ever hear the one about when Bob Dole took a pie to the face?
You’re not missing out.
“That guy?” was the reaction of one of the audience members leaving the event, which was held in the auditorium of the glistening NPR headquarters in NoMa, about the winner. He was referring to former congressman and Clinton-era agriculture secretary Dan Glickman, who took the evening’s top prize.
Glickman’s act (which included Dole and the pie, the punch line of which was “I don’t think you’re in Kansas any longer”) might have made him the most amusing guy at the Thanksgiving table. His “jokes” were mostly gently humorous and self-deprecating stories. But side-splitting it wasn’t.
The contest, which for most of its two decades passed little money onto the charities it purportedly benefited, this year  ditched the pretense of good causes . Instead, organizer and emcee Richard Siegel told us, its sole purpose was to give Washingtonian’s with heavy day jobs the rare chance to lighten up.
And so the likes of Americans for Tax Reform’s Grover Norquist (the third-place winner) could play stand-up comedian for a night. His apolitical material included a bit about trying to earn money by inventing a disposable end table. “It’s called the ‘One-Night Stand.’”
Har-har.
And USA Today columnist Clarence Page had a joke riffing about a recent headline in which the wife of a known terrorist escaped in Lebanon. “She probably went shopping,” he concluded. That snagged him honorable mention.
Heather Higgins, the head of the right-leaning Independent Women’s Forum and the only woman among the half-dozen vying for the title, acknowledged the gender imbalance, warning women in the audience to be careful. “Our bartender is Bill Cosby,” she said.
Low points also included an almost unwatchable video featuring Siegel crooning an unintelligible parody song about New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to the tune of the Spin Doctors’ “Two Princes” (um, the nineties called!) as two scantily clad women writhed around him.
During a break in the action, Seigel introduced another of his performances — this one a live rendition, accompanied by a piano, of a ditty called “Hotel of Saddam” to the tune of “Hotel California” — with a line he immediately disproved: “There’s something funny about everything.”
 

Bhopal Gas tragedy: No accurate data on deathsPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
An NGO working for the Bhopal gas tragedy victims has alleged that there are no accurate figures available on the death toll of the world’s worst industrial disaster even after 30 years and has also raised concern over the toxic waste lying in defunct eUnion Carbid plant situated near the densely populated old Bhopal area.
Though unofficial estimates claimed that the death toll due to the Bhopal gas tragedy had exceeded the 25,000 mark, official figure stands at 5,295 for whom the government had compensated.
“So far we have compensated for 5,295 deaths due to Bhopal Gas Tragedy,” Madhya Pradesh Department of Gas Relief and Rehabilitation deputy secretary K K Dubey said.
However, NGO Bhopal Group for Information Action’s (BGIA) activist Rachna Dhingra claimed that as per their information, the death toll had crossed 25,000 since the disaster took place.
“We are demanding compensation for the same, but the state government has so far compensated only for 5,295 deaths,” she said.
Notably, the Madhya Pradesh government had in 2012 demanded from the Centre’s Group of Ministers a compensation of Rs 10 lakh each to the kin of 15,342 deceased in the tragedy, as per revised figures in Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) report, a government release had then said.
Besides, concern has been raised over non-disposal of 350 MT of toxic waste lying in the defunct chemical plant which is a major cause for pollution, especially water contamination in and around the factory.
Hearings have been going since 1999 in Southern District Court of New York against the Union Carbide Corporation, seeking that the poisonous waste should be removed from its factory in Bhopal, Dhingra said.
Os, had moved the US court in 1999, but the timid response to the case by successive Madhya Pradesh governments has not yielded any result, she alleged.
“It is high time that MP government should intervene in the US court and get the waste cleared,” she demanded.
In India too, an NGO moved a PIL in Madhya Pradesh High Court in 2004, after a soil sample test carried out in and around the closed factory revealed that the waste was causing air and water pollution in the surroundings having a huge human settlement. But the toxic dump couldn’t be cleared following resistance from different environment groups.
In the last decade, the High Court directed the Centre and the state that the toxic waste should be incinerated after tests at Pithampur in Dhar district of Madhya Pradesh.
But the move couldn’t see the light of the day after stiff opposition by some NGOs alleging that disposal of the waste at the incinerator will harm people and the environment of Pithampur, Alok Pratap Singh, president of NGO Zahreeli Gas Kand Sangarsh Morcha, who had moved the HC said.
After this, the HC ordered that the hazardous waste should be disposed of at Ankleshwar incinerator in Gujarat. Again, the NGOs of Gujarat protested against incinerating plan in that state. The Gujarat government petitioned the apex court to review it decision, Singh said.
The Supreme Court had then directed that the waste should be incinerated at Defence Research Development Organisation (DRDO) plant near Nagpur after assessing its after effects, but NGOs protested again in Maharashtra following which the state government expressed its unwillingness in court on the issue, he said.
Maharashtra Assembly passed a resolution against the disposal of the waste at DRDO, Singh said.
Later, German company GIZ handed a proposal to the MP government to dispose of the waste in Germany, Dubey said.
However, GIZ backtracked following NGOs’ protest in Germany on the issue, he said.
After this, the apex court asked that the waste should be incinerated at Pithampur and in a prelude 25-30 metric tonnes should be disposed on experimental basis, he said.
The Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) got similar waste of some organisation of Kochi in Kerala -like the one lying in Bhopal Union Carbide Factory – incinerated at Pithampur.
“Now we are waiting for words from CPCB to hand over the waste to them for incineration,” Dubey said.
After the June 7, 2010, verdict on Bhopal Gas Tragedy, the Group of Ministers (GoM) was formed to look into the problems related to the disaster. The GoM in June 2010 earmarked Rs 315 crore for disposal of waste.
The verdict on Bhopal Gas Tragedy came 25 years after poisonous gas leaked from the plant on the intervening night of December 2-3, 1984.
“…But for the people near the defunct factory, the tragedy isn’t over as they still face air and water pollution given that the hazardous waste lying in the factory was seeping into the ground,” said activist Abdul Jabbar, working for the survivors of the tragedy.

Can the Justice Department expeditiously conclude its investigation of Eric Garners death Or Michael Browns deathBy Paul Cassell December 4
Yesterday, a Staten Island grand jury declined to indict a New York City police officer in the chokehold death of Eric Garner. Almost immediately,   Attorney General Eric Holder announced that the Justice Department would conduct an “independent, thorough, fair, and expeditious” federal civil rights investigation into Garner’s death.
Attorney General Eric Holder announced the opening of a federal civil rights investigation on Wednesday into the death of Eric Garner, who died after being placed in a chokehold by a police officer during an arrest. This comes after a Staten Island grand jury decided not to bring charges in the case. (AP)
I want to focus on the Attorney General’s promise that the Garner investigation will be “expeditious.”  Sadly, the Department’s track record in recent highly-publicized cases — i.e., the Michael Brown case and particularly the Trayvon Martin case — does not inspire confidence. We still have no decision from the department about whether it will file federal charges in these cases even after it appears that it has collected all significant evidence.  If the department were to quickly announce its findings on the Brown and Martin deaths — one way or the other — that help build confidence that federal civil rights investigations of other high-profile deaths, such as Garner’s, will actually reach a result.
FILE – In this Aug. 18, 2014 file photo, President Barack Obama meets with Attorney General Eric Holder regarding the fatal police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington.  (AP Photo/Charles Dharapak, File)
Turning first to the federal investigation in the Michael Brown case:  After Michael Brown was shot this year on August 9, the Justice Department quickly opened an investigation into whether Officer Darren Wilson violated federal civil rights statutes. On August 11, Holder released a statement saying that the shooting “deserves a fulsome review.”
On August 15, the Justice Department’s Civil Rights division released a statement that the investigation was an extremely high priority, explaining that “[o]ver the next several days, teams of FBI agents will be canvassing the neighborhood where the shooting took place to identify any individuals who may have information related to the shooting and have not yet come forward.”
According to media reports, 40 FBI agents descended on Ferguson to canvass the area and collect whatever evidence they could find.   Within ten days of the shooting, Holder said he had assigned the most experienced agents and prosecutors to the investigation. He reported that federal and state agents had interviewed hundreds of people and that federal medical examiners performed an independent autopsy, the third conducted in the killing.
Then, after that flurry of activity, for the next few months little was heard about the federal investigation. But the state investigation moved forward, with the grand jury hearing more than 70 hours of testimony from more than 60 witnesses.  The grand jury, of course, ultimately reached a conclusion ten days ago when it found insufficient evidence of a crime to support an indictment.
The night the state grand jury’s decision was released and the state investigation ended, Holder quickly stated that the federal investigation continued : “[T]he Justice Department’s investigation into the shooting of Michael Brown remains ongoing.  Even at this mature stage of the investigation, we have avoided prejudging any of the evidence.  And although federal civil rights law imposes a high legal bar in these types of cases, we have resisted forming premature conclusions.”
The question worth considering is when does drawing conclusions in a “mature” investigation switch from being premature to overdue?  Given the massive investment of federal resources more than three months ago in Ferguson — not to mention the thorough state grand jury investigation — it is hard to imagine that any significant evidence remains uncollected.  If the Justice Department has concluded that it lacks sufficient evidence to file federal charges against Officer Wilson, it would certainly be helpful to allaying criticisms of the state investigation if the department promptly released that conclusion.
Given the recency of the grand jury’s decision about the Michael Brown shooting, perhaps the department should get the benefit of the doubt as to why it has yet to announce its conclusion. But the department’s handling of the high-profile civil rights investigation into the Trayvon Martin shooting raises even more questions.
Some background on this case:  On February 26, 2012 , George Zimmerman shot and killed Trayvon Martin — another racially-charged killing in disputed circumstances about the need to act in self-defense.
 
FILE – In this April 12, 2012 file photo, George Zimmerman listens during a court hearing in Sanford, Fla.  (AP Photo/Orlando Sentinel, Gary W. Green, Pool, File)
The Sanford Police Department  investigated and turned over materials to the state attorney, apparently recommending no charges be filed.  But (among other pressures ) change.org put together a petition calling for Zimmerman’s arrest and the NAACP asked the Justice Department to get involved in the investigation.
On March 20, 2012, the Justice Department announced that the FBI would probe the death.  On April 2, 2012, Martin family attorney Ben Crump (who would later represent Michael Brown’s family) sent a letter to the Justice Department alleging improper interference by state prosecutors in the state criminal investigation.
Prosecutors quickly denounced the allegations and encouraged the Justice Department “to investigate and document” that no improper interference occurred.  A “special prosecutor” was also appointed in the case and filed state homicide charges against Zimmerman.
Several months later, materials were released showing that the homicide investigator in the case had told the FBI that he “believed that Zimmerman’s actions were not based on Martin’s skin color, rather based on his attire, the total circumstances of the encounter and the previous burglary suspects in the community.”
About a year later, after various delays, on June 10, 2013, Zimmerman’s trial began.  Following a lengthy trial, on July 13, 2013, the jury acquitted him.
Attorney General Eric Holder speaks at the Delta Sigma Thetas Social Action luncheon in Washington, Monday, July 15, 2013.  (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
Two days later,  Holder (in the speech depicted nearby) said the killing of Martin was a “tragic, unnecessary shooting” and that the 17-year-old’s death provides an opportunity for the nation to speak honestly about emotionally-charged issues. The attorney general said that Martin’s parents had suffered a pain that no parent should have to endure.
On November 19, 2013, the Post  interviewed Holder about the progress of the federal investigation into the Martin shooting.  Holder said that the investigation would be completed “relatively soon.”  He promised that the Justice Department would “put together a report that we can share with the American people, so that we simply don’t make an announcement, whatever it is.”
That was more than a year ago — and nothing has happened since.  The Post reported two months ago, on October 1, 2014, that the Martin investigation “technically remains open, but it is all but certain the department will close it,” according to various knowledgeable law enforcement officials.
Why has it taken the department two-and-a-half years — and two election cycles — to complete its investigation of the Martin shooting?  That case involved an interaction between just two people (Martin and Zimmerman), a tiny number of relevant witnesses, and just a few items of physical evidence.  The attorney general promised more than a year ago that the investigation and a full report to the public would be completed “relatively soon.”  And yet, the department has produced nothing, prompting speculation that it is delaying its announcement to avoid political disfavor in some quarters.
And now comes the Eric Garner case. With regard to substance, the facts are disturbing — and seemingly, in large part, recorded on video.  And with regard to procedure, unlike the Michael Brown grand jury, we don’t have transcripts of testimony to peruse to make an informed assessment about the fairness of the process. Questions abound.
Here’s where the Justice Department could perform a valuable service — by actually completing this civil rights investigation expeditiously.  To be sure, the proof required for a federal rights charge is demanding.
But if the Eric Garner facts are as clear cut as the video makes them out to be, there is no reason why the Justice Department can’t rapidly investigate the case and quickly announce what it finds. The Justice Department should live up to the attorney’s general’s promise yesterday to “expeditiously” announce its decision on whether charges are appropriate in the Eric Garner death … and in the Michael Brown and Trayvon Martin deaths.
Paul G. Cassell teaches criminal law, criminal procedure, and crime victims' rights at the S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah. He also served as a U.S. District Court Judge for the District of Utah from 2002 to 2007.

Canadian startup accelerator Ryerson & Chokhanis launch $15M early-stage fund in IndiaCanadian startup accelerator Ryerson & Chokhanis launch $15M early-stage fund in India
Bob Dell - the man behind the rise of Latham & Watkins into the worlds third largest legal firm© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2944ede-732f-11e4-907b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sehwag  Yuvraj  Harbhajan  Gambhir  Zaheer left out of 2015 World CupIndia leaves out 2011 heroes Virender Sehwag, Yuvraj Singh from 2015 World Cup probables
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 03.51PM IST
Tags:
2015 World Cup
(With the selectors opting…)
MUMBAI: India's out-of-favour senior cricketers like Virender Sehwag , Yuvraj Singh and Gautam Gambhir were today omitted from the 30-member probables list for next year's World Cup with the selectors reposing faith on the young guns to retain the title in Australia and New Zealand.
Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh and pacer Zaheer Khan , who were a part of the 2011 World Cup winning team along with Sehwag, Yuvraj and Gambhir, were also left out of the list, putting a question mark on their future given that none of the five have featured in an ODI for the last one year.
Apart from the famed five, pacers Ashish Nehra and Munaf Patel, spinner Piyush Chawla and all-rounder Yusuf Pathan were also among the players axed from the list announced by BCCI Secretary Sanjay Patel after a meeting of the selection committee.
Jammu and Kashmir all-rounder Parveez Rasool, Uttar Pradesh spinner Kuldeep Yadav, batting duo of Manish Pandey and Kedar Jadhav along with spinner Axar Patel benefitted from the overhaul, riding on their consistent performance in the domestic circuit.
With the selectors opting to ignore the out-of-favour seniors, there were no major surprises on offer in the list of probables.
The selectors included all-rounder Stuart Binny and in-form batsman Manoj Tiwary and young wicketkeeper-batsman Sanju Samson in the list which would be further pruned to 15 in early January ahead of the World Cup starting February 14.
Eleven players from the 2011 World Cup-winning squad will not be seen in action when the team goes Down Under to defend the trophy. While most of them have been ignored for poor form, Sachin Tendulkar has retired and pacer S Sreesanth has been banned for spot-fixing.
Of all the players ignored, Yuvraj's journey has been the most dramatic. The left-handed batsman was named Player of the Tournament for his fantastic run in the 2011 World Cup but his career took a hit after he had to undergo treatment for rare form of germ cell cancer between his lungs.
His attempts at a comeback were not too successful and he was eventually pushed to the sidelines.
Of the selected players, captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Virat Kohli, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Suresh Raina, R Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja picked themselves after delivering consistently.
Among the bowlers, pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ishant Sharma, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Mohit Sharma and Ashoke Dinda got the selectors' nod by virtue of their fine performances in both the international and domestic circuit.
Apart from Dhoni, the list has two wicketkeepers in Wriddhiman Saha and young Sanju Samson, who has also impressed with his batting in the domestic arena.
Cheteshwar Pujara, who is regarded a Test specialist, Pragyan Ojha, Dinesh Karthik and Naman Ojha were among the other notable omissions.
Murali Vijay, Ambati Rayudu and Robin Uthappa, who have been in and out of the national squad in recent times have also found a place in the probables list.
India World Cup probables: Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Robin Uthappa, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ambati Rayudu, Kedar Jadhav, Manoj Tiwary, Manish Pandey, Wriddhiman Saha, Sanju Samson, R Ashwin, Parveez Rasool, Karn Sharma, Amit Mishra, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Ishant Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Stuart Binny, Mohit Sharma, Ashoke Dinda, Kuldeep Yadav and Murali Vijay.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan: 18 militants killed in aerial strikesBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:38 pm
At least 18 militants were killed on Thursday when Pakistani military jets pounded their hideouts in the country’s restive northwestern tribal region, a day after 15 militants were killed in the same area.
The jets targeted rebels in the Madakhel area of Dattakhel region of North Waziristan, where the security forces have been battling al-Qaeda linked militants since June.
A security official confirmed that 18 suspected militants were killed in the precision attacks at their positions.
The media has no access to the area, making it difficult to verify the information from independent sources. On Wednesday, Inter-Services Public Relations said in a statement that 15 terrorists were killed in precise aerial strikes.
North Waziristan was earlier considered a stronghold of militants before an operation to flush out militants from the area was launched.
Military operation Zarb-i-Azb was launched by the Pakistan army on June 15 following a brazen militant attack on Karachi’s international airport and failure of peace talks between the government and Pakistani Taliban negotiators.
The operation has killed more than 1,250 militants in the region but the rebels are still believed to be present in the mountainous border region and often launch attacks at the forces and civilians.

Award for Rohtak sisters put on hold  govt orders probeHaryana govt puts award for Rohtak sisters on hold
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 04, 2014
First Published: 15:04 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:31 IST(5/12/2014)
Days after announcing an award for two Rohtak sisters who took on their alleged molesters in a moving bus, the Haryana government on Thursday put its plans on hold pending an inquiry after some co-passengers said the men were innocent.
Pooja (L), 19, and Aarti, 22, at their home in the district of Sonepat. (AFP Photo)
Police arrested the three men following nationwide outrage after a video of the two women beating up the men went viral. The video was shot by a co-passenger on her mobile phone.
However, during investigation, a few passengers told police that the men were being wrongly accused, prompting the government to put on hold its decision to fete the women until the probe was over.
“The state government will get the matter investigated in a free and transparent manner and the decision on awarding the two Rohtak sisters on Republic Day will be taken based on the outcome of police reports,” said chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar.
The parents of the accused men met Khattar at Rohtak to seek an impartial probe into the matter.
The government also asked the bus driver and conductor, who had been suspended following the emergence of the video, to resume work until the police probe was over.
Another video showing the sisters beating up a boy in a park that surfaced on Tuesday triggered controversy after two people claiming to be witnesses said the girls abused and tore off the boy's clothes after he asked them why they were wasting their time in the park instead of attending college.
A girl accompanying them recorded the incident on camera, they told police.

NASA s Orion Spacecraft Test Flight{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/26/2014","endTime":1419671700000,"id":"12/26/2014-0","startTime":1419627600000,"startTimeISO":"20141226T160000","title":"STORY STOCK","startTimeText":"4:00 PM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141227T041500","conedID":22918668,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
See upcoming and previous coverage
Click to rewind live coverage
Enhanced full screen

IIT  Madras placements: Ola Cabs runaway winner with 29 offers'Exploring scope, extent of developing OE business in India': Nikolai Setzer, Continental Executive Board
Campus placement season has picked up pace at Indian Institute of Technology, Madras (IIT, Madras) on Day 2 with as many as 78 offers being made by top global and Indian conglomerates.
While Boston Consulting Group had made the biggest moves on Day 1, on Day 2 it was Ola Cabs that left everyone trailing in its dust cloud by making as many as 29 offers.
The next best offer was made by GE India Technology with 10.
Other noteworthy movers on the day were Times Internet, which made as many as 7 offers and Snapdeal, which made 6 offers.
The pay packages have not been revealed as the institute does not welcome the publicity spotlight on the top drawers.
Here are some highlights: Day 1 & 2:
Total number of offers: 339 (241)
Total number of companies: 57 (49)
Total students placed: 301 (214)
Note: Last year’s figures are given in parentheses; this data does not include MBA students.
TAGS: IIT Madras Jobs Jobs And Education
More from industry
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

EPFO settles 10 lakh PF claims in NovemberYou are here: Home > Collections > Epfo
EPFO settles 10 lakh PF claims in November
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 06.02PM IST
Tags:
Central Provident Fund
(Retirement fund body EPFO has…)
NEW DELHI: Retirement fund body EPFO has settled 10 lakh claims, including withdrawal and transfer of provident fund, in the month of November.
According to a recent review of the performance of the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) by its Central Provident Fund Commissioner K K Jalan, the body settled 10 lakh claims in November.
"With this (10 lakh settlements in November), total number of claims settled by the EPFO has touched 85 lakhs. This includes claims relating to final settlement of PF, advances / withdrawal from the funds, transfer applications, pension claims and insurance claims," Jalan noted during the review.
In the current financial year, 97.52 per cent of the claims settled have been done so within the mandated period of 30 days. Almost 70 per cent of claims has been settled within 10 days of receipt.
"Continuing to accord primacy to customer satisfaction, 1,20,71 grievances have been settled by EPFO in the current fiscal. Out of the above, 15,462 of grievance have been disposed in the month of November," he added.
The review revealed that EPFO got e-India award from Elets Technomedia Pvt Ltd in association with Government of Kerala on launching Universal Account Number.
EPFO has subscribers' base of over five crore. It manages a corpus of over Rs 6 lakh crore with an incremental deposits of over 70,000 crore per annum.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt to spend over Rs 2 100cr for toilets in...Government to spend over Rs 2,100 crore for toilets in 1,649 villages
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 05.57PM IST
Tags:
Lok Sabha
(Government will spend over Rs 2,100 crore to…)
NEW DELHI: Government will spend over Rs 2,100 crore to build toilets and sewage treatment plants in 1,649 identified villages situated along both sides of Ganga river in five states, the LokSabha was told today.
"A total of 1,649 Gram Panchayats in 5 states have been identified as being situated along the banks of River Ganga.
"The Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation has prepared an Action Plan to make all these Gram Panchayats free from open defecation to implement in them appropriate Solid and Liquid Waste Management activities," government said in a reply in the Lok Sabha .
Minister of State for Drinking Water and Sanitation Ram Kripal Yadav said the cost to provide individual household latrines to all uncovered households in these Gram Panchayats and to initiate Solid and Liquid Waste Management activities, as per provisions of the Swachh Bharat Mission , is Rs 2,112.65 crore, of which the Centre's share is Rs 1,571.62 crore.
These activities are being implemented using resources available under the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (NBA)/Swachh Bharat Mission (Gramin) released by the ministry to the states, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SAIL share sale on Friday; floor price set at Rs 83 apiece | Stock slips over 3%  recoversSAIL share sale floor price fixed at Rs 83; may fetch Rs 1700 crore
By ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.41AM IST
0
Share More
The government will give a discount of 5 per cent to retail investors in the offering, a senior finance ministry official said, 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government set the floor price for the sale of a 5% stake in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) at a 2.75% discount as its record asset-sale programme gets underway on Friday.
In a notification to the stock exchanges, the company said that "the floor price of the offer in terms of Sebi OFS (offer for sale) circular shall be Rs 83." It will also offer a 5% discount to retail investors , said a senior finance ministry official .
The government plans to offload around 20.65 crore shares of SAIL in the offer for sale (OFS) on Friday.
The stock ended at Rs 85.35 Thursday on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), down 0.35%. "We expect to raise around Rs 1,500-1,700 crore from the stake sale," said the finance ministry official cited above.
The SAIL public offer will kick off the government's disinvestment programme through which it aims to raise Rs 58,425 crore this fiscal. Of the total,Rs 43,425 crore is expected to come from stake sales in government-controlled companies and Rs 15,000 crore from those in which it has a minority stake.
In July 2012, the Cabinet had approved a 10.82% stake sale in the state-run steel maker. The first tranche of the disinvestment was completed in March 2013 when the government sold just a 5.82% stake in the company on account of weak market conditions.The stake sale will also help the company meet Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI) listing norms, which require the government's holding to be lowered to 75%.In 2013, the government had sold a 5.82% stake in the company for around Rs 1,514 crore. The foreign participation was about 12% of the offer size. The government has lined up stake sales in NHPC, Coal India and ONGC as part of its effort to meet the disinvestment target.
The government will divest a 10% stake in Coal India, in which it holds 89.65%. Last fiscal, the government could mobilise only Rs 15,820 crore through disinvestment against a budgeted target of Rs 40,000 crore. In 2012-13, of the Rs 30,000-crore target, only Rs 23,957 crore was raised.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Woman arrested in stabbing death of U.S. teacher in Abu Dhabiwoman arrested in stabbing death of u.s. teacher in abu dhabi
Govt fixes SAIL OFS floor price at Rs 83  to get Rs 1700 crDec 04, 2014, 06.29 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt fixes SAIL OFS floor price at Rs 83, to get Rs 1700 cr
The government, which has 80 percent stake in SAIL, plans to sell up to 206.5 million shares through an auction on the stock exchanges.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt fixes SAIL OFS floor price at Rs 83, to get Rs 1700 cr
The government, which has 80 percent stake in SAIL, plans to sell up to 206.5 million shares through an auction on the stock exchanges.
Post your opinion here
 
The government, which will divest its 5 percent stake in Steel Authority of India ( SAIL ) Friday, has fixed the floor price at Rs 83 per share.
The government, which has 80 percent stake in SAIL, plans to sell up to 206.5 million shares through an auction on the stock exchanges. Through this, the government hopes to rake in Rs 1500-1700 crore.
"Government expects to garner Rs 1,500 crore to Rs 1,700 crore from SAIL disinvestment. Floor price will be Rs 83 and retail investors will get a discount of 5 percent," an official said after a meeting on SAIL disinvestment in the finance ministry.
The SAIL offering would be the first PSU share sale under the new government, which targets to raise Rs 43,425 crore through share sales in various state-owned firms during the ongoing fiscal.
Retail investors would get a discount of 5 percent to the bid price in the SAIL offering.
As much as 10 percent of the offered shares has been reserved for retail investors, who can buy shares worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 percent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved a 10.82 percent stake sale in SAIL. Accordingly, the first tranche of disinvestment of 5.82 percent was completed in March 2013.
The government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare its holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 percent stake sale in ONGC , 10 percent in Coal India  and 11.36 percent in NHPC .
HSBC Securities, Deutsche Equities, JP Morgan India are among the six merchant bankers advising the SAIL stake sale. While the new government assumed power in late May, there has been no PSU share sale so far in the current fiscal. During the previous 2013-14 fiscal, government has raised Rs 1,500 crore from sale of SAIL shares while the entire disinvestment proceeds stood at over Rs 16,000 crore.
SAIL stock price
On December 10, 2014, Steel Authority of India closed at Rs 77.25, down Rs 0.8, or 1.02 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 112.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 54.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 5.24 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 14.74. The latest book value of the company is Rs 103.30 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.75.
RELATED NEWS

Luminaire Technologies: Outcome of board meeting (EGM on Jan 03  2015)Dec 04, 2014, 05.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Luminaire Technologies: Outcome of board meeting (EGM on Jan 03, 2015)
Luminaire Technologies has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 04, 2014 has approved the following Agenda: 1. Appointment of Mr. Ramendra Kumar Gupta as Additional Director. 2. Appointment of Mrs. Sapna Gupta (Woman Director) as Additional Director.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Luminaire Technologies: Outcome of board meeting (EGM on Jan 03, 2015)
Luminaire Technologies has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 04, 2014 has approved the following Agenda: 1. Appointment of Mr. Ramendra Kumar Gupta as Additional Director. 2. Appointment of Mrs. Sapna Gupta (Woman Director) as Additional Director.
Post your opinion here
 
Luminaire Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 04, 2014 has approved the following Agenda:1. Appointment of Mr. Ramendra Kumar Gupta as Additional Director.2. Appointment of Mrs. Sapna Gupta (Woman Director) as Additional Director.3. The Board has approved, subject approval of Shareholders in the ensuing Extra Ordinary General Meeting, change of name of the Company from Lumnaire Technology Limited to Jagran Venture Limited as per proposal letter dt. November 13, 2014 received from ROC, Maharashtra, Mumbai.4. The Board has approved, subject approval of Shareholders in the ensuing Extra Ordinary General Meeting, the amendment of Object Clause and altering the Memorandum & Articles of Association of the Company.5. Issue of Preferential Shares including the increase in the Authorised Share Capital of the Company subject to approval Shareholders for 5 Crores Convertible Equity Warrants of Rs. 16/- each (including premium of Rs. 15/- each) on preferential basis in accordance with the provisions of Companies Act & as per SEBI (Issue of Capital & Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2009 and altering Memorandum & Articles of Association of the Company.6. Appointment of new Auditors in place of Auditors M/s. D. K. Chhajer & Co., Chartered Accountants, who has resigned and the same has been accepted by the Board. The new Auditors will hold office from the conclusion of this Board Meeting till Extra Ordinary General Meeting to be held on January 03, 2015.7. The Board has also discussed regarding the business activities of the Company and it was decided that the Company to place an order of approx Rs. 150 Crores for purchase and supply of high-end, latest technology Set-top-boxes in selected digital networks of India.Further, the Company proposes to set up a Studio to digitalize movies. The Company is also ready to raise biggest technology platform for digital content, security and distribution. The technology partners have already been tied up and the Board has approved..8. Next Extra Ordinary General Meeting.The Board has decided that the next Extra Ordinary General Meeting will be held on January 03, 2015 at 3 p.m., at office at 400-4th Floor, Sangeeta Ellipse, Sahakar Road, Behind Garware House, Vile Parle (E), Mumbai - 400 057, to approve the Object Clause, Change of Name Clause, Appointment of New Auditors including increasing in Authorised Share Capital and issue of 5 Crore Convertible Equity Warrants of Rs. 16/- each (including premium of Rs. 15/- each) on preferential basis in accordance with the provisions of Companies Act & as per SEBI (Issue of Capital & Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2009.Source : BSE

6 Janata Parivar parties have agreed to become one: MulayamExistential threat forces Janata Parivar reunion
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 12:24 AM IST
Six political parties, all of whom draw their lineage from the erstwhile Janata Dal, on Thursday authorised Samajwadi Party (SP) chief Mulayam Singh Yadav to work out the “modalities” of their merger into a single party, likely to be called Samajwadi Janata Dal.
The six parties are SP, Lalu Prasad-led Rashtriya Janata Dal, H D Deve Gowda-headed Janata Dal (Secular), Nitish Kumar and Sharad Yadav-led Janata Dal (United), Samajwadi Janata Party (SJP) and Om Prakash Chautala’s Indian National Lok Dal (INLD).
The previous such merger of the Janata Parivar parties took place in the late 1980s, while the 1990s saw a series of splits in the parent party, but these parties came together as separate entities to be part of the United Front government of 1996 to 1998.
The six parties also decided to stage a joint dharna in Delhi on December 22 to protest the Narendra Modi government’s failure to bring back black money stashed in foreign banks, its “U-turns” on issues concerning farmers and rising unemployment.
Prickly egos of Parivar leaders had led to multiple splits over the years. However, their leadership on Thursday denied that it was the Modi factor that has forced them to bury their differences and come together as a single party.
Modi, with his claims of being a tea-seller from an other backward castes community and promise of a better future for the youth, had found sizeable support from the traditional voters of these parties in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
Nitish Kumar said all the leaders felt that there should be “one party”, as they share same philosophy and principles. He said the six-party combine would also reach out to the Left parties. Besides Nitish and Mulayam, Sharad, Lalu, Dushyant Chautala, Kamal Morarka and Deve Gowda were present at the meeting.
The primary objective, apart from presenting a united face in Parliament, is also to prepare for the Assembly elections in UP and Bihar.
UP Assembly elections are scheduled for early-2017, while Bihar is likely to go to poll by the end of 2015. The Modi-led campaign of BJP had totally blanked out the two parties in UP and Bihar in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
Sources said former constituents like Biju Janata Dal and Ram Vilas Paswan’s Lok Jan Shakti Party have not been approached. BJD has a government in Odisha while Paswan is a Cabinet minister in the Modi-led government at the Centre. Paswan’s party had fought the 2014 Lok Sabha elections in alliance with the BJP.
The merger comes at a time when Mulayam and Lalu are mulling a marriage alliance. Mulayam’s grand nephew Tej Pratap, an MP, is set to wed Lalu’s youngest daughter Raj Lakshmi. It was the rivalry between the two Yadavs that had frustrated any move to forge an alliance all through the 1990s and 2000s.
TOGETHER AGAIN
SP, JD(U), SJP, INLD, JD(S) and RJD have decided to merge
Immediate challenge is end-2015’s Bihar Assembly polls
SP is in power in Uttar Pradesh and JD(U), with RJD support, is in power in Bihar
The Lok Sabha tally of the Samajwadi Janata Dal is only 15 – SP 5, RJD 4 and 2 each of INLD, JD (S) and JD(U)
The Rajya Sabha tally of the group is 30 – SP 15, JD (U) 12 and one each of JD (S), INLD and RJD

Rahul attacks Modi s style of functioningRahul attacks Modi's style of functioning
Press Trust of India | Amethi Dec 04, 2014 08:48 PM IST
Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi on Thursday attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s style of functioning, saying that he wants complete power in his hands.
“Prime Ministerji has a different thinking... that he has complete power in his hands... that the entire country is run by sitting in Delhi and all works are carried out and the entire development is supervised from Delhi,” Gandhi, who attended a function to mark 10th anniversary of Indira Gandhi Eye Hospital in Munshiganj area in Amethi, said.
“Water has receded and there is also no problem on roads, especially in Kheri and Bijnore. We are in touch with the district authorities of all the three Assembly constituencies,” he said.
In Balha constituency of Bahraich, the condition is fast returning to normal and a report has been sought, he said.
Sinha said central forces will not be deployed for the by-elections.
He said the demand of Opposition parties for removal of district and police officials engaged in poll duties is being reviewed.
The election commission has set up a control room in the state capital to register any complaint about violation of the model code of conduct or any other matter, he said.
He also said the commission has sought a report from the Lucknow district authorities if the venue of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh’s function to launch the “Jan Dhan” scheme in the state capital on Thursday falls in the Lucknow (East) Assembly segment.
“I have sought a report from the Lucknow District Magistrate on the matter,” he added.
The by-elections for 11 Assembly seats, slated for September 13, have been necessitated as the sitting MLAs have been elected as MPs.

IPAB to take up dispute on The New Indian Express trade mark for final hearingIPAB to take up dispute on The New Indian Express trade mark for final hearing
BS Reporter | Chennai Dec 04, 2014 05:48 PM IST
The Intellectual Property Appellated Board (IPAB) has decided to take up a rectification application of The Indian Express Ltd against the trade mark The New Indian Express, registered by Express Publications Madurai Ltd, for final hearing soon. A miscelleneous petition (MP) filed by Mumbai-based The Indian Express to expedite the hearing appeared today on which the IPAB has ordered fixing a date for final hearing.
The development comes as the latest in the two-decade long disputes between both the parties, who are relatives in the Goenka family, over the brand and ownership of the name.
The Indian Express, based in Mumbai, has filed the rectification application with the IPAB against the Trade Mark The New Indian Express, registered by the Madurai-based Express Publications Madurai, which is currently running the newspaper 'The New Indian Express' in South India and Orissa. The Mumbai-based Group alleged that the trade mark is against the memorandum of settlement entered between the two parties in late 1990s.
The IPAB coram comprising of Chairman Justice K N Basha and Technical Member (Trade Marks) Sanjeev Kumar Chaswal observed that a settlement was arrived at, wherein the Express Publications was allowed to use the trade mark under challenge, which is The New Indian Express, within a specified five states and the grievance of applicant is that the latter is exceeding and has also applied for a seperate independent impugned registration on trade mark.
Justice K N Basha, after hearing both the parties related to the miscelleneous petition, said, "It is seen that it is a matter of tussle between close relatives namely the adopted son and the grant son in respect of the use of the Trade Mark The New Indian Express." He added that the main question involved is whether Express Publications is having the right of permissive use of the trade mark under challenge or it is having an exclusive right of using the said trade mark. The IPAB directed the Registry to post the matter for final hearing on a date after two months.
The counsel appeared for Mumbai-based The Indian Express Ltd informed the IPAB that a dispute filed by the company against the Madurai Group related to the issue is pending with the Delhi High Court. He said that as per the Memorandum of Settlement, the latter could use the title only in five States.
The counsel appeared for The New Indian Express agreed that the Memorandum of Settlement allows it to use the title only in certain places. He added that the trade mark under challenge was registered in 1999 and even after that both the parties were sharing the advertisement.
As per the Memorandum of Settlement between both the parties, Express Publications Madurai was allowed to use the title The New Indian Express in Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh (undivided) and Orissa, apart from the Union Territories in Southern part of the country.
Indian Express Newspapers (Bombay) Limited, which later came to be named as Indian Express Newspapers (Mumbai) Limited, was founded by Ramnath Goenka, and had been publishing newspapers, including its flagship newspaper Indian Express.
After death of Goenka on October 5, 1991, there were numerous litigations amongst his heirs, including his adopted son Viveck Goenka, grand son Manoj Kumar Sonthalia and daughter-in-law Saroj Goenka.
According to an order by the Delhi High Court in 2011, a settlement dated February 5, 1995 was reached between the group of Viveck Goenka, the group of Manoj Kumar Sonthalia and group of Smt Saroj Goenka and it was under this settlement the Express Publications Madurai was entitled to use the title The New Indian Express in the five states and Union Territories in South India. A decree dated April 16, 1997 was passed by Madras High Court in terms of the settlement. This settlement was modified by a supplementary agreement dated August 12, 2005, added the document.
Ends

ICAI to help Telangana adopt accrual system of accountingICAI to help Telangana adopt accrual system of accounting
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Dec 04, 2014 08:45 PM IST
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) has suggested the Telangana government to adopt the globally-standard accrual system of accounting in place of the existing cash accounting, which according to it, would help the state attract investments in a big way.
According to the ICAI, the Telangana government has reacted positively to the proposal and the institute would soon form a task force comprising chartered accountants professionals.
“We had a preliminary round of discussion with the government. We have decided to form a task force for them (Telangana government). ICAI members from the region would be involved in the exercise,” said ICAI president Raghu here today.
Telangana is currently following the cash accounting system, which captures the collective income and expenditure. However, accrual system of accounting also covers assets and liabilities. It is based on the accrual principal, under which, revenue is recognised (recorded) when earned, and expenses are recognised when incurred.
Speaking to mediapersons on the sidelines of a two-day national conference for student chartered accountants here, Raghu said, “being a newly-formed state it becomes easy to implement it. Moreover, there is nothing complicated in the system.”
Though the accounting system may not be implemented in all the departments, its adoption in key departments would help the state attract investments in the state government-backed debt and securities.
“Investments will come in a big way if the state could implement it.”
According to Raghu, the ICAI and Indian Railways were in advance stages of discussions for implementing the accrual accounting system across select railway divisions in the next 2-3 years. It hopes to complete the working procedures and training of the accounting staff during the period.
The institute had already trained the accounts department of India Post for putting in place the system.

Europe stocks at 5-year high before Draghi commentsEuro rallies after ECB keeps powder dry
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/14ed1f00-7b5f-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Retirement fund body EPFO settles 10 lakh PF claims in NovRetirement fund body EPFO settles 10 lakh PF claims in November
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 19:35 IST
Photo: Reuters
Retirement fund body EPFO has settled 10 lakh claims, including withdrawal and transfer of provident fund, in the month of November.
According to a recent review of the performance of the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) by its Central Provident Fund Commissioner K K Jalan, the body settled 10 lakh claims in November.
"With this (10 lakh settlements in November), total number of claims settled by the EPFO has touched 85 lakhs. This includes claims relating to final settlement of PF , advances / withdrawal from the funds, transfer applications, pension claims and insurance claims", Jalan noted during the review.
In the current financial year, 97.52 per cent of the claims settled have been done so within the mandated period of 30 days.
Almost 70 per cent of claims has been settled within 10 days of receipt.
Continuing to accord primacy to customer satisfaction, 1,20,71 grievances have been settled by EPFO in the current fiscal.
"Out of the above, 15,462 of grievance have been disposed in the month of November", he added.
The review revealed that EPFO got e-India award from Elets Technomedia in association with Government of Kerala on launching Universal Account Number.
EPFO has subscribers' base of over five crore.
It manages a corpus of over Rs 6 lakh crore with an incremental deposits of over 70,000 crore per annum.

Supreme Court seeks steps to stop sex-determination contents onwebsitesBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 6:39 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 6:44 pm
The Supreme Court on Thursday said that an effort has to be made to ensure that websites like Google India, Yahoo India and Microsoft Corporation (I) Pvt Ltd do not show contents in violation of the Indian law prohibiting sex determination of a foetus.
“In our considered opinion, an effort has to be made to see that nothing contrary to laws of this country are advertised or shown on these websites.
“However, for the said purpose, we would like to have the assistance from the competent authority from the Department of Information and Technology. We would request Ranjit Kumar, Solicitor General, to assist us on the next date, being assisted by a competent officer, as it involves technical issues,” a bench of justices Dipak Misra and U U Lalit said.
The court also expressed unhappiness over a 2010 affidavit of Group Coordinator, Cyber Laws Formulation and Enforcement Division of Department of Information Technology, that the Centre cannot block such contents on websites as pre-natal sex determination is not an offence in other countries and moreover, these sites have servers outside India.
“As we understand from the affidavit, it reflects a kind of helplessness by the said deponent. That apart, we do not appreciate the manner in which the stand has been expressed in paragraph (s) of the counter affidavit…,” it said.
During the hearing, the counsel for the websites on Thursday said that they do not violate the Indian law and they merely “provide a corridor, they do not have any control”.
The bench then listed the matter for hearing on December 15 saying, “Be that as it may, a legal solution has to be arrived at.”
It was alleged that despite the legal prohibition, websites like Google India, Yahoo India and Microsoft Corporation (I) Pvt Ltd are “still getting things advertised in violation of the legal provisions contained in the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act…”.
The court was hearing a PIL filed by NGO Voluntary Health Association of Punjab seeking court’s intervention in view of decreasing number of girl child in the country.
Earlier, the court had come down heavily on various states for their failure to stop female foeticide leading to alarming drop in the sex ratio in the country.
It had asked two joint secretaries and one additional secretary of Union Health Ministry to convene a meeting of senior officials of Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and National Capital Territory Delhi on December 3 to check “relevant registers” and records that had formed the basis of the sex-ratio data provided by them.
The court had also wanted to know as to whether the states have any plan to give “individual incentives” to the families to save the girl child. The NGO has said there is “severe decline” in the sex-ratio and almost all the states, which have filed the affidavits, have admitted to this.
The apex court had on March 4 last year directed the Centre and state governments to take quick and tough action against people indulging in female foeticide and had passed a slew of directions for continued…

State probing Centres decision on gas pricing is absurd: Reliance Industries Limited to HighCourtBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 6:31 pm
The Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) on Thursday told the Delhi High Court that the Delhi government’s decision to probe the Centre’s policy on gas pricing was a “peculiar” and “absurd” situation.
The submission was made before Justice V K Shali by senior advocate Abhishek Manu Singhvi who appeared for RIL which has challenged the then Arvind Kejriwal-led Delhi government’s decision to lodge an
FIR relating to alleged irregularities in raising the price of gas from the company’s KG6 basin.
UPA ministers M Veerappa Moily and Murli Deora, RIL Chairman Mukesh Ambani and others were named in the FIR.
Delhi government had also alleged that the UPA government “favoured” RIL with an eye on the 2014 general elections and BJP maintained “silence” hoping to gain corporate funding for the polls. The charges have been denied by RIL and others.
Advocate Prashant Bhushan, appearing for the persons on whose complaint the FIR was lodged, had said the July 23, 2014, the notification on the powers of the Anti-Corruption Branch (ACB) amounted to diluting its powers.
The July 23 notification has limited the ACB’s powers to probe graft cases to the extent that it can investigate only city government officials and not those of the Centre.
The notification was violative of the Criminal Procedure Code, Bhushan said and added the Centre did not have the power to issue the same with respect to ACB.
Delhi government, on its part, opposed RIL’s submission saying it was only investigating a criminal complaint and central government officials may come in the sweep of its probe.
The Centre, meanwhile, said it is still awaiting instructions on whether the notification will have prospective effect.
After hearing the brief arguments, the court listed the matter for further hearing on January 21, 2015.

India sees biggest improvement in Internet f...You are here: Home > Collections > India
India sees biggest improvement in Internet freedom
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 06.13PM IST
Tags:
Internet
(Relaxation of restrictions…)
NEW DELHI: Relaxation of restrictions on Internet access and content has helped India register the biggest improvement in Internet freedom this year compared to its global counterparts, a report said today.
According to the report 'Freedom on the Net 2014', very few countries registered any gain in Internet freedom compared to the previous year.
"The year's biggest improvement occurred in India, where authorities relaxed restrictions on access and content that had been imposed in 2013 to help quell rioting in north- eastern states," the report said.
Internet freedom around the world, however, has declined for the fourth consecutive year.
This is on account of a growing number of countries introducing online censorship and monitoring practices that are simultaneously more aggressive and more sophisticated in their targeting of individual users, it said.
The report, published by independent watchdog body Freedom House, assesses improvements and declines in Internet freedom across countries. This edition covered 65 countries.
On a scale of 0-100 (where zero was most free and 100 was least free), India saw its ranking improving to 42 this year, from 47 last year.
The report noted that while reports of online content manipulation rose before the polls, but discourse and social media campaigning remained robust on all sides.
"Blocks on content, thought to disturb public order, declined in comparison to the previous coverage period," it added.
With around 200 million users, of which nearly 150 million are active at least once a month, India is the third largest Internet consumer base globally after China and the US.
The report said that unlike the past when most governments preferred a behind-the-scenes approach to Internet control, countries are rapidly adopting new laws that "legitimise existing repression" and "effectively criminalise online dissent".
"As a result, more people are being arrested for their Internet activity than ever before, online media outlets are increasingly pressured to censor themselves or face legal penalties, and private companies are facing new demands to comply with government requests for data or deletions," it added.
Of the 65 countries assessed, 36 experienced a negative trajectory since May 2013 with the most significant declines being seen in Russia, Turkey and Ukraine .
Iran , Syria and China emerged as the world's worst abusers of Internet freedom overall, the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ABB shares surge 13% on Rs 334-crore contractABB
(After surging 19.99% to Rs 1,396.70…)
MUMBAI: Shares of power and automation technologies provider ABB today surged nearly 13 per cent after the company bagged two orders valued at Rs 334 crore to set up transmission and distribution substations in Bihar and West Bengal.
After surging 19.99 per cent to Rs 1,396.70 -- its 52-week high on the BSE in intra-day trade, shares of ABB finally ended at Rs 1,315.05, up 12.98 per cent from its previous close.
On the NSE, it ended with a sharp gain of 12.91 per cent at Rs 1,315.95.
Led by the rally in the stock, the company's market valuation surged Rs 3,202.01 crore to Rs 27,867.01 crore.
The company secured the orders from Bihar Grid Corporation Limited (BGCL) and West Bengal State Electricity Transmission Company Ltd (WBSETCL) to build new transmission and distribution substations that will boost power supplies in the regions, a company release had said yesterday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New airlines to take wings in 2015New airlines to take wing in 2015
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai: Dec 05, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Aviation professionals and investors are taking fresh bets by launching new airlines on regional and national routes while existing domestic carriers continue to bleed and remain mired in debt.
The first to take off will be Air Pegasus, promoted by Bengaluru-based ground-handling firm Deccor Aviation. Air Pegasus Managing Director Shyson Thomas said the airline would commence services later this month on regional routes in south India. Industry sources, however, expect the airline will start flying next month because the company is yet to receive a permit from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation.
Air Pegasus received a no-objection certificate from the civil aviation ministry in 2012 but its plans were held up over difficulties in getting aircraft on lease following the shutdown of Kingfisher Airlines. The airline has now taken on lease a 70-seater ATR-72 and has tied up for two similar aircraft. Air Pegasus will connect Bengaluru with Thiruvananthapuram, Hubli, Chennai, Tuticorin and other cities in the initial stage. Other start-ups too are preparing for launch. Air One, which runs an air charter service, plans to finalise its aircraft leases by next month, while Flyeasy, a regional airline with a base in Bangalore, has begun hiring pilots and engineers for its proposed fleet of Embraer jets. Premier Airways headed by NRI engineer Umapathy Pinaghapani is slated to launch services next summer, according to a media report.
Air One and Premier Airways are among six companies that received no-objection certificates from the civil aviation ministry earlier this year. Flyeasy, promoted by ABC Aviation & Training, received its clearance prior to 2014.
In all, 16 companies have been issued no-objection certificates to start scheduled airlines since 2009. Only two, Air Costa and AirAsia, have started operations. Vistara too is awaiting a DGCA clearance and is expected to launch services next month.
“We do not have to start from scratch and so securing the permit should not be an issue for us. We have the experience of running non-scheduled operations,” said Air One promoter Alok Sharma. He added the airline would launch within eight months.
Sharma headed Air Sahara before it was sold to Jet Airways and has brought several of his former colleagues into the charter company. He denied Air One was backed by the Sahara group and insisted it was an independent firm.
Sharma said Air One would operate as a dual-class full service airline with narrow body Boeing 737s or Airbus A320s and its base would be Delhi. He added aircraft leases would be finalised next month and the airline hoped to induct 20 planes in three years.
Industry sources, however, pointed out lessors did not have surplus aircraft and still viewed India as a risky market following the collapse of Kingfisher Airlines. “With crude oil declining, I see a greater appetite to lease planes in Europe rather in India,” a source said.
Sharma said getting planes on lease would not be a problem but the issue was a contiguous delivery schedule. “We are sorting that out,” he added.
“We are starting with our eyes wide open,'' Sharma said when asked about competition and IndiGo’s rapid expansion. “It took IndiGo five years to become the number one airline,” he added.
Thomas also allayed fears over competition and said his company was well funded with an investment of about Rs 100 crore and it had tied up with banks for working capital. He said Air Pegasus would start with two ATRs and he planned to induct a third within a month.
"Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajpathy Raju wants to promote regional connectivity and flights to tier II and III cities and we aim to do that. We will have morning flight between Bangalore-Thiruvanthapuram and will also be the only airline now flying Bangalore-Hubli. We plan to utilise aircraft for 9-10 hours daily and will have a turnaround time of 20 minutes. All our flights may not be equally rewarding but we operate a smaller plane with 70 seats. So even if we have 40 seats full we will have close to 60 percent occupancy. Our operating costs too will be low,'' he adds.

State probing Centre s decision on gas pricing is absurd: RILState probing Centre's decision on gas pricing is absurd: RIL
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 06:20 PM IST
The Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) today told the Delhi High Court that the city government's decision to probe the Centre's policy on gas pricing was a "peculiar" and "absurd" situation.
The submission was made before Justice V K Shali by senior advocate Abhishek Manu Singhvi who appeared for RIL which has challenged the then Arvind Kejriwal-led Delhi government's decision to lodge an FIR relating to alleged irregularities in raising the price of gas from the company's KG6 basin.
UPA ministers M Veerappa Moily and Murli Deora, RIL Chairman Mukesh Ambani and others were named in the FIR.
Delhi government had also alleged that the UPA government "favoured" RIL with an eye on the 2014 general elections and BJP maintained "silence" hoping to gain corporate funding for the polls. The charges have been denied by RIL and others.
Advocate Prashant Bhushan, appearing for the persons on whose complaint the FIR was lodged, had said the July 23, 2014, the notification on the powers of the powers of the Anti-Corruption Branch (ACB) amounted to diluting its powers.
The July 23 notification has limited the ACB's powers to probe graft cases to the extent that it can investigate only city government officials and not those of the Centre.
The notification was violative of the Criminal Procedure Code, Bhushan said and added the Centre did not have the power to issue the same with respect to ACB.
Delhi government, on its part, opposed RIL's submission saying it was only investigating a criminal complaint and central government officials may come in the sweep of its probe.
The Centre, meanwhile, said it is still awaiting instructions on whether the notification will have prospective effect.
After hearing the brief arguments, the court listed the matter for further hearing on January 21, 2015.

I have become more patient and never lost faith in hardwork: ManojTiwaryBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 6:49 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 12:15 pm
Manoj Tiwary is back in national contention with some impressive knocks in domestic cricket and the Bengal batsman attributes his recent form to a “change in technique” along with a “sea change in attitude”.
Tiwary’s sequence of scores in the last five List A innings read as 57, 130, 56, 151 and 75 with Deodhar Trophy victory being an icing on the cake and a call-up in the 30-man World Cup probables list was inevitable.
“At the start of the season, I went back to the nets with my childhood coach Manabendra Ghosh and worked on my technique against pacers as well as spinners. Against pacers, I changed my stance and used a higher backlift. Earlier, I used to have a comparatively much lower backlift and it meant, I had lesser reaction time against pacers. With a higher backlift, I get more time to play my shots,” the 29-year-old told PTI.
“I believe this subtle change has worked wonders for me even during India A’s tour of Australia, earlier this year. I watched videos of my matches and discussed and practised in the nets. When I felt comfortable, I used that stance during the matches,” said Tiwary.
The talented right-hander, who has got chance to play only nine ODIs and three T20 Internationals for India in the last seven years, then went on to explain the subtle changes that he brought about in his technique while negotiating the spinners.
“My natural game is to attack the spinners and there is no secret that we all need to give them the charge. The change that I made is to remain as low as possible while trying to loft the spinners.
“The lower the centre of gravity of the body, the more distance you can hit the ball. As you can see, I have hit close to 20 sixes (19) in last five games,” said Tiwary.
Being in and out of the Indian team has made him more pragmatic as a person and he doesn’t want to look too far ahead.
“Yes, the World Cup probables was there at the back of my mind. But if you let those things affect you, then you can’t focus on the job. My job is to score runs. Yes, I want to play for India but I have had injuries at the wrong time. But is there a point in crying over spilt milk? It’s better to look ahead and keep performing. I just want to do that,” said Bengal’s top performer for the past six years.
He also said that earlier, comparisons used to bother him but now he has learnt the art of moving on.
“I won’t deny there was a point in time when comparisons and continued…

Ebola buster: booster vaccine starts first trials in Oxfordprint
A health official dressed in protective gear examines children suffering from the Ebola virus at Makeni Arab Holding Centre in Makeni, Sierra Leone (AP Photo/Tanya Bindra)
Scientists at Oxford University have launched the first clinical tests of a new Ebola vaccine approach, using a booster developed by Denmark's Bavarian Nordic that may improve the effects of a shot from GlaxoSmithKline.
Thirty healthy volunteers in Britain who have already received the experimental Ebola vaccine being developed by GSK and the US National Institutes of Health will get the booster shot, researchers said on Thursday.
Adrian Hill, who is leading the trial at Oxford University's Jenner Institute, said it was important to explore all avenues.
"If a single dose of an Ebola vaccine is sufficient, it makes absolute sense to use that. But it also makes sense at this early stage of trials to see if a second booster vaccine can greatly increase the levels of immune responses produced," he said.
Nine-year-old Nowa Paye is taken to an ambulance after showing signs of the Ebola infection in the village of Freeman Reserve, about 30 miles north of Monrovia, Liberia. (AP photo)
 
As neither vaccine contains infectious material, they cannot cause a person who is vaccinated to become infected with Ebola.
Drug companies and scientists are racing to develop an effective vaccine to help fight the world's worst Ebola outbreak, which has killed some 6,000 people in West Africa, and they are collaborating to try and find the best approach.
Johnson & Johnson is also working with Bavarian to develop another so-called prime-boost vaccine and a spokeswoman for the U.S. group said trials with its product were expected to start "very soon".
Prime-boost involves a first vaccination to stimulate an initial immune response and a second shot a few weeks later to boost that response further.
Anne McNeill, right, with IBM Corporate Community Relations, demonstrates the World Community Grid to sophomore Whitney Rains at Meredith College in Raleigh, North Carolina, in this Sept. 6, 2006 file photo.(AP photo/Gerry Broome)
 
Another experimental Ebola vaccine is also being developed by Merck & Co and NewLink.
Some Ebola experts say it is unlikely the epidemic can be brought under control without the use of a vaccine, which if successful could protect healthy people from being infected with the contagious and deadly virus.

Nifty gains 20 points after a fall to end at 8564Dec 04, 2014, 06.39 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nifty gains 20 points after a fall to end at 8564
From the highs of 8,600, lasting for 10-15 minutes, Nifty saw selling pressure and gave off close to around 70 points but in the final hour of trade it saw some kind of recovery and that is why the Nifty ended with a gain of close to around 20 points odd.

Promote thyself the new social waypromote thyself the new social way
Why Eric Garner isnt Ferguson -- politically speakingBy Aaron Blake December 4 Follow @aaronblakewp
A woman wears a T-shirt with a photo of Eric Garner at a gathering at a makeshift memorial in the spot where he died during an arrest in July in the Staten Island borough of New York. (Eduardo Munoz/Reuters)
Ferguson has become as much a political thing as it is a racial thing. In fact, when it comes to the question of whether officer Darren Wilson should have been indicted for killing Michael Brown, the  gap between Republicans and Democrats is as big as the gap between African Americans and whites . And both gaps are massive.
So now that another grand jury has declined to indict white police officers in the death of another unarmed black man -- Eric Garner in New York City -- one might expect it to combine with Ferguson to create something of a political snowball effect.
But early indications are that this isn't happening. In fact, plenty of Republicans, as well as Democrats and minority groups, are crying foul on this one.
There's a reason for that. That's because, for all the similarities between the two tragedies, there are some pretty significant differences, too -- differences that might help take the politics/partisanship out of it.
(To clarify: None of this is to say one is more important than the other -- just that they are different from a political/partisan standpoint.)
First, there is video of the Garner incident, in which several police officers attempt to detain Garner and one of them puts him in a chokehold -- all over his alleged sale of tax-free cigarettes.
The political debate in the Missouri case is as much about exactly what happened before Michael Brown's death as it is about the use of force employed in response. Did Brown scuffle with Wilson in the officer's car? Were his hands raised when he was shot? Was he charging at Wilson? Ask people of different political persuasions, and you get very different answers.
The Garner video leaves little room for interpretation and deciding whom to believe. So, from there, it's a judgment call as to whether the use of force was appropriate. Chokeholds, as it happens, are against New York City police protocol. That's an important point that, for people of all political and racial stripes, has become hard to reconcile with the lack of indictment.
And finally, it's indisputable that plenty of Americans of all kinds don't totally trust the police. Skepticism of those in positions of power, after all, is part of what makes the United States the United States. It was part of this country's founding.
The polls bear that out. A recent Pew survey showed that just 30 percent of Americans rate the job being done by police as "excellent" or "good."
Similarly, just 30 percent say police departments are at least "good" at holding their officers accountable for misconduct, and 35 percent say they are at least "good" at using the right amount of force. More than six in 10 Americans rate them "fair" or "poor" at these two things.
That leaves plenty of room for skepticism when it comes to the officers' conduct before Garner's death. And we're already seeing many conservatives and Republicans joining in the questioning of the decision not to indict the officers involved.
HotAir recaps some of it here . Breitbart's John Nolte was among the most active in speaking out:
Eric Garner is 180 from Mike Brown. Choke hold, guy was just selling cigs. Hate to disappoint the Left, but I'm with them on this one.
— John Nolte (@NolteNC) December 3, 2014
Nolte added:
Eric Garner is 180 from Mike Brown. Choke hold, guy was just selling cigs. Hate to disappoint the Left, but I'm with them on this one.
— John Nolte (@NolteNC) December 3, 2014
Yes, some conservatives still defended the grand jury's decision. And that's not surprising; a recent Gallup poll showed 68 percent of Republicans have high levels of trust in police , vs. 44 percent of Democrats. The GOP is simply more apt to believe in the actions of law enforcement, which means they are more likely to give the officers in the Garner incident the benefit of the doubt.
But in this case, there is plenty of dismay to go around. And although things certainly can change, this isn't as inherently politically charged as Ferguson.
Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-Ohio) told a reporter at a news conference on Thursday that there are still "unanswered questions" about the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. (AP)
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Sreya ; if you don`t book a loss ; be very careful ; the loss ma...11 Followers
Reposted about 12 days 7 hrs 56 min 17 sec ago by Recycle Bin
I see myself and recycle bin as the only 2 souls now positive on Shilpi,in which recycle is more interested in reposting and giving stars.I took over this board as anand sold off her holdings and left this board leaving her followers by their own.Now i want everyone to hold this share.Dont book loss.

Surer star candle Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I am also surprise to see its stuck badly in 7-9 range only and only s...Platinum Member
313 Followers
i am also surprise to see its stuck badly in 7-9 range only and only sometime going to 11 instead of 25-30 price its at very lower price...hope to see it soon above 20rs
7.28 PM Dec 4th  | Track

Oh v good let it rock and danceCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Nathan Vasher sells Mundelein homeNathan Vasher sells Mundelein home
Nathan Vasher
8
Vasher, 33, played 10 seasons in the NFL and was cut by San Diego in 2010.
Vasher took a loss on the house, which he bought in 2005 for $440,000. He listed it in April for $349,900 and later cut his asking price to $339,900 before going under contract.
There were multiple offers on the house, said Leslie Silverman of @properties, who represented the buyers. "It's such a beautiful, well-maintained home," she said.

Pimco suffers $100bn in redemptionsPimco suffers $100bn in redemptions from top funds
Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/22b69960-7423-11e4-82a6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal plants sap Chinas emissions targetsNovember 30, 2014 12:03 pm
Coal conversion plants sap China’s emissions targets
Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b47d259e-7612-11e4-a777-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Christies chief Murphy to step downChristie’s chief Murphy to step down
Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5fb74688-7a46-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil price slide a mixed blessing for ChinaDecember 3, 2014 3:46 am
Oil price slide a mixed blessing for China
Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ceeed536-7a08-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China releases first estimate of oil reservesLast updated: November 20, 2014 5:34 pm
China releases first formal estimate of strategic oil reserves
Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09c47d8e-7084-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Takata balks at US-wide airbag recallTakata criticised for balking at US nationwide airbag recall
Andy Sharman in London, Kana Inagaki in Tokyo and Aaron Stanley in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca851bc0-7aa0-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Christies CEO departure surprises art worldChristie’s CEO departure surprises art world
Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8fb09e22-7a7b-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asset managers cut oil debt exposureAsset managers cut oil debt exposure
Michael Mackenzie and Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6156b79c-7af7-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inside  The Legend of Zelda  Symphony TourIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Orion carries hopes of human space flightNasa’s Orion carries hopes of human space flight
Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/611035a8-7aff-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

An active headache for fund managersAn active headache for fund managers
John Authers
2014 has been bad thanks to lower volatility and dispersion
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4b9840c0-7a42-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Qatar replaces head of $300bn fundQatar replaces head of $300bn fund
Arash Massoudi and Kate Allen in London and Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/71eb8200-7b14-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

All hail the anti-sports carItaly's most dangerous spider
Truth is, Subaru’s winged beast owes its place on this list to a stupefying in-car video released in June, in which driver Mark Higgins pilots a mostly stock STI around Britain’s Isle of Man – a torturous 37-mile loop – in a scant 19 minutes, 26 seconds, at speeds in excess of 160mph. He manages to obliterate the standing record in the process – a record held by himself, set behind the wheel of the previous-generation STI.
The new STI’s turbocharged 2.5-litre horizontally opposed four-cylinder engine is unchanged from last year, but the car around it is new – dramatically stiffer and better balanced (better looking, too, if we’re being honest). The flat four produces a noisy 305 horsepower and 290 pound-feet of torque, delivered to all four wheels through a six-speed manual transmission – no automatic is available. The suspension, too, is thoroughly revised and properly punishing, as a thoroughbred sports car should be.
The STI has few real rivals – cars that can charge as hard and corner as tenaciously and carry a child seat, a mother-in-law and a week’s worth of luggage. Sports car or sporting sedan – quibble among yourselves. The WRX STI is still the sharpest multi-tool in the shed.
Second Opinion: 2015 Jaguar F-type Coupe
(Jaguar Cars)
There’s a reason why the black side skirts on the top-spec Jaguar F-type R Coupe seem a bit de trop. The fundamental shape of Coventry’s first proper sports car in decades is so alluring that any adornment reads like lipstick on the Venus de Milo. Whether in V6 or V8 guise, the coupe also moves like a welterweight, shifts like a metronome and bleats bloody murder at the merest throttle tap. Tomorrow's Jaguar scholars risk forgetting the letter in the alphabet immediately preceding “F”. – Jonathan Schultz
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
Fascinating Cars of 2014
Editor Matthew Phenix and deputy editor Jonathan Schultz revisited the most fascinating cars of the year. Click here in coming weeks for more honorees.

Mike Green traveling  but will miss fifth straightBy Alex Prewitt December 3 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
Injured defenseman Mike Green will travel with the Washington Capitals on their short road trip to Carolina and New Jersey, but will miss his fifth straight game with an upper-body issue, Coach Barry Trotz said Wednesday.
Green had hoped to resume workouts with the Capitals by then, he said Tuesday while watching practice in street clothes, but instead skated alone Wednesday morning, hours before the Capitals flew to Raleigh, N.C., to face the Hurricanes. Green suffered the injury in a Nov. 22 loss to the Buffalo Sabres  during the first period, he said, and tried to play during the second period before missing the third.
Trotz shared hope Green could skate with the Capitals on Thursday morning at PNC Arena and play Saturday against the Devils in Newark, N.J.
“Mike will be making the trip,” Trotz said. “He didn’t skate today with us. Hopefully tomorrow. Sounds like he’ll jump in the group for a little bit and go from there. He won’t play tomorrow for sure, but maybe later in the week.”
Forward Liam O’Brien, who has played just once since Nov. 11 after battling a lower-body issue and later getting scratched, will also make the trip, despite hints from Trotz that a reassignment to Hershey may soon come.
The 20-year-old forward, signed during training camp as an undrafted free agent, is exempt from clearing waivers to report to the American Hockey League, so with the Capitals already carrying 13 healthy forwards besides him, Trotz wanted O’Brien to receive work rather than watch from the press box on a nightly basis.
“He’s coming on the trip,” Trotz said. “But as I say, we’ll determine. If I’m not getting him enough ice time in games and stuff, then we’ll make that determination. He keeps working at his game. You can see, I watch him, he’s not playing but he actually looks like a different player than he was at development camp. But we’re going to lose his game skills, so we’re going to have to get him in some games here or make that decision.”
The lines at Wednesday’s pre-flight practice looked exactly the same as they did during Tuesday’s 4-3 home loss to Vancouver :
Forwards
Alex Ovechkin–Nicklas Backstrom–Tom Wilson
Marcus Johansson–Evgeny Kuznetsov–Troy Brouwer
Brooks Laich–Eric Fehr–Joel Ward
Jason Chimera–Andre Burakovsky–Jay Beagle
Defensemen
Karl Alzner–Matt Niskanen
Nate Schmidt–Jack Hillen

Right to work legislation on agenda after GOP sweepBy Reid Wilson December 3 Follow @postreid
Protesters hold wooden letters spelling the word “shame” in front of the Wisconsin State Capitol on March 10, 2011, in Madison, Wis. Thousands of demonstrators gathered to protest as the Wisconsin House voted to pass the state’s controversial budget bill, one day after Wisconsin Republican senators voted to curb collective bargaining rights for public union workers in a surprise vote with no Democrats present. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Update: This post has been updated after leadership elections in New Hampshire.
A month after voters handed Republicans control of an unprecedented number of state legislative chambers across the country, party leaders in key states are preparing a raft of proposals that would severely weaken the political power of labor unions.
The most immediate threat comes from so-called Right to Work legislation, which allow employees to opt out of joining a labor union. States without Right to Work laws allow unions to require employees to pay dues even if they decline to join because those unions negotiate businesses on behalf of all workers.
Republicans in at least five states — Wisconsin, New Mexico, New Hampshire, Ohio and Missouri — have introduced or plan to introduce versions of the law in legislative sessions that will begin in January. Legislators in Colorado, Kentucky, Montana and Pennsylvania are all likely to push similar laws, though union-friendly Democratic governors in each state will act as firewalls.
Wisconsin appears to be the most likely battleground between business interests and labor unions. State Rep. Chris Kapenga (R) said this week that he will introduce a Right to Work measure. Republican leaders including Gov. Scott Walker (R) have said such legislation isn’t a top priority, but Assembly Speaker Robin Vos (R) and Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald (R) have said they are open to bringing the issue up.
“The benefits to Wisconsin are pretty simple, and the statistics are very clear: If we pass legislation like right to work, we’re going to see an increase in the number of jobs available, and I fully expect to see an increase in incomes,” Kapenga said in an interview. “From a broad philosophical standpoint, this fits very well with what we’re doing.”
But there are risks involved, too: The last time Republicans advanced legislation curbing labor union powers, they were met with loud protests and recalls of everyone from Walker to state senators, both Republicans and Democrats. Walker survived the recall effort; several state senators did not.
The power of unions has waned in recent decades. The number of workers who are union members has declined in 43 states over the past decade. Just 11.3 percent of wage and salary workers were union members in 2013, according to the Labor Department.
Nonetheless, unions remain a potent political force. While the recall effort against Walker wasn’t successful, a 2011 Ohio law that would have limited the collective bargaining rights of public employees was overturned in a ballot referendum just months after it was passed. Future attacks on union power could risk similar blowback.
“Any introduction of right to work legislation would be a move in the wrong direction for Wisconsin and a serious disappointment at a time when Wisconsin needs legislators to focus on family-supporting jobs and reviving our sluggish economy,” Stephanie Bloomingdale, secretary-treasurer of the Wisconsin AFL-CIO, said in an e-mail. “These bills have proven time and time again to decrease wages and safety standards in all workplaces.”
New Mexico Republicans captured control of the state House this year for the first time in 60 years, and while Democrats control the state Senate, a coalition of moderates may join Republicans in passing a measure. The Democratic-controlled legislature passed right to work legislation in 1979 and 1981, though then-Gov. Bruce King (D) vetoed those laws both times.
Gov. Susana Martinez (R) supports right to work legislation, though she did not make it a cornerstone of her reelection campaign this year.
Republicans expanded their legislative majorities in Missouri, giving the party enough votes to override Gov. Jay Nixon’s (D) veto. Outgoing state House Speaker Tim Jones (R) made right to work legislation a top priority in 2014, though a measure fell four votes short of passage . Republicans picked up nine seats, giving the legislation new hope in the 2015 legislative session. Several draft bills have been filed, though one Republican state legislator said efforts to pair right to work legislation with other, more aggressive measures could complicate passage.
New Hampshire Republicans have said they will make a right to work bill one of their top priorities this year. But on Wednesday, former House Speaker Bill O’Brien (R), a major right to work proponent, lost his bid to return to office, throwing this year’s agenda in flux.
Twenty-four states  have right to work legislation on the books. The debate tends to pop up in waves, said Jeanne Mejeur, an analyst at the National Conference of State Legislatures. Republicans began pushing the first versions in the 1940s and 1950s, when 17 states, mostly in the South and Midwest, passed bills. Michigan and Indiana were the two most recent states to pass right to work laws, in 2012.
Right to work “has been an area of renewed interest in the last few years,” Mejeur said.
Ohio proponents will use Michigan and Indiana as examples when they advance their right to work legislation next session. Two versions of the bill introduced this year will die with the end of the year, but Greg Lawson, a policy analyst at the conservative Buckeye Institute for Public Policy Solutions, said he expects right to work to return in 2015.
Right to work advocates learned their lesson from the 2011 battle over Senate Bill 5, Lawson said, and they plan to lay a more comprehensive foundation to avoid a public relations backlash once their measure is introduced.
“It’s going to take a lot of tilling of the soil,” Lawson said.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) is one patch of soil that will need some attention. Kasich told the Cincinnati Enquirer’s editorial board  this year that he hadn’t heard any complaints about right to work laws from CEOs looking to open facilities in Ohio. Still, he did not say definitively whether he would support or oppose any legislation that might land on his desk.
Most state versions of right to work laws look similar, said Greg Mourad, vice president of the National Right to Work Committee, even those passed more than half a century ago. The decision to allow right to work laws is given to the states under the National Labor Relations Act, passed in 1935.
Business groups like the Chamber of Commerce and conservative groups like the American Legislative Exchange Council favor right to work laws, which they say give workers more freedom and enhance economic development. Unions, which stand to lose huge amounts from their annual operating budgets if workers opt out, say those laws give businesses an opportunity to exploit workers by paying them less.
Union officials say they will aggressively push back against any measures that come up in legislatures across the country. Josh Goldstein, a spokesman for the AFL-CIO, said the union would educate and mobilize 2.5 million members in key states. The union also plans a national summit on raising wages, with regional summits in targeted states and cities.
But backers say recent economic growth in states that have right to work laws on the books bolster their arguments.
“The more states that get right to work, the more stark the numbers are in terms of economic benefits,” Mourad said. “Getting the roll call vote and putting all the politicians on the record is a short-term success, if not the total victory. Because once they’re on the record, people can hold them accountable.”
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Vanguards November inflows top $21bnVanguard’s November inflows top $21bn
Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34837b9e-7b04-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US reassures world on climate goalsUS reassures world on climate goals
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/944a39ec-7b17-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putin and the perfect economic stormCan Vladimir Putin’s popularity weather a perfect economic storm?
Neil Buckley in London
A fall in real incomes will hit hard working class families in regions supportive of the president
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/353c5d1a-7b06-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ChinaFotoPress / Getty Imageschinafotopress / getty images
Takata told to recall faulty US airbagsLast updated: November 27, 2014 12:56 am
Regulators order Takata to recall all faulty airbags in US
Andy Sharman, Motor Industry Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/01936d0e-758a-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia  oil smack emerging marketsRussia, energy stocks smack emerging markets funds
By: John Waggoner December 3, 2014 4:02 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
If your emerging markets fund is submerging, you can thank plunging markets in oil and in Russia.
FP PHOTO / RIA NOVOSTI / ALEXEY DRUZHININALEXEY DRUZHININ/AFP/Getty Images
The average emerging markets fund has gained just 0.2% this year. One source of their lousy performance: Russia. The Micex Index, Russia’s equivalent of the S&P 500, has plunged 54% in U.S. dollars since its 2011 high. Another: Oil. The price of a barrel of crude oil has plunged to $66.88, down from $110.53 in 2013.
Not surprisingly, the actively managed Voya Russia fund has tumbled 28.5% this year, while the SPDR Russia ETF, an index fund, has plunged 31.6%. The Direxion Daily Russia Bull 3X ETF, which uses futures and options to turbocharge its gains and losses, has fallen a heart-pounding 76.4%.
As bad as those losses are, they could always get worse. In the 1998 currency meltdown, the Micex lost 90% of its value in U.S. dollars. During the 2009 turmoil, the index fell 80% for U.S. investors.
But, says Fidelity fund manager, Adam Kutas, it might be time to start looking at short-term buying opportunities in Russia. “A lot has changed since 1998,” he says. Back then, China consumed about 1% of the world’s oil. Today it sucks in about 15%. “[Russian President Vladimir] Putin is looking for friends, and more markets to sell energy to,” he says.
These funds have the highest percentage of Russian stocks in their portfolios — and have lagged this year.
Fund, ticker

Prosecute account holders by March 31: SCcourt administration
Counsel expresses fears over period of limitation
The Supreme Court on Wednesday directed the Centre to complete prosecution of black money holders abroad under the Income Tax Act by March 31, 2015.
A Bench of Chief Justice H.L. Dattu and Justices Madan B. Lokur and A.K. Sikri gave this direction to the Centre after senior counsel Anil Divan, appearing for petitioner Ram Jethmalani, said the defaulters and evaders whose names had been disclosed to the SIT would be off the hook if the income tax proceedings were not completed by then.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said the Income Tax Act had been amended to extend the period of limitation for launching prosecution. He said if prosecution could not be completed by the deadline, the law would be suitably amended or appropriate orders passed. He said some people had accepted that they had accounts in foreign banks and paid tax. Proceedings against others were pending.
During the last hearing, the Centre submitted to the court in a sealed cover a list of 627 Indians holding black money in accounts abroad, along with a status report regarding the investigation.

Sahara group sells Rs 1 211 cr worth Gurgaon land to M3MSahara group sells Rs 1 211 cr worth Gurgaon land to M3M
Santos axes 500m debt issueSantos to cut capex and axe €500m debt issue amid oil price slide
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5324d974-7b6a-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Panel to check trade-based money launderingHi Guest
Panel to check trade-based money laundering
To curb the menace of illicit fund flows, the government has set up a high level panel that will look into trade-based money laundering activities which particularly involve manipulation of invoices. Director General (DG) Central Economic Intelligence Bureau (CEIB) will be convener of the committee, which was step up recently to suggest steps to check trade-based money laundering activities. "A committee has been formed to study modalities of this (trade based) money laundering and device ...

Chinese developers resort to gimmicksBuy one, get free chickens – Chinese developers resort to gimmicks
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4662e694-449d-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold prices recover on wedding season demandGold prices recover by Rs 20 on wedding season demand
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 15:33 IST
Photo: Reuters
Gold prices recovered by Rs 20 to Rs 26,900 per ten grams at the bullion market in the national capital on Thursday on the back of wedding season demand from jewellers and retailers even as the metal weakened overseas.
Silver rose by Rs 100 to reclaim the Rs 37,000-mark on increased offtake by industrial units.
Traders said scattered demand from jewellers and retailers in view of wedding season helped gold prices to recover but a weak trend in global markets limited the gains.
Globally, gold declined by 0.40 per cent to $1,204.69 an ounce in Singapore.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity went up by Rs 20 each to Rs 26,900 and Rs 26,700 per ten grams, respectively, while sovereign held steady at Rs 23,700 per piece of eight grams.
Silver ready also moved up by Rs 100 to close at Rs 37,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 580 to Rs 36,650 per kg on speculative buying.
Meanwhile, silver coins ruled steady at Rs 62,000 for buying and Rs 63,000 for selling of 100 pieces in restricted activity at existing higher levels.

Aviation Minister seeks easing of rules to boost sectorAviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju seeks easing of rules to boost sector
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 15:55 IST
Photo: Reuters
Voicing concern over financial health of domestic airlines, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju on Thursday sought easing of regulations to boost the growth of the aviation sector.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather, not only the public sector but the private sector is also crashing. Kingfisher is crashing and right now SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned", Raju said.
He was speaking at the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signing ceremony between national carrier Air India and National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) for a joint venture to develop and manage Air India land assets.
Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu was also present on the occasion. The minister's comment comes in the backdrop of industrialist Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier SpiceJet curtailing its operations by reducing both flights and fleet in view of fund crunch.
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
Besides, the airline auditors in their recent report have also cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run it as a going concern.
Noting that the growth in the aviation sector was restricted due to some odd reasons, Raju said certain regulations needs to be relooked to attract investments in the sector.
"For some odd reasons, we have restricted the growth of airlines in the country. We have developed regulations which pulls back Indians, which does not allow Indians to perform. So, I think there also we have to work", he said.
Advising Air India to work as a team, he said the cohesiveness of a team only delivers performance.
"Somehow we have lost sight on that and its high time we get back to it", he said, urging the national airline to keep its focus on core business of aviation.
Air India has collected a lot of art objects, somehow our focus should not be shifting to real estate or art. Its mainstay should be aviation.
On Air India forming a joint venture with NBCC to monetise its land assets, the minister said the strength of the two public sector companies will be complimentary in the interest of the country.
These synergies have to be harnessed in the interest of the country.
"This is a step in this direction", he said.

http://usat.ly/1Beb14ZWhat's your retirement IQ? For most, it's lousy
Americans receive failing grades in retirement, according to a new survey out today
Post to Facebook
What's your retirement IQ? For most, it's lousy Americans receive failing grades in retirement, according to a new survey out today Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1yg62dL
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
58
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
What's your retirement IQ? For most, it's lousy
Rodney Brooks , USA TODAY 3:47 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Retirement literacy and planning is critical today more than ever because Americans are on their own when it comes to retirement.
(Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
955 CONNECT 321 TWEET 410 LINKEDIN 58 COMMENTEMAILMORE
In survey after survey, Americans have not scored well on retirement literacy tests. But a new survey of Americans ages 60 to 75 says 80% failed a retirement income literacy test.
The results of the poll, released today by the American College of Financial Services in Bryn Mawr, Pa., are pretty dismal. The poll was conducted through online interviews of 1,019 people  60 to 75 years old with at least $100,000 in household assets.
They were asked 38 retirement literacy questions on basics, such as Social Security, life expectancy, IRAs, life insurance and investments, and how bonds work. Only 2 in 10 had passing grades, the college said.
"We're not surprised by the fact that people don't know a lot about retirement income planning," says David Littell, program director at the American College. "I was surprised at how badly they did."
It's not the first survey to raise concerns about Americans' retirement readiness. The  2011 report "Financial Literacy and Retirement Planning in the United States," done for the National Bureau for Economic Research, found similar shortcomings, though not to the same degree. That report said, "Americans fail to understand critical financial concepts, including interest compounding, inflation, and risk diversification, and these shortcomings are most acute for women, the less educated, and older individuals." That report also said many people have failed to plan for retirement, even when it's only five to 10 years off.
Retirement literacy and planning is critical today more than ever because Americans are on their own when it comes to retirement. Company pension plans have largely been replaced by company-sponsored 401(k) plans and Individual Retirement Accounts.
5 things to do now if you're near retirement
"I'm not surprised that most Americans have low levels of retirement income literacy. And in many ways, can we blame them?" asks personal finance guru and author Lynnette Khalfani-Cox. "Those older people who do have good savings habits or positive money-management skills typically learned the value of thrift from their parents. But they're the exception, rather than the rule.
"Most Americans — of all ages — didn't have the best financial role models in their parents," she says. "Nor do we get any formal training or teaching in the area of investments, Social Security, long-term care and related topics. With so many complexities and so many options, it's very difficult for the average 60-year-old to stay on top of the stock market, to fully understand the variety of annuities offered in the marketplace, and to also navigate issues like life insurance, taxes and medical insurance planning."
Video Keywords Love Boat the Love Boat average middle class unexploded bombs retirement asset Hulu America's
USA Today's John Waggoner explains how a Social Security raise will impact retirees in 2015.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  The government announced the annual cost of living increase in
00:08  Social Security benefits. A whopping one point 7% hike or about
00:12  22 bucks a month for the average beneficiary. Hulu but there
00:16  are three other thing can he do about Social Security. I'm
00:19  John Wagoner and this is America's markets. First Social Security isn't
00:23  all that generous. The average Social Security pay out as 1294.
00:28  Dollars a month he's not going to be spending a lot
00:30  of time on the Love Boat on that. Second a lot
00:32  of people live off Social Security alone. For about 23% of
00:36  all Mary beneficiaries. Social Security represents 90% or more of their
00:40  income. Now outsourced to 46%. For single beneficiaries. Third it's valuable.
00:47  If you wanna replace Social Security in the private market you'd
00:49  be more than 300000. Additional retirement savings according vanguard. That's without
00:54  benefits to survivors or disability benefits which Social Security also provides.
00:59  Sure you might say people should pay their retirement out of
01:02  their own pockets but they go the average middle class workers
01:05  say just 20000 dollars towards retirement. Even with a really good
01:09  and that's returns that OK too far and what's your retirement
01:12  obvious defusing unexploded bombs. Social Security is designed to supplement your
01:16  retirement income to keep saving. And it can be fixed reasonably
01:20  easily at this point but for many people it's their most
01:23  valuable retirement asset.
Among the highlights of the new report:
•Only 1 in 4 have a written financial plan, even though a written plan leads to better financial planning and financial decisions.
•A significant minority have never tried to figure out how much they need to accumulate to retire securely.
•Only 31% know that $4,000 is the most they can afford to withdraw per year from a  $100,000 retirement account to make it last for 30 years.
•More than half underestimate the life expectancy of a 65-year-old man, which suggests they may not realize how long their assets must last.
•Only 54% realize that Social Security benefits increase each year one delays up to age 70, and a similar percentage know that it is best to wait until age 70 to claim Social Security if you expect to live to 90.
"I see many people who lack critical knowledge about financial products and investing in general," says New York attorney Ann-Margaret Carrozza, who specializes in elder law and estate planning. "This collective financial ignorance threatens to undermine the security of countless retirees.
Should you pay off your mortgage when retiring?
"Without a solid financial education, the average investor is at the mercy of his or her financial adviser," she says. "This leaves them more susceptible to being placed into inappropriate investments (with high commissions to the adviser) as well as outright fraud.  I encourage my clients to attend continuing education classes at their local colleges or high schools to shore up their financial knowledge.  This can help increase confidence and  reduce some of the stress surrounding retirement planning."
Financial planner Michael Dalton, a retired professor of accounting and taxation at Loyola University in New Orleans who has written or co-written more than 100 books on financial planning, says he thought the questions in the survey went well beyond the survey's subject, and some were were overly general. Questions on insurance and reverse mortgages should not be included in a retirement-income survey he says. And, he says, the questions went well beyond what people might know. But still, it addresses the problem of retirement literacy.
"There were too many questions about insurance and investments and not enough questions about retirement income," he says.  Still, he was positive about the survey. "I would say this is a good start," Dalton says.
Khalfani-Cox was still taken aback. "I was surprised by the fact that about 1 in 3 older Americans haven't even tried to figure out how much money they would need in retirement," she says. "Even if someone doesn't have a financial adviser, there are scores of calculators and online tools to help you at least ballpark your retirement needs.
"Given this reality, I wonder if many of these pre-retirees and retirees have simply given up doing any real analysis and planning and opted instead to either cross their fingers or stick their heads in the sand and hope for the best," she says. "Obviously, neither strategy will get them to a secure retirement."
She said there is more than enough blame to go around: "I certainly don't completely blame the 50+ crowd for their lack of financial knowledge," she says. "The survey's findings also speak to the poor job that many financial advisers must be doing with their clients. How can you claim to help someone plan for retirement if the client literally does not have a written plan? That's inexcusable!"
Retirement plan changes you need to know about for next year
If you're starting to think about your New Year's resolutions, investing efficiently in your financial future is always a good one to consider. It's never a waste of your time to understand where your money is going and how you can save for your ret Newslook
1 of 20
Five ways to reduce holiday stress | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich outlines stress-reduction strategies for the holidays (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
2 of 20
Low-cost holiday gift ideas | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares ideas for creative inexpensive holiday gifts. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
3 of 20
See more video
Gay community less prepared for retirement
Same-sex couples in general are likely to have saved far less for retirement than their straight counterparts, according to exclusive analysis of the Federal Reserve's Survey of Consumer Finances by AP.  (Nov. 21) AP
4 of 20
See more video
Five ways to cut holiday spending | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich offers easy ways to curb your spending during the holidays. (Your Best Life in Retirement, MONEY)
5 of 20
How to eat cheap at restaurants | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich offers ideas for cutting costs when dining out. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
6 of 20
See more video
Easy ways to save money | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich shares advice from financial experts who say many Americans need to save much more aggressively for retirement.
7 of 20
How to cope with retiring from your job | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich explains how to cope with retiring from your job. (Money, Retirement, USA TODAY)
8 of 20
Simple steps to clearing the clutter in retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares tips for decluttering in retirement. (Retirement, USA TODAY)
9 of 20
Pets ease transition into retirement
Pets ease transition into retirement
10 of 20
Retirees on Social Security get a raise in 2015
USA Today's John Waggoner explains how a Social Security raise will impact retirees in 2015.
11 of 20
See more video
Got 20 minutes? A quick financial checkup | Money Quick Tips
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains why a 20 minute financial planning session benefits you. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)
12 of 20
See more video
More millennial women worried about retirement says Fidelity study
Millennials may be struggling with student loans and a rough job market, but nearly half have already started saving for retirement, said Kristen Robinson, Senior Vice President at Fidelity. Newslook
13 of 20
See more video
New AARP CEO Jo Ann Jenkins
The new CEO Of AARP CEO Jo Ann Jenkins who takes over on September 1, 2014 replacing outgoing CEO A. Barry Rand.
14 of 20
See more video
Survey finds 6-figure earners more worried
Nearly half of Americans surveyed by the Wells Fargo/Gallup Investor and Retirement Optimism Index said they are worried about outliving their savings. Newslook
15 of 20
Americas Markets: 3 things you need to know about Social Security
Amreicas Markets with John Waggoner on the Social Security cost of living raise. USA TODAY
16 of 20
See more video
Merrill Edge: Americans feel guilty about not saving
Americans are feeling guilty about not investing enough over the past year, said Aron Levine, head of Preferred Banking and Merrill Edge at Bank of America. Newslook
17 of 20
See more video
Analyst: How to choose an annuity
Consumers should own an annuity for what it will do, not what it might do, says Stan Haithcock, annuity expert and author of "The Annuity Stanifesto". Newslook
18 of 20
See more video
Boomers need income stream in retirement
People need to plan to provide income for themselves in retirement with the same care and diligence in which they save for retirement, says Scott Holsopple, Managing Director of Retirement Solutions at The Mutual Fund Store. Newslook
19 of 20
See more video
Edward Jones: Retirees should stay course
Retirees and investors close to retirement should not make dramatic changes in their accounts due to the recent market volatility, said Scott Thoma, Retirement Strategist for Edward Jones. Newslook
20 of 20

West can t be spared for past  sins : India on climate changeIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
Asserting that it has been a strong champion of equity, India said developed countries should compensate developing nations for the effects their greenhouse gas emissions have had on climate.
Susheel Kumar, interim head of the Indian delegation, said India’s goal on adaptation during the UN climate change summit talks here is for it “to be there in the entire text.”
“We would also like a long-term global goal for adaptation to be clearly articulated in qualitative and quantitative terms.” Kumar said, adding that “for a developing country, adaptation becomes a more immediate need (than mitigation).”
Ministerial-level talks will begin next week which will be attended by Environment Minister Prakash Javedkar on December 7.
“India has always been a strong champion for equity,” Kumar said.
India would like developed countries to compensate developing nations for the effects their emissions have had on climate.
India believes that developed countries should be held responsible for their high levels of emissions which have caused harm to developing countries, like itself. That responsibility should come in the form of compensation and a fair 2015 Paris agreement.
He explained that it is “not equitable to talk about what a country is emitting now” because that country could be currently reducing their emissions.
However, Kumar said that fact “does not absolve them of all (past) sins.”
He also referred to the Germanwatch’s Global Climate Risk Index 2015, a study measuring which countries suffer from the most extreme weather-related events based on data from 1994-2013, as a way to quantify adaptation.
India ranks third behind the Philippines and Cambodia in vulnerability but the index does not take into account India’s much larger population compared to the other two countries.
Along with state climate action plans submitted by 29 states to the Parliament, Kumar also mentioned the efforts of the government through the National Adaptation Fund, the goal of which is to provide capacity building, technology and financial support to domestic adaptation projects.
“It is already the time for negative emissions from developed countries,” Kumar said during a meeting with the press and civil society conference attendees.
India’s position is that no country’s right to development should be circumscribed and that the developing world must carry a unified voice over the course of the Lima talks if there is any hope for an equitable agreement, he asserted.
Currently, adaptation talks are progressing but text-based negotiations have not begun as yet as countries are still trying to determine what they will put forth in their final papers.
India’s Intended Nationally Determined Contribution (INDC) will likely not be ready until June 2015. The government plans to put forth a national plan lasting not less than 10 years, but preferably 15 years.
India is opposed to any international review of its INDC before the end of specified timeline of 10 or 15 years.
That “would take away the ‘nationally determined’ part of the INDC concept,” Kumar said.
Meanwhile, the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO) has declared 2014 as the hottest year on record.
The urgency in the conference halls in Lima was heightened by the WMO announcement as the overarching goal of the talks is to keep global warming to 2 degrees Celsius.
Land and sea global average temperatures as well as sea levels for the first ten months of this year are the highest ever recorded.
The WMO claims are based on data gathered from the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the UK’s Met Office.
WMO Secretary-General Michel Jarraud said in a statement that “record-high greenhouse gas emissions and associated atmospheric concentrations” are to blame for heat, rainfall, drought and devastating floods across the world, including in India in August and September.
Jarraud explained that the majority of that heat is concentrated over the oceans, especially in North America.
The data follows the trend of steadily increasing temperatures alongside increased burning of fossil fuels, with WMO saying 14 of the 15 hottest years record are all in the 21st century.
Even as the US, China, and EU have announced emissions reductions targets, the world’s third largest emitter India is yet to make a similar statement.
TAGS: Germanwatch's Global Climate Risk Index Prakash Javedkar World Meteorological Organisation
More from economy

Top 26 stock bets from Macquarie  Goldman & Citi | Sensex @ closeGoldman, Citi, Macquarie raise Sensex, Nifty target; top 26 stocks they are hot on
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 04.15PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Riding on 'Modinomics'…)
NEW DELHI: Analysts at top global brokerage such as Goldman Sachs, Citigroup & Macquarie in the past one week have raised their target levels for both the Sensex & the Nifty for the next 12 months.
Riding on 'Modinomics', the expectations of a strong economic recovery in FY16 & 17, along with corporate earnings growth, have fuelled the optimism of a strong rally in the markets.
Even though several brokerages have downgraded corporate earnings for FY15 and FY16, leading market intermediaries like Citigroup, Macquari and Goldman Sachs have said they expect the benchmark index, BSE Sensex , to touch the levels of 32000-33000 and for Nifty it could be between 9000 and 10000 for the same period.
Global investment bank Citigroup in its latest report raised the December-2015 Sensex target to 33000, from 31,000 earlier, translating into an upside of 15 per cent from Friday's closing level of 28,693.99.
"We expect 2015 to be a good year: we raise December 2015 market targets, Sensex-33,000, and Nifty target to 9,850, at 16x Dec16. Year 2015 should be front-loaded with falling rate gains, back-loaded with an actual economic/investment recovery; and accompanied by steady regulatory/execution reform," the global investment bank said in a report.
Goldman Sachs also joined the bandwagon of other investment banks such as Citigroup and Macquarie which have reiterated their positive outlook for the Indian markets. The investment bank sees over 15 per cent upside in the year 2015, which translates into a level around 33000.
"Do we see this year's (2014) success story to continue in 2015? We think the answer is yes, but we do not think it is going to go up 30 per cent like it did this year, but it could go up 15 per cent for sure," says Timothy Moe, Chief Asia Pacific Strategist, Goldman Sachs.
"There is a perfectly reasonable expectation driven by the fact we think earnings growth for both 2015 and 2016 will be strong. And, for India we think there will be cyclical recovery from a depressed level," he adds.
The global investment bank is overweight on Taiwan, China, India and Indonesia.
After a strong rally seen so far in the year, analysts are convinced that the bull run is here to stay and the Indian markets will make record highs in the year 2015 as well.
The 50-share Nifty index has rallied over 35 per cent so far in the year 2014, but the rally is still not over, says Macquarie who sees another 16 per cent upside from current levels in the next 12 months to 9940 by December-2015.
India's impressive return of over 35 per cent in 2014 YTD has been driven by 15 per cent PER rerating and 19 per cent forward EPS growth. The current multiple of 15x PER and 3x P/B are a tad above long-term average and consistent with implied 6.5-7% GDP growth, says global brokerage firm Macquarie in a note.
We have collated a list of stocks where top global brokerage firms are betting on:
FEATURED ARTICLES

NASA to launch Orion test flight Thursday morningNASA’s next-generation unmanned capsule gets its first test flight.
Caption
NASA’s next-generation unmanned capsule gets its first test flight.
 Dec. 8, 2014 NASA’s Orion spacecraft is off-loaded from the back of the USS Anchorage at Naval Base San Diego in California. Mike Blake/Reuters
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
The months-long hype and anticipation leading up to Orion's test flight reached a crescendo this week as NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden cast the launch in history-making terms, saying that "Neil Armstrong and the Apollo astronauts paved the way for this day."
Speaking on NASA TV Thursday morning, he said that "Mars is the ultimately goal for this generation."
The Orion does not have any people on board. That's not expected to happen for another seven or eight years. But the test flight will go a long way to eventually getting humans further than they've every gone before, NASA officials say. One of the key tests will be Orion's heat shield, which will face temperatures of 4,000 degrees when the capsule barrels into the atmosphere at 20,000 mph. Officials from NASA and Lockheed Martin, the massive Bethesda-based contractor that built Orion, will also be watching to see how it performs the various "separating events," and how it handles the extreme radiation of deep space.
Another key test will be the series of parachutes that deploy to slow Orion down before it splashes down in the Pacific Ocean, which is expected to occur four hours and 25 minutes after takeoff.
Mark Geyer, NASA's Orion Program Manager, said that flying the Orion without a crew would allow NASA to test the most risky systems: "We intend to stress the systems and make sure they behave as we designed them to.”
The last time a spacecraft designed for human travel left Low Earth Orbit was the 1972 Apollo 17 mission, also the last time astronauts walked on the moon. Since then, human flights have been restricted to Low Earth Orbit, home to the International Space Station. But Thursday's flight will go 15 times as far.
Sometime in the 2020s, NASA plans to capture an  asteroid with a robotic spacecraft , then drag it to the moon’s orbit where it would connect with the Orion. Astronauts would then be able to take samples from the asteroid.
The big target, however, remains Mars. And Thursday’s test flight will help “put Mars within the reach of astronauts in the 2030s,” NASA says.
While the Orion was initially part of a program, called Constellation, designed to return to moon, its mission changed after the Obama administration killed Constellation and made Mars the goal. Thursday's mission would have used a Delta IV Heavy rocket, made by United launch Alliance, a joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin. But future Orion missions would use the new Space Launch System rocket, which is still being developed.
Bolden has called testing Orion "a continuation of what Apollo started."
"We've taken a 40-year hiatus," he said. "And now we're back on track."
Christian Davenport covers federal contracting for The Post's Financial desk. He joined The Post in 2000 and has served as an editor on the Metro desk and as a reporter covering military affairs. He is the author of "As You Were: To War and Back with the Black Hawk Battalion of the Virginia National Guard."

295 infra projects delayed; cost overrun at over Rs 1 lakh crHi Guest
295 infra projects delayed; cost overrun at over Rs 1 lakh cr
As many as 295 infrastructure sector projects worth Rs 150 crore or more are delayed with total cost overrun of Rs 1,01,436 crore (Rs 1.01 trillion), Parliament was informed on Thursday. "As per the 346 Flash Report of August 2014 released by the Ministry of Statistics, out of 720 central sector infrastructure sector projects costing Rs 150 crore (Rs 1.5 billion) and above, 295 projects were delayed," Planning Minister Rao Inderjit Singh said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha. "The original ...

Sensex snaps 3-day losing streak  jumps 120 pointsHi Guest
Sensex snaps 3-day losing streak, jumps 120 points
The benchmark Sensex snapped a three-day losing streak and the Nifty ended firm after hitting a fresh record high led by index heavyweight ITC on reports that the government has deferred its earlier proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes. The 30-share Sensex ended up 120 points at 28,563 and the 50-share Nifty closed 27 points higher at 8,564 after hitting a record high of 8,626.95. In the broader market, BSE midcap and Smallcap indices ended up 0.3% each. Further, foreign institutional ...

India to replace China as the fastest growing economy: AmbaniHi Guest
India to replace China as the fastest growing economy: Ambani
India will surpass China as the world's fastest growing economy in the next 2-3 years, and the fall in global oil prices at this juncture is a "gift" for the country's growth prospects, top industrialist Mukesh Ambani has said. "We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in the next 2-3 years. We will exceed China's growth rate in next 2-3 years. We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in 2016-2017 and 2017-2018," the Reliance Industries Chairman said at an event organised ...

Rouble falls furthest since 1998 crisisRouble suffers worst fall since 1998 crisis
Kathrin Hille and Courtney Weaver in Moscow, and Delphine Strauss and Elaine Moore in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bb50fcc-7937-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MCFL appoints Vijay Mallya s step-mother as DirectorMCFL appoints Vijay Mallya's step-mother as Director
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 18:15 IST
On December 1, Vijay Mallya had resigned as director of MCFL. (Photo: Reuters)
Days after Vijay Mallya's resignation, Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) on Thursday announced the appointment of his step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect.
In a surprise move on December 1, liquor baron Mallya had resigned as director of fertiliser company MCFL .
58-year-old Mallya's resignation at MCFL comes in the middle of an intense takeover battle between Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari Group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers for wresting control of the UB group firm, which has a urea plant at Mangalore.
In a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), United Breweries (UB) Group company MCFL said, "The company's Board of Directors has appointed Mrs Ritu Mallya as a Director of the Company with immediate effect."
Mallya had resigned within days of minority shareholders of United Spirits rejecting as many as 9 of 12 resolutions, including some pertaining to pacts with entities connected to erstwhile promoter Vijay Mallya.
The UB Group has been seeing continuous troubles on various fronts for the last couple of years, beginning with a major cash crunch and high debt at once-luxury airline Kingfisher , forcing it be grounded in October 2012.
The group, which is also engaged in a legal tussle with lenders, later sold a controlling stake in its prized unit United Spirits (USL) to Diageo while some other assets were also divested in other businesses and two rival bidders came up from MCFL.
In the battle for control of MCFL, Mallya had sided with Zuari group and launched the counter open offer to ward off the takeover bid of Deepak Fertilizers.
After the open offers of both Deepak Fertilizers and rival Zuari-UB group closed on October 20, Deepak Fertilisers' stake in MCFL increased by about 6 per cent through an open offer to about 32 per cent and inched closer towards the rival Zuari-UB group's combined stake of 38.4 per cent.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one-go in July 2013. After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month. The board of MCFL is being restructured to include two representatives of Poddar's Adventz Group.

Sadbhav Engg surges 7%; subsidiary files for IPOSadbhav Engineering surges over 7% as arm files for IPO
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 05.53PM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(At 10:15 a.m.; the stock…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Sadbhav Engineering surged in trade after its subsidiary Sadbhav Infrastructure Project filed papers for initial public offering.
The stock gained 7.5 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 284.75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
The stock, however, pared initial gains to close the day at Rs 267.35; up 0.94 per cent.
"Sadbhav Infrastructure Project Limited, a subsidiary of Sadbhav Engineering Limited , has filed its draft red herring prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI ) on December 03, 2014 in order to undertake an initial public offering of its equity shares," the company said in a filing to the stock exchanges.
The Issue consists of a fresh issue of equity shares of Rs 10 each aggregating up to Rs 600 crore and an offer for sale of up to 16,178,811 equity shares by Xander Investment Holding XVII and up to 16,178,811 equity shares by Norwest Venture Partners VII-A-Mauritius.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Term deposits in HDFC  ICICI bank to now fetch you lower returnsHi Guest
Term deposits in HDFC, ICICI bank to now fetch you lower returns
Smaller lender Yes Bank may also join the fray. Two of the biggest private sector lenders ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank have effected a cut of up to 0.50 per cent in term deposit rates following tepid credit growth and ease in money market rates. The moves come amid rising expectations of a lower rate regime. Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan had also expressed disappointment at banks for not cutting lending rates despite a steep fall in money market rates for many months. ICICI Bank, the largest ...

http://usat.ly/1vlGqu210 stocks everyone will brag they own
By: Matt Krantz December 3, 2014 2:52 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
If there’s one thing you can expect at holiday parties, it’s all the bragging about the stocks people owned. Funny, they’re all the stocks that went up.
There are 10 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including biotech Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) , Southwest Airlines (LUV) and Electronic Arts (EA) that you can be certain to hear people talk about owning. We know this because these are the stocks that were up 50% or more this year through last week — and are up again over the past week, according to data from S&P Capital IQ and analyzed by USA TODAY.
And it’s not your your coworkers who will talk about their genius at picking these wonderful stocks. It’s a game mutual fund managers are playing right now. In the quarterly “window dressing” ritual, mutual fund managers will buy shares of stocks that did great during the period. That way these managers can brag about owning them by listing them in their periodic reports.
And the data shows you exactly which stocks these are. Take the best example, Vertex Pharmaceuticals. The company, working on treatments for a variety of genetic issues, has skyrocketed 55% this year through a week ago (Nov. 26). Investors who didn’t own the stock for the run want to make sure they have it in time for the holiday parties. That demand has pushed the stock up another 4.1% in the past week.
Don’t you own airlines? Don’t you know they’ve been great this year? Look at Southwest Airlines. Shares are up 109% this year though last week. If you didn’t own the shares, apparently it’s time to buy if you want bragging rights. Shares are up 3.7% over the past week. And it is a similar story as with Delta (DAL) .
We’d hate to suggest that investors would be so cheap as to pile onto hot stocks just to be able to brag. But hey, we need something to talk about when we’re sipping our egg nog.
WINNING S&P 500 STOCKS THAT ARE STAGING POWERFUL RUNS THE PAST WEEK
Company

Stock futures tick up ahead of ECB  data; Dow eyes 18 000Wall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

After Kingfisher  SpiceJet seeming to give us heart attacksHi Guest
'After Kingfisher, SpiceJet seeming to give us heart attacks'
The airline sector is running through a "lot of turbulent weather" with troubled Spicejet seeming to give "us heart attacks", Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju said on Thursday. The minister also said that certain regulations restricting the growth in the aviation sector needs to be re-looked to attract investments. "We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet ...

Global meet of cardiologists kicks off in HyderabadGlobal meet of cardiologists kicks off in Hyderabad
G Naga Sridhar
Zumba fitness dancers perform at the 66th annual conference of the Cardiology Society of India in Hyderabad on Thursday. – Photo: P V Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Dec 4:  
About 5,000 cardiologists from across the world are participating in the 66th Annual Conference of Cardiology Society of India (CSI-2014) which began here on Thursday.
The three-day meet has the main theme of ``Controversies to Consensus in Cardiology and Creating Brilliant Cardiologists of the Future" and is focussing on education, training, interaction and consensus for practicing cardiology.
According to Ramesh Babu Byrapaneni, Organizing Secretary of CSI-2014, the meeting would include sessions of tremendous clinical implications with high academic standards of cardiology for students, internists, physicians, clinical cardiologists, interventional cardiologists, cardiac surgeons, paediatric cardiologists, paediatric cardiac surgeons and cardiac anaesthetists.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Airline sector running through  turbulent weather : RajuDec 04, 2014, 06.10 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Airline sector running through 'turbulent weather': Raju
The minister's comment comes against the backdrop of industrialist Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier SpiceJet curtailing its operations by reducing both flights and fleet, citing fund crunch.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Airline sector running through 'turbulent weather': Raju
The minister's comment comes against the backdrop of industrialist Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier SpiceJet curtailing its operations by reducing both flights and fleet, citing fund crunch.
Post your opinion here
 
The airline sector is running through a "lot of turbulent weather" with troubled Spicejet seeming to give "us heart attacks", Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju said today. The minister also said that certain regulations restricting the growth in the aviation sector needs to be re-looked to attract investments.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With)  Kingfisher crashing and, right now,  SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju said.
He was speaking at the MoU signing ceremony between national carrier Air India and National Building Construction Corporation ( NBCC ) for a joint venture to develop and manage Air India land assets. Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu was also present on the occasion.
The minister's comment comes against the backdrop of industrialist Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier SpiceJet curtailing its operations by reducing both flights and fleet, citing fund crunch. The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs 310 crore which is down from Rs 559 crore net loss during the corresponding period last year.
Noting that the growth in the aviation sector was restricted due to some "odd reasons", Raju said certain regulations needs to be re-looked to attract investments in the sector. "For some odd reasons, we have restricted the growth of airlines in the country. We have developed regulations which pulls back Indians, which does not allow Indians to perform. So, I think there also we have to work," he said.
Advising Air India to work as a team, he said the cohesiveness of a team only delivers performance. "Somehow we have lost sight on that and its high time we get back to it," he said, urging the national airline to keep its focus on core business of aviation.
On Air India forming a joint venture with NBCC to monetise its land assets, the minister said the strength of the two public sector companies will be complimentary in the interest of the country.
"These synergies have to be harnessed in the interest of the country. This is a step in this direction," he said. Terming the JV as a "wise decision," Naidu expressed hope that the collaboration will go a long way and help Air India in improving its financial situation.
Earlier, Air India chairman and managing director Rohit Nandan and NBCC CMD Anoop Kumar Mittal signed the MoU in the presence of the two Union ministers. The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA), while approving Air India's Financial Restructuring Plan and Turn Around Plan, has envisaged monetisation of assets in Air India to the tune of Rs 5000 crore over the next 10 years.
Kingfisher Air stock price
On November 28, 2014, Kingfisher Airlines closed at Rs 1.34, up Rs 0.00, or 0.00 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 5.22 and the 52-week low was Rs 1.26.
The latest book value of the company is Rs -166.59 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was -0.01.
RELATED NEWS

Indian IT services market grows at slow paceHi Guest
Indian IT services market grows at slow pace
IT services market in the country grew at a slower pace of 7.4 per cent to Rs 22,826.2 crore ($ 3.76 billion) in the January-June 2014 period, mainly due to political and economic uncertainty amid Lok Sabha polls, research firm IDC said. According to IDC, overall political developments in the country during the first half of this year had an impact on project-based services with few infrastructure deals being signed as the industry was waiting for the formation of a stable government at the ...

Infor and Ferrari join hands for supply chainplanningBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 7:04 pm
Infor, a renowned provider of business application softwares, has joined hands with the prominent sportscar manufacturer Ferrari. According to this new agreement, Ferrari will be investing in Infor Sales and Operations Planning (S&OP). The S&OP will be abolishing the age-old legacy systems and spreadsheet-based processes of erstwhile ERP LN contract, to make way for a faster and more precise supply chain planning process.
The contract will help Ferrari to make use of automated workflows of Infor’s S&OP, in order to maintain a constant flow of information between demand from the market/dealer and supply from the automaker’s manufacturing plant. This in turn, will improve the accuracy, planning and flow of data within the company. In addition to it, Ferrari can also track and alter the changes, taking in the factors of demand from dealer and supply from its production plant into consideration. This effectively will reduce the time taken by company to meet the customer demand by a substantial degree.
Commenting on this new move, Pieter Leijten, Vice President, Supply Chain, Infor, said, “Our relationship with Ferrari continues to develop as they extend their leadership position in the road car market. For such a prestigious brand, every part of every process must drive excellence. Given the international demand for Ferrari cars, it is imperative that the most accurate picture of demand, from over 300 global dealers all offering individual, personalized supercars, is delivered to the production site in Maranello. This demands world class processes and technology. Infor S&OP will provide Ferrari with the foundation to obtain supply chain excellence.”

Gopinath Mundes death: CBI files charge sheet against taxidriverBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 7:04 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 7:06 pm
Six months after the death of Union Minister Gopinath Munde in a road accident, CBI on Thursday filed a charge sheet against taxi driver Gurvinder Singh for rash and negligent driving while ruling out any foul play.
The CBI chargesheeted Singh under Sections 279 and 304-A of Indian Penal Code for the charges and if found guilty, he will have to undergo a prison sentence of a maximum of two years.
Singh’s car had collided with the official vehicle of the minister at the Prithviraj Road-Tughlak Road roundabout in the heart of the high security Lutyen’s zone when Munde was on his way to the Indira Gandhi Airport on June 3.
Singh had alleged that the Minister’s driver had jumped the traffic signal leading to the accident .
Delhi Police had registered a case against a 32-year-old Singh. The case was later handed over to the CBI which registered a case under sections 279 (rash driving) and 304A (causing death by negligence) of IPC against unknown persons relating to accidental death, CBI spokesperson said.
CBI has already ruled out any foul play in the death of Munde and also claimed to have established “convincingly” that the politician had died due to injuries in a road accident.
64-old Munde, a popular backward class leader from Maharashtra, died due to shock and haemorrhage following injuries to his neck and liver in the road accident, CBI had said in its report.
Several political leaders from Maharashtra had demanded a CBI probe into the accident of Munde, who had then just taken charge as the Rural Development Minister in the Narendra Modi government.
“Investigation was conducted to find out if any foul play or criminal conspiracy was involved in the death of Munde. During the probe a through scrutiny of all possible leads and angles was conducted. The antecedents and movements of suspected persons and all persons associated with the Minister were verified. However, the probe has clearly ruled out any foul play in the death of Munde and it has been concluded that he died as a result of injuries sustained in the accident,” the CBI report had said

My first love would be to play as an opener  says RobinUthappaBy: Press Trust of India | Bengaluru |
Posted: December 4, 2014 6:56 pm
Hoping to make the final cut after being named in the 30-man probables list for the 2015 World Cup, Karnataka batsman Robin Uthappa on Thursday said that he would love to open the innings for India but would not mind being included as a wicketkeeper-batsman.
“My first love would be to play as an opener, but will not mind playing as a finisher donning the wicketkeeper’s gloves. If picked up as a wicketkeeper-batsman, I can open up two-three slots, for others to get selected. However, everything depends on selectors,” Uthappa told PTI.
Uthappa said he is hopeful of making it into the 15-probable list as he has been getting heaps of runs in the domestic circle.
“Absolutely I have hopes to get in. I have done well in last two seasons. I am the highest run-getter in the Ranji Trophy as well as the IPL. Extremely confident of my ability as far as ODI is concerned. So, definitely looking forward to an opportunity,” he said.
Uthappa is keen to hone his skills in Ranji matches as defending Champions Karnataka kickstart their campaign against Tamil Nadu starting December 7 at Chinnaswamy stadium.”I would utilise the opportunity of playing in Ranji
“I would utilise the opportunity of playing in Ranji matches to hone my skills further and increase my confidence level,” he said.
Asked about Pravin Amre’s influence on him as a changed batsman, Uthappa said he understands the technique better after he made some technical adjustments under the tutelage of the Mumbaikar coach.
“I understand the technique better after Amre sir helped me change my technique a bit. Now, I play a lot more straighter, and have made some adjustments in body movements while batting,” he said.
“I wouldn’t like to speak much about Amre sir. No matter how much I speak, words will not match his abilities. I have said a lot about him in the past,” Uthappa added.
Earlier, interacting with the media at the unveiling of the ICC World Cup trophy, Uthappa said the tag of defending champions will bring responsibility on the Indian team.
“There will be pressure, and pressure is there always in any match, but the tag of defending champions will bring added responsibility on to our team, which is good. We do good when the chips are down,” he said after the beautiful trophy reached here as part of the six-city tour courtesy MoneyGram, a leading money transfer and payment services company.
Asked which other teams have the chance to lift the World Cup, Uthappa said that India are well equipped to defend the title, but Australia and South Africa are also among the favourites.
“Australia have a chance because they will be playing in their home conditions and South Africa are also a good team.
However, the clear picture about the favorites will emerge continued…

Keith Vaz asks EU to lift ban on Indian mangoesKeith Vaz asks EU to lift ban on Indian mangoes
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 07.14PM IST
Tags:
European Union
(Vaz today asked the European…)
LONDON: Indian-origin British lawmaker Keith Vaz today asked the European Union to reconsider its ban on import of Indian mangoes as the Food and Veterinary Office of the 28-member bloc is expected to give a favourable report.
The longest serving Member of British Parliament of Asian-origin, Vaz tabled an Early Day Motion in the House of Commons , calling upon the UK government to support revoking the ban.
"The investigation by the European Union Food and Veterinary Office has created an important opportunity to end this damaging and unnecessary ban, which I and others have repeatedly campaigned against," he said introducing the motion.
"Businesses across the United Kingdom and India have been harmed by the decision to ban imports earlier this year, with costs from lost trade in the hundreds of thousands, if not millions," he added.
Vaz had campaigned against the decision since it was enforced earlier this year and had travelled to the EU's headquarters in Brussels to meet the concerned commissioners.
Lauding the steps taken by India to address EU's concerns in this regard, he said: "I am pleased to see recognition of the improvements made by India to guarantee these exports are safe, and strongly urge the European Union to once again allow this delicious fruit to be imported by member states."
He further urged the British government to demonstrate their commitment to its ties with India and make representations to the EU on this matter.
Britain is the largest importer of Indian mangoes among the EU nations. PTI HSR VG NSA AKJ NSA 12041827 NNNN
Sent at 7:10 PM on Thursday
FEATURED ARTICLES

State probing Centre s decision on gas pric...Abhishek Manu Singhvi
(The Reliance Industries…)
NEW DELHI: The Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) today told the Delhi High Court that the city government's decision to probe the Centre's policy on gas pricing was a "peculiar" and "absurd" situation.
The submission was made before Justice V K Shali by senior advocate Abhishek Manu Singhvi who appeared for RIL which has challenged the then Arvind Kejriwal-led Delhi government's decision to lodge an FIR relating to alleged irregularities in raising the price of gas from the company's KG6 basin.
UPA ministers M Veerappa Moily and Murli Deora , RIL Chairman Mukesh Ambani and others were named in the FIR.
Delhi government had also alleged that the UPA government "favoured" RIL with an eye on the 2014 general elections and BJP maintained "silence" hoping to gain corporate funding for the polls. The charges have been denied by RIL and others.
Advocate Prashant Bhushan , appearing for the persons on whose complaint the FIR was lodged, had said the July 23, 2014, the notification on the powers of the powers of the Anti-Corruption Branch (ACB) amounted to diluting its powers.
The July 23 notification has limited the ACB's powers to probe graft cases to the extent that it can investigate only city government officials and not those of the Centre.
The notification was violative of the Criminal Procedure Code, Bhushan said and added the Centre did not have the power to issue the same with respect to ACB.
Delhi government, on its part, opposed RIL's submission saying it was only investigating a criminal complaint and central government officials may come in the sweep of its probe.
The Centre, meanwhile, said it is still awaiting instructions on whether the notification will have prospective effect.
After hearing the brief arguments, the court listed the matter for further hearing on January 21, 2015.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Renewable energy drive gets new pushLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Renewable energy drive gets new push
A draft note has been prepared which suggests that the government may designate renewable energy as separate sector for according priority status.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi – a clean energy enthusiast - has given a little over two months time to the ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE) to prepare a draft Renewable Energy Act. An expert committee has already begun work on the Draft Renewable Energy Act for accelerating growth in the sector that requires an investment of USD 40 billion currently.
MNRE has set the ball rolling with the hope that the Prime Minister will be able to announce the Draft Renewable Energy Act at the forthcoming Global Renewable Energy Investor Summit to be held in February 2015. An expert committee has been set up by the MNRE who is currently in the process of finalizing the draft proposal.
The draft proposes that the government may designate renewable energy as a separate sector for according priority status. To address the issue of capital constraints, the draft also proposes promoting takeout financing and refinancing of operational renewable energy projects and providing financial incentives to enable channelising capital into the sector. The draft also suggests equity contribution from NBFCs, state governments and PSUs in order to leverage debt from the capital markets. Another crucial suggestion on land allotment for renewable projects is that the central government may guide the states towards simplification of land allotment processes and provision of a single window clearance for all electricity generation project clearances.
While this is just the first draft, the expert committee has sought comments on the same and is expected to discuss the proposal on or after December 15. The NDA government’s massive solar power push will be a boon for the renewable energy sector that has been struggling with grid connectivity issues, budgetary constraints and most importantly non-compliance of Renewable Purchase Obligations (RPO) under the present Electricity Act, 2003.
A concrete policy will not only help in streamlining renewable energy, but also help attract the much required capital investment. With a legal framework in place for development of renewable energy, the government’s ambitious target of achieving 1 lakh MW in the next 5 years will no longer be an uphill task.
RELATED NEWS

Chhattisgarh: CRPF martyrs insultedIPL: Sundar Raman pulled up by SC, questions BCCI's rule 6.2.4
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Wind  Valves Stall Launch of New Orion SpacecraftIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Live  Mario Draghis press conferenceRemember me on this computer
Sign in

M3M eyes Rs 12Kcr revenue from proj on Sahar...M3M eyes Rs 12,000 crore sales revenue from project on Sahara land
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 07.24PM IST
Tags:
DLF
(The Gurgaon-based co…)
NEW DELHI: Having bought 185 acres of land in Gurgaon from Sahara group, realty firm M3M India today said it will develop a world-class mixed-use project, comprising housing, commercial and hotels, with an expected sales revenue of Rs 12,000 crore over the next 6-8 years.
Gurgaon-based company is also exploring the possibility of roping in international developers, financial institutions and private equity firms to develop this ambitious project, which could entail an investment of over Rs 4,000 crore.
M3M India Pvt Ltd , which currently has 2,000 acres of land in an around Gurgaon, is developing 14 projects, including its flagship 75-acre project 'M3M Golf Estate', covering about 11 million sq ft of built up area.
Announcing the big-ticket land deal, M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal said: "We have acquired 185 acres of land in Delhi-NCR from Sahara group for Rs 1,211 crore... This is one of the biggest land deals in recent history in Delhi-NCR."
This is the company's second major land deal. In 2012, M3M had bought 28 acre of prime land in Gurgaon from the country's largest developer DLF for Rs 440 crore.
"We will come up with a high-end mixed-use development project on this land comprising branded homes, service apartments, offices, retail, hotels and entertainment centres. We are expecting sales revenue of Rs 12,000 crore from this project," Bansal said.
The company would also have medical, educational and sports facilities in the project.
M3M India would be shortly applying for approvals to develop this project which is expected to be launched in the last quarter of 2015 and get completed in the next 6-8 years.
Asked about total investment on project, Bansal said: "It is too premature to estimate but it will be about one-third of the estimated sales revenue."
On funding of this project, he said the company would fund the project cost largely from internal accruals.
He also said that M3M is looking at partnering with international developers, financial institutions and private equity firms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1FPTcqXVideo: Best- and worst-run states
Last-place Illinois lost more than 137,000 residents between the middle of 2010 and July 2013.
Post to Facebook
Video: Best- and worst-run states Last-place Illinois lost more than 137,000 residents between the middle of 2010 and July 2013. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CIBOId
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
103
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Video: Best- and worst-run states
Alexander E.M. Hess, Thomas C. Frohlich, Alexander Kent and Ashley C. Allen, 24/7 Wall St. 9:44 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Video Keywords Alan Moore pension liabilities Mississippi Dakota North Dakota Wyoming Rhode Island Nebraska Illinois Indianapolis Kentucky Iowa Iran Chicago Mexico
Doug McIntyre lays out the results of 24/7 Wall Street's 2014 study pf the best run states in America.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  That strong states are actually clustered together they have low
00:06  populations. And to be dominated wondered do. Very successful industries North
00:13  Dakota Wyoming Nebraska. Iowa. And that's a lot of oil on
00:20  agriculture and knees and Ares goes. These states have also been
00:25  able to take a large amount and on the white and
00:28  put it in the areas like and so the most part
00:32  these states also have very well loved and and that means
00:36  government obligations while law worst drop the State's starting with the
00:40  worse. Mexico. Mississippi Rhode Island and could top. The southern states.
00:49  Have pockets of very won't be. The eastern part of Kentucky
00:53  has been fascinated. The drop in the cold. Northern half of
00:58  Mississippi has always been very very war. RI is a little
01:03  different it was heavily industrialized. And he can look and the
01:07  knuckles on. Industry has left the air almost completely gone overseas.
01:12  And a lot of the big banks weren't in the larger
01:15  banks woman you know job in Illinois is an example of
01:19  a badly Iran. The state in general was relatively healthy Chicago
01:24  economy has felt the Indianapolis. They. Don't look at Alan Moore
01:30  yeah. Really got bad state managed only 39%. Of the State's
01:36  pension liabilities on the and the state reserves are half a
01:41  percent of the general Juan. So if you take the outside
01:45  measurements. Illinois. People really don't. Want rating agencies. Wouldn't it be
01:53  they give it one remarkably low ratings and that is because
01:58  government has badly damaged and not because. A state like Mississippi
02:03  would have problems it can't work because of them.
Illinois lost more than 137,000 residents due to migration between the middle of 2010 and July 2013.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
19740 CONNECT 566 TWEET 200 LINKEDIN 103 COMMENTEMAILMORE
How well run is your state? Assessing a state's management quality is hardly easy. The current economic climate and standard of living in any given state are not only the results of policy choices and developments that occurred in the last few years, but can also be affected by decisions made decades ago, and by forces outside a state's control.
Each year, 24/7 Wall St. attempts to answer this question by surveying various aspects of each state. To determine how well states are managed, we examine key financial ratios, as well as social and economic outcomes. This year, North Dakota is the best-run state in the country for the third consecutive year, while Illinois replaced California as the worst-run state.
Selecting appropriate criteria to compare the 50 states is difficult because there is so much variation among the states. As a result, policy decisions that may work in one state might not work in another. Some states are rich in natural resources, while others rely on high-skilled sectors such as technology and business services. Some depend disproportionately on one industry, while others' economies are more balanced. Further, some states are more rural, while others are highly urbanized and densely populated.
This year, a number of the best-run states again benefit from an abundance of natural resources. North Dakota, Wyoming, Alaska, and Texas are among the top 10 best-run states, and in all four, the mining industry — which includes fossil fuel extraction — is a major contributor to state GDP. Due in large part to the mining sector, North Dakota and Wyoming led the nation in real GDP growth in 2013. And Alaska has utilized its oil wealth to build massive state reserves and to pay its residents an annual dividend.
Although less than in years past, the lingering effects of the housing crisis still have a negative impact on several of the worst-run states. In five of the 10 worst-run states — Arizona, Georgia, Illinois, New Jersey, and Rhode Island — home values declined by 10% or more between 2009 and 2013. Worse still, in states such as Arizona and Rhode Island, the housing market remains well below its peak, reached just before the start of the recent recession.
MORE: States with the widest gap between rich and poor
While some states' economic fortunes are closely tied to the rise and fall of individual industries, which are often outside their control, each state must make the best of its own situation. Governments, as stewards of their own economies, need to prepare for the worst, including the collapse of a vital industry. Good governance is about balancing tax collection and state expenditure in a way that provides essential services to residents without sacrificing a state's long-term fiscal health. Many of the best-run states in the country set money aside each year for emergencies. Should the Alaskan economy run into trouble, the state has enough money in reserve to match more than 21 months of general fund spending.
The scale and complexity of state institutions often make addressing problems at the state level extremely difficult. As a result, our list of the best- and worst-run states tends to remain largely unchanged from one year to the next.
There were a few states that made remarkable improvements, however. California, Colorado, Florida, and Hawaii all moved up by at least 10 positions on our ranking. Improvements in important factors, such as GDP growth and home value increases, contributed to improved rankings in a number of these states.
MORE: The most dangerous cities in America
Some of the changes in rankings can be attributed to states' GDP per capita levels and labor force growth, both of which were incorporated in our analysis for the first time this year. For example, California's GDP per capita of $53,497 in 2013, 12th highest in the nation, helped it move up on this list. Also, Florida's ranking was bolstered by a 3.8% increase in the labor force between 2009 and 2013, the fourth highest.
To determine how well each state is run, 24/7 Wall St. examined data from numerous sources. From the U.S. Census Bureau, we looked at each state's finances for the 2012 fiscal year, including revenue, tax collection, pension funding, debt, and expenditure. In order to identify how each state's economy was performing, we reviewed data on unemployment rates, exports, and GDP. We looked at poverty, educational attainment, violent crime rates, and foreclosures to assess social outcomes and residents' well-being.
While each state is different, states at both ends of the list share certain characteristics. For example, people living in the worst-run states were apt to have lower standards of living. Violent crime rates were typically higher in these states, and the share of the population in poverty or with at least a high school diploma was lower than the national rate.
The worst-run states also tended to have weak fiscal management, reflected by low pension funding, sparsely padded coffers, and poor credit ratings from Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's (S&P). Illinois, the worst-run state in America, received lower ratings than any other state from both agencies. By contrast, the majority of the 10 best-run states had perfect ratings from both agencies.
Unemployment rates were also relatively low in the nation's best-run states. North Dakota, the top-ranked state, had an unemployment rate of 2.9% last year, the best in the U.S. In all, eight of the 10 best-run states were among the 10 states with the lowest unemployment rates. Meanwhile, unemployment was much more prevalent in the worst-run states. Illinois and Rhode Island, both among the lowest-rated states, also had the nation's second- and third-worst unemployment rates in 2013, at 9.2% and 9.5%.
BEST-RUN STATES
> Debt per capita: $2,880 (19th lowest)
> Credit Rating (S&P/Moody's): AAA/Aa1
> 2013 unemployment rate: 2.9% (the lowest)
> Median household income: $55,759 (19th highest)
> Poverty rate: 11.8% (10th lowest)
North Dakota is 24/7 Wall St.'s best-run state for a third consecutive year. People have been flocking to North Dakota: more than 5% of the population in 2013 had migrated from another state or country since 2010. One reason for this is the surging economy. Last year, the state's GDP rose by 9.7%, the most in the nation. Much of this growth came from the mining industry, which includes oil and gas extraction. In recent years, oil extraction in North Dakota has grown exponentially, driven by drilling in the Bakken formation. This has made the state the second largest oil producer behind Texas. Job growth has also been rapid. North Dakota's 2.9% unemployment rate was the lowest in the nation last year.

NASA Attempts to Launch Orion Spacecraft After DelaysHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Deep Sea Cam Off NC Coast","description":"Live look at the underwater camera on the Frying Pan Tower off North Carolina coast.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Deep Sea Cam Off NC Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Initial jobless claims drops 17 000 to 297 000initial jobless claims drops 17 000 to 297 000
Investors  wealth crosses Rs 100 trillionHi Guest
Investors' wealth crosses Rs 100 trillion
Creating history, Bombay Stock Exchange on Wednesday peaked above Rs 100-trillion mark to scale a new record in terms of market wealth of all listed firms. At the end of today's trade, the bourse touched total market cap of Rs 1,00,40,625 crore after a volatile trading session. During post-closing adjustments, the BSE market cap figure changed multiple times, including an initial figure of Rs 100,40,408 crore, which then slipped to Rs 99,63,758 crore before finally ending at Rs 100,40,625 ...

I had gone through the past performance and videos of the company and ...Gold Member
33 Followers
Reposted about 12 days 5 hrs 21 min 32 sec ago by sbkjrf123 and 1 others
ROCE(Return on Capital Employed) & ROE or RONW (Return on Equity / Return on Networth): Both of these ratios should be at an average of 15%  of past 10 years company performance.  Just compare these two which I had taken 5 years (2010-2014) figures for comparison from money control.
JBMA:  ROCE= 12.90% and RONW = 11.00%
ATUL AUTO:  ROCE = 37.65% and RONW = 26.20%
See the fantastic figures of AA they speak, their Nov14 sales improved more than 18%,  FV is same as JBMA.  I am not finding fault with JBMA and its management.  But their venturing in bus project may face severe competition from old peers like VECV, Tatamotors, Ashokleyland etc.  More over sourcing 500cr.funds not yet clear. Where they will fix floor price for FCCB/QIP and how smoothly it will go through don’t know.  See Ceat Ltd after QIP issued shares at 880/piece, liquidity improved and stock down by 150 from its 52w high.
I had lost nearly 100/share in JBMA and today shifted to Atul Auto at 624 which I hope may recoup my loss though I got 1/3rd of AA stock after exiting from JBMA.  I luckily hold 5% of my portfolio in JBMA kept as risk part even that why should it go on loss.  Here in this board everybody is blindly following 2 senior boarders which may not correct and I am not find fault with them.  Ok those who have invested in jbma before split and bonus might be happy as they earned more profit, but those entered newly at higher levels must be vigilant.  The stock has fallen its high of 309 and continuously maintaining its down side.  One can go through everybody’s views but ultimately fundamentals speak and final decision shall be one’s own as we are dealing with our money.  Finally there is no doubt that auto and auto ancillary sector will do better for the next 3 years at least but differs from company to company.

Good stuff..! you are well positioned to make quite much. i hope it do...Gold Member
14 Followers
I was just joking...! Since you are all into astro and stuff.. i thought you would believe in evil eye... never mind...
I have 4 lots of RELCAPITAL futures so far.. I buy Puts every time it makes a new high on high volumes like it did yesterday.. and then sell the puts as momentum falls..
In reply to : v1508a message
3.38 PM Dec 4th

Kitna aur tadpayega lupin 1500 jaane ke liye :) :) ...holding at 800 ...Platinum Member
138 Followers
lupin i admire your acumen to play various price range of markets. from Lincoln Pharma to Lupin. My buy price @ below 600 after that i bought @780 10 and 765 @15  bus.. now i just watch
In reply to : cindrella2004 message
12.00 PM Dec 5th

Kiran bhau stock market madhe 18 te 20% correction yanarya week madhe...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Stocks dip  euro up  as Draghi holds fireEuro rallies after ECB keeps powder dry
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/14ed1f00-7b5f-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Restaurant Opts Not To Fire Teen Who Asked For Time Off For Cancer TreatmentRestaurant Decides Not To Fire Teen Who Asked For Time Off For Cancer Treatment
Posted:
reddit
A Chicago-based restaurant chain appears to have shifted into damage control this week following a report that one of its employees was fired after asking for time off in order to undergo surgery as part of his cancer treatment.
In an interview with NBC Chicago that first aired Saturday , 19-year-old Jonathan Larson, a delivery driver at Rosebud Restaurants’ location in Naperville, Illinois, claimed he was fired by his employer after he told the restaurant he would need to take six weeks off from his job for back surgery related to his diagnosis with cancer of the brain and spine.
“[My manager] said, ‘No, by that time I’ll already have another driver hired. Just leave, I have to make some phone calls,” Larson told NBC. “I’m really disappointed and saddened by it. It’s not something I can help.”
The story was shared widely and prompted a backlash, including many individuals leaving negative comments on Rosebud Restaurants’ Facebook page .
On Saturday, the restaurant chain posted a statement acknowledging the Larson report , stating “we want you to know that we’re listening and since learning of the incident have acted swiftly to better understand what transpired.” The restaurant also said it had spoken with Larson about the incident.
In a second statement posted Sunday, the restaurant indicated it had spoken with Larson’s family and confirmed that his job would be waiting for him after his surgery. In a comment posted in response to the statement, Larson confirmed he would be meeting with restaurant chain leadership and the manager who fired him “to try and resolve the situation.”
“Rosebud always strives to treat its employees and customers as family but, in this case, we did not live up to our own expectations,” the statement read. “Like so many, we have been inspired by Jon Larson's personal strength and perseverance in his battle to beat cancer. We hope Mr. Larson makes a full and speedy recovery and returns to his job with Rosebud soon.”
In a comment on the Facebook page of the Naperville restaurant on Sunday, Debbie Sitko, who identified herself as Larson’s mother, said she was initially “angry along with disappointed and sad for my son” but that she is “please[d] with the way Rosebud is handling the situation at this time.”
Larson and Sitko did not respond to requests for comment. Rosebud Restaurants declined to comment for this story, but stood by the statements the company made on its Facebook page.
Several laws protect employees from being fired under similar circumstances, such as the Family and Medical Leave Act; the Americans with Disabilities Act; and the Illinois Human Rights Act. The Huffington Post has been unable to confirm specifics of Larson's situation that would have determined which law was most applicable.
Rosebud Restaurants operates 10 restaurants in and near Chicago. The company was sued last year by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for allegedly refusing to employ African-Americans in its restaurants on account of their race. Joseph Taylor, the company's former CEO, filed a separate lawsuit this year alleging that he was fired because he suggested "there may be some merit" to the EEOC lawsuit.
More:

Daniel Grill / Getty Images filedaniel grill / getty images file
Will Ban on Loose Cigarette Sale Deter Smokerswill ban on loose cigarette sale deter smokers
Aroon Purie praises PM Modi s ability to raise business sentimentTaslima Khan      Follow @KhanTaslima    Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 09:09 IST
Aroon Purie, Chairman of the India Today Group. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh
The Indian economy is at a tipping point where it is slowly turning around after several dismal years, Aroon Purie, Chairman of the India Today Group, said on Friday at Business Today's second edition of MindRush conclave of the country's top corporate leaders.
Extending a warm welcome to the packed house of almost 150 CEOs from companies across industries, Purie highlighted the uptick in sentiment in corporate India and enumerated several points that indicate a turnaround may just be round the corner.
He said that GDP growth of 5.7 per cent for the first quarter of 2014/15 is the highest in two-and-a-half years. He also said that inflation has been easing, helped by a 30 per cent drop in crude oil prices in the past year, and that factory output is inching up. "There are encouraging signs that the worst may be behind us," he said.
Purie said that another measure of corporate leaders restoring faith in the Indian economy is deal-making picking up.
"The recent Kotak Mahindra Bank-ING Vysya merger, the Jaypee Power-JSW Energy deal and the Future group acquisition of Nilgiris are just an indicator of how corporate India has again found its deal appetite," he said.
FULL COVERAGE: MindRush 2014
Purie hailed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's leadership capabilities in improving business sentiment. "He not only has the vision but has a track record as a doer. And has the clear mandate to do it," he said.
Hailing fresh initiatives taken by the new government, Purie called Modi's 'Make in India' campaign a step in the right direction.
"It addresses the fundamental distortion of our economy in which 50 per cent of our workforce in agriculture only contributes 14 per cent of GDP," he said, adding that 12 million  young people enter the workforce every year and only manufacturing can provide these jobs.
Talking about the leadership challenges CEOs face, Purie said, "Leading a company is a complicated business. It is not only about getting financial returns to satisfy the shareholders but about strategic vision, customer engagement, employee satisfaction, company reputation and responsibility to the community in which you operate. A successful CEO, therefore, is multi-talented person to play all the roles he has to play and show a good profit."
Purie congratulated all the winners and said it all boils down to leadership. "You get good leadership and the course of history can be changed as we have seen so often. Unfortunately, the reverse is equally true. It can take decades to undo the sins of bad leadership," he said.

Rouble suffers worst fall since 1998 crisisRouble suffers worst fall since 1998 crisis
Kathrin Hille and Courtney Weaver in Moscow, and Delphine Strauss and Elaine Moore in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bb50fcc-7937-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

24 Percent of Millennials Expect Student Debt Forgiveness24 percent of millennials expect student debt forgiveness
Mumbai marks World Aids DayTweet
Red ribbons, symbol of the fight against Aids, are distributed during a rally on to spread awareness on Aids on World Aids Day in Mumbai. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT photo)
Sex workers from Kamathipura participate in a rally to spread awareness on Aids on World Aids Day in Mumbai. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT photo)
Transgenders participate in a rally to spread awareness on Aids on World Aids Day in Mumbai. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT photo)
Sex workers from Kamathipura hold placards during a rally to spread awareness on Aids on World Aids Day in Mumbai. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT photo)
Sex workers from Kamathipura hold placards during a rally to spread awareness on Aids on World Aids Day in Mumbai. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT photo)
Sex workers distribute red ribbons, symbol of the fight against AIDS, in a rally on World Aids Day in Mumbai. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT photo)
Sex workers from Kamathipura participate in a rally to spread awareness on Aids on World Aids Day in Mumbai. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT photo)
Advertisement

RBI May Cut Rates in February: Dr C RangarajanYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
RBI May Cut Rates in February: Dr C Rangarajan
Published On:                  December  2, 2014                 | Duration: 7 min, 42 sec
Tweet
Dr C Rangarajan, Former Chairman of the Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister, says the RBI's monetary policy is along the expected lines and that a rate cut may come in February 2015. He also says that the RBI should bring down the CPI inflation target for January 2016.

Phillip Joel Hughes comes home to Macksville for one last timesports
Phillip Joel Hughes comes home to Macksville for one last time
An order of service for the funeral of Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes is pictured prior to being distributed to mourners. (Source: Reuters)
The church at Macksville prepares for Hughes' final journey. (Source: AP)
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott arrives for Hughes' funeral. Earlier, the Australian parliament observed silence to mourn Hughes' untimely death. (Source: AP)
Former Australian cricketer Brett Lee (L) (who also played with Hughes at NSW and Australia) and former Australian rugby union coach Alan Jones (C) arrive at the funeral of Phillip Hughes in his home town of Macksville. (Source: AP)
Indian team's director of cricket and former Indian great Ravi Shastri arrives for Hughes' funeral (Source: AP)
India's Virat Kohli seen at Phil Hughes' funeral service at his hometown Macksville. (Source: Reuters)
There was a procession along the main street in the small town of Macksville where the car carrying Hughes' coffin was driven through. (Source: Reuters)
West Indies legend Brian Lara who in in Australia to play an amateur golf tournament is seen with Australian spin wizard Shane Warne. Both players recalled their fair share of cricket injuries and on-field accidents. (Source: Reuters)
Perhaps the worst day for a father, and for a friend. Greg Hughes carries his son's coffin along with Australian opener Aaron Finch. (Source: Reuters)
Michael Clarke who later couldn't hold back his tears seen here carrying Hughes' coffin with other family members. (Source: AP)
Brave young lad. Sean Abbott, who bowled that fateful delivery that knocked Hughes unconscious attended his funeral service. (Source: Reuters)
Related

Meat for one; poison for the otherUpdated: December 3, 2014 20:20 IST
Meat for one; poison for the other
ANUJ KUMAR
Bollywood Film and Music Director Vishal Bhardwaj. Photo: Sushil Kumar Verma
The Hindu
Jaideep Sahni, script writer and lyricist. Photo: Anu Pushkarna
TOPICS
cinema
In a discussion on cinema as a tool for social change, participants felt films should not be judged from the point of view of mass sensibility
Vishal Bhardwaj, who recently made news by portraying Kashmir problem in a new light in Haider, has said that a filmmaker need not be burdened with the responsibility of being meaningful.
Participating in a discussion on “Cinema as a tool for social change” at the recently concluded NFDC’s Film Bazaar at Panaji, Bhardwaj said, “What is meaningful for me may be meaningless for you. Of course, one needs to be socially aware that films are a reflection of society but a society is made of individuals and one man’s perspective can be different from other. If we keep on curbing thought in the name of mass sensibility no new point of view will ever emerge,” said Bhardwaj.
Taking a jibe at the political class, Bhardwaj said everybody knows that if you buy a house one has to pay up to 40 per cent as black money. “Has any Finance Minister taken note of this parallel economy? But they come down heavily on one line here, one song there in a film.”
Taking the discussion forward, Jaideep Sahni, writer of films like Khosla Ka Ghosla, Company and Chak De India, gave his version of Gulzar’s Maachis.
“It brought a new perspective to Punjab insurgency, which many might be aware of, but was not in the public domain.
Or take the example of Chak De India. Many might have thought why the men’s Indian cricket team finds space on the front page even after defeat, while the girls hockey team struggles to find coverage even when it brings laurels but the film gave it a voice.”
Sahni stressed that he is not saying that the filmmaker was the last word. “It is like a youngster trying to put his point across in the company of family’s elders. Even if they don’t like it, he tries to put it across smartly in different ways. The right word is social engagement. Society is our family where different points of view should be accepted,” stressed the writer of Shuddh Desi Romance, which tackled live in relationship out of metros.
Bhardwaj said films become easy targets of political outfits to gain publicity. “Kaminey was about to be banned after getting a censor certificate because in ‘Dhan te naan’ song the word teli was used. Suddenly, I was told the community has been hurt and ultimately I had to change the word in all the prints.”
“And what about the social responsibility of Khap Panchayats and outfits like Sri Ram Sene,” Sahni chipped in. He said in India a lot of self censorship is in place as far as tackling political issues are concerned. “You can’t make a nuanced film on caste because you know you will be clamped down even at the shooting stage.”
He said television requires much more structured censorship than cinema. “But that requires lot of brain storming which many don’t want to do.” Bhardwaj said because of television censorship, lot of mature subjects have to be tweaked at the scripting stage because satellite rights play a crucial role in financing. “So we can’t have a film for the adults without compromising on the budget.”
Writer Urmi Juvekar pointed towards the commodification of woman. “Here Fire gets threats while ‘Sheila Ki Jawaani’ slips through. Doesn’t it reflect that even our authorities concede to the mass taste implying society has no problem in seeing women as objects.” Juvekar said we should stay away from labels.
“When a filmmaker or writer says his basic parameter while touching a so-called controversial subject does no harm, it upsets me. For it is a label in itself.”

US Private Payrolls Rise in NovemberYou are here: Home Economy
US Private Payrolls Rise in November; Q3 Compensation Revised Down
Reuters | Updated On: December 03, 2014 21:54 (IST)
China December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
Washington: US private employers added jobs at a fairly brisk clip in November, suggesting a slowing global economy is having a limited impact on domestic activity.
The steady pace of hiring, however, has yet to translate into stronger wage growth. Other data on Wednesday showed sharp downward revisions to compensation in the second and third quarters, suggesting the Federal Reserve had room to maintain its low interest rate policy for a while.
The ADP National Employment Report showed private payrolls increased by 208,000 last month. While that was slightly below Wall Street's expectations for an increase of 221,000 jobs, October's payrolls were revised to show 3,000 more positions added than previously reported.
Private employers have now added jobs for 57 straight months at an average rate of about 186,000 per month.
"The labor market continues to make steady progress," Ahu Yildirmaz, vice president and head of the ADP Research Institute, said on a conference call following the release of the data.
In separate report, the Labor Department said unit labour costs, the price of labour for any given unit of production, fell at a 1.0 per cent rate in the third quarter. They had previously been reported to have increased at a 0.3 per cent pace.
Unit labor costs for the second quarter were also revised down to show them declining at a steeper 3.7 per cent rate instead of the previously reported 0.5 per cent pace.
That should ease fears that wage growth is rising a little bit faster than the Fed's expectations and cause the US central bank to wait longer to raise interest rates.
US Treasury debt prices rose on the data. US stock index futures were little changed, while the dollar was up against a basket of currencies.
Wage growth is one of the key factors that will determine when the Fed will start raising its short-term interest rate, which it has kept near zero since December 2008.
Compensation per hour increased at a 1.3 per cent rate in the third quarter rather the 2.3 per cent pace reported last month.
Compared to the third quarter of last year, hourly compensation rose 2.2 per cent instead of the 3.3 per cent advance reported last month.
Nonfarm productivity, which measures hourly output per worker, expanded at a 2.3 per cent annual rate instead of the previously reported 2.0 per cent pace.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Not Surprised to See RBI Holding Rates: Jamal MecklaiYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Not Surprised to See RBI Holding Rates: Jamal Mecklai
Published On:                  December  2, 2014                 | Duration: 9 min, 56 sec
Tweet
Jamal Mecklai, chief executive of Mecklai Financial, says he thinks RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has done a great job by keeping rates unchanged. He also says Mr Rajan seems confident about domestic inflation as he has not flagged the falling global oil prices in the December 2 review.

Why did the Congress & the Left crumble in 2014EYE BROWSE
Why did the Congress & the Left Crumble in 2014?
This year, the collapse of the Congress and the liberal left was even more spectacular than the rise of the BJP and the political right. Neither the Congress nor the liberal left has really understood the challenge facing them or how to fight it. How did this happen and what can we expect next year?
By Bhavdeep Kang | Grist Media –  Wed 3 Dec, 2014
Recommend
Print
Image courtesy Grist Media
In the chronicles of a latter-day Vyasa, 2014 will be the year Narendra Modi recoded Indian politics. He made the ‘regressive’ Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) look hip and the ‘liberal’ Congress look old school. Modi took from Jawaharlal Nehru the crest of Great Modernizer, while Nehru’s own descendant Rahul Gandhi stood for a putrefying dynasty that seems to have no place in equal-opportunity India.
Annus horibilis for the Congress, annus mirabilis for the BJP. Prima facie, it all happened in less than a year – from Modi’s appointment as BJP’s campaign chief in June 2013 to his oath-taking 11-and-a-half months later. But politics is an exercise in continuity, even if the currents aren’t immediately visible. So, while Congress netas reviled Rahul Gandhi for his ineptitude and dismal leadership, the ground for 2014 had been laid much earlier.
The role reversal saw the BJP emerge as the Big Tent, under which all manner of castes and creeds and classes found a place, with only bharatiyata (Indian-ness, manifest in shared traditions) in common. The incredibly shrinking Congress yielded space not just to the BJP but to regional parties, many of which were its own spin-offs. The BJP shed allies where it had once sought them. The Congress, in a 2003 redux (the party's Shimla Sankalp of 2003 declared it open to alliances, seen as a big reason for its 2004 victory), tentatively began reaching out to those it had spurned.
So, with the Congress reduced to a teeny rump and Modi gaining popularity, what is the grand old party’s masterplan for revival?
Congressmen respond to the question with a blank look or a wry “Is there one?” The most honest response comes from a veteran the party president holds in high regard: “They [Rahul & Co.] started the year intoxicated and directionless. They ended it demoralized and directionless.”
The Congress is doing even worse, actually
The Congress’ decline didn’t stop with the elections – it continues apace.
No one even noticed when the party lost its deposit at the venue of its birth, Gowalia Tank in Mumbai’s Malabar Hill constituency, during the Maharashtra Assembly elections in October. The tank, orginally a bathing hole for cattle, now lies buried below August Kranti Maidan (where Mahatma Gandhi gave the Quit India call in 1942), a forgotten byte of history.
During the Maharashtra Assembly elections, local Congress candidates summoned to Pune for an audience with Rahul Gandhi were disappointed when he took off without having met them.
Salman Khurshid, P Chidambaram and Kapil Sibal have resumed highly successful law practices, while Jairam Ramesh lectures in the USA and Kamal Nath is engaged with his various business ventures. None of them showed up for the 125th anniversary of Nehru, at which Hamid Karzai was the chief guest and Sonia Gandhi and Rahul spoke.
Uday Pratap Singh of Hoshangabad, a sitting Congress Member of Parliament, was given no say in the selection of candidates for the 2013 Assembly elections in Madhya Pradesh. That consummate durbari, Suresh Pachauri, had his way. Piqued, Singh upped and quit the party and joined the BJP overnight. He took the entire Congress setup of Hoshangabad with him – lock, stock and barrel. The grand old party lost every Assembly seat in Hoshangabad (Pachauri’s included) and in 2014, Singh was re-elected with a thumping margin – on a BJP ticket.
The disconnect within the Congress has become stark in late 2014. The party’s senior leaders display a palpable lack of interest in its fortunes. The 2014 electoral debacle seems to have had no visible impact on Rahul Gandhi’s behavior or strategy. The once-ubiquitous party organization has withered away at the field level.
Rahul’s navratan (or nine jewels, as Congressmen sarcastically refer to his inner coterie) of NGO-wallahs, statisticians and analysts is still very much in place, despite a string of electoral disasters: G Mohan Gopal, Madhusudan Mistry, Mohan Prakash, Bhanwar Jitendra Singh, Kanishka Singh, Sachin Rao, Koppula Raju, Kaushal Vidyarthi and CP Joshi.
The Congress durbaris are now in two distinct camps. Team Sonia is comprised of party veterans while Team Rahul consists of newbies who jump to their idol’s defence at the first hint of criticism – such as when senior leaders Digvijay Singh and P Chidamabaram suggest Rahul be more visible and vocal, or when Milind Deora and RPN Singh blame his coterie for failing to communicate with voters.
Former Kerala minister TH Mustafa said on record what many Congressmen, including Cabinet ministers, had said in private: that Rahul was a “joker” who should step aside for his dynamic sibling Priyanka. Team Rahul saw to it that he was suspended from the party, only to have former minister HR Bharadwaj say the same thing, albeit politely. "When I was in Karnataka, I saw Rahul is not capable of addressing a mass audience," he said. As for Priyanka, "I have no doubt that if she roams around, she can involve the masses and revive the party."
Expectare, vigilate, sperare. Wait, watch, hope. That about sums up the Congress strategy at the end of 2014. As absurd as it seems, the party believes such passivity will pay off because it’s worked before. Indira Gandhi had only to wait until the Janata Party imploded and came charging back to power in 1980. In 1991, the double whammy of the Mandal Commission fallout and Rajiv Gandhi’s assassination put the Congress back in the saddle, albeit as a minority government. In 2004, after eight years in the wilderness, the party wrested back the government from an insouciant Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
So when former minister Kapil Sibal says the Congress must bide its time until Modi’s romance with the people sours, he is not just expressing ridiculous optimism – he’s reflecting senior opinion across the party.
However, that strategy won’t work with Modi, says veteran journalist Ajay Upadhyay. “If they wait for Modi to stumble, there will be little left of the party by [that] time. They had best engage workers in some sort of activity, like a membership campaign or training camps. Mao Tse Tung would send senior communist leaders back to the farms or factories for training. Deng Xiaoping was re-trained at 62. Do the same with Congress leaders!”
What the Congress still doesn’t get
The obsession with Rahul and his dismal leadership obscures a far more fundamental problem: the Congress’ inability to adapt to changing circumstances and thereby meet new challenges, especially the ones posed by Modi.
The power-obsessed Congress has failed to grasp that Modi, unlike previous non-Congress PMs, is not interested in power for its own sake. For all his comfort with modernity, he is shaped by the RSS and its philosophy and sees power as the means to an end. He seeks to alter the nation’s political DNA – when he speaks of a “Congress-mukt” Bharat, he refers not only to the party but to a new mindset. His goal is nothing short of social transformation.
He appropriates all the ideas that represent the best of contemporary social values, regardless of their source. Thus he offers schemes like Make in India and Swachh Bharat, and borrows terms like Inclusive Development from Manmohan-omics (on the latter, the BJP contends that its model of inclusion is more effective, aiming at empowerment rather than handouts). But each of these ideas still must carry Modi’s own unique stamp. Cross Deen Dayal Upadhyaya’s swadeshi with Jawaharlal Nehru’s indigenization and you have Make in India. Gandhi’s swachhta becomes a massive infrastructure exercise, with toilets popping up everywhere(August 15, 2015 is the deadline for a toilet in every school and many corporates have already pledged CSR funds towards toilet-building). Manmohan Singh’s inclusive growth finds expression in the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. Modi’s brand of economic nationalism is not pegged on conventional “isms”, be it neo-liberalism, capitalism, socialism, or even his idol Upadhyaya’s Integral Humanism. As former Union minister S Jaipal Reddy observed, it is “pragmatic”. He is aware that he will be judged on the performance of the economy.
Upadhyaya’s Integral Humanism espouses technology with a human face – a value (dhamma)-based society where the modern apparatus will be the instrument of social transformation. Thus, Modi also offers big budget schemes like Digital India and smart cities – Rs 1 lakh crore has been cleared for the former and 100 smart cities planned for the latter – where values and technology come together to foster inclusive growth (empower deprived sections, create economic prosperity and make India a power to reckon with) and build a national character.
What the Congress and others don’t understand is why this is so appealing to us in 2014. Given the pace of change in our lives, whether it’s with economic growth, new technologies or social mores, Indians love the idea of “traditional values with a modern outlook”. People enthusiastically embrace technology (like cellphones) with the assurance that it will not change who they are, just make them better versions of themselves. So ideas like Digital India or bank-accounts-for-all go down really well. The pervasive disgust with corruption makes the idea of making Bharat a little swachh – inside and out – very appealing. Make in India resonates loudly with the young generation’s hopeful, and thus assertive, nationalism.
BJP general secretary Ram Madhav makes much of Modi’s connect with the common Indian. In his first few months in office, Modi has made over a dozen public speeches and posted thousands of tweets. His style is conversational and unaffected, in sharp contrast to his predecessor’s robotic delivery. He’s out to win hearts, not just votes. He identifies himself with the have-nots so completely they can imagine becoming him – an identification impossible for Rahul Gandhi.
The war of ideas is lopsided
In 2014, the collapse of the political center-left has been even more spectacular than the rise of the right.
The political right has begun permeating our public discourse and, for the first time, is edging out the liberal left traditionally aligned with the Congress. Bursting free from the echo chambers of social media, they are now making their presence felt in what used to be bastions of the liberal left. The Dalai Lama inaugurates the World Hindu Congress and it gets more coverage than the 125th year of Nehru. Standing-room-only seminars are held on Integral Humanism. Goa hosts an “Ideas Conclave” with Sri Sri Ravi Shankar delivering the keynote address. The Indian Council of Historial Research (ICHR) and the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) are taken over by right-wingers.
“The Marxist-Nehruvian ecosystem barred entry for all non-left and non-Nehruvian intellectuals for 60 years, and usurped all key positions in central universities, the IAS, IPS and IFS, as well as the media,” says A Surya Prakash, Prasar Bharti Chairman. “In many interviews I have said ‘I am not left-wing, but that does not make me right-wing.’ This is where most of us are, I suppose. But times are changing and the bureaucracy, academia and media is suddenly trying to grasp the basics of Deen Dayalji's philosophy.”
Congressmen refuse to believe they can lose the battle of ideas to “maut ka saudagar” Modi (as Sonia Gandhi once characterized him). Nehruvian ideals of secularism and socialism are ineradicable, they insist. Instead of fighting Modi’s ideas with a counter-strategy, the Congress and the Left have reacted with knee-jerk bluster. They are unable to go beyond just warning the public that Modi threatens liberalism in general and Nehruvian secularism in particular.
The highly publicized Congress decision not to invite Modi to an international conference on 125 years of Nehru because he did not “truly believe in democracy and the ideals of Nehru”, as the former Union minister and Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma put it, came across as petty rather than principled.
Witness the indignant liberal reaction to Doordarshan’s telecast of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) sarsanghchalak Mohan Rao Bhagwat’s Vijaydashami speech. They referred to the RSS as a religious organization and pointed to Bhagwat as its pontiff. The premise of this is not just unproductive but erroneous: many middle-class Indians are accustomed to live interaction with the RSS and its affiliates, and what they mostly see are social interventions in education, health, rural development, etc. The RSS pracharak is not a priest – he is a person who opts for brahmacharya to dedicate himself to social service and as his boss, the RSS chief wields moral and not religious authority. Small wonder there was no public response to the liberal outcry.
The left liberals have attempted two strategies to the challenge from the right, illustrated by two of its leading members.
First, author and academic Sunil Khilnani’s startegy has been denial. “It is the inevitable narcissism of the present moment to think that now is a turning point [...], that 2014 has marked the end of the founding idea of India, and an alternative vision will replace it. In such readings, we see the death foretold of liberalism in India,” he wrote in Outlook magazine. Instead, he says, liberalism is now even more entrenched because the BJP has been forced to become more-secular-than-thou for fear of delegitimizing itself.
So according to this view, the BJP is like any other party, politicking away and nothing has really changed in the balance of ideas. Or so Khilnani & Co. hope! In fact, they don’t recognize their situation because they have never been under such threat before, not even when non-Congress governments were in power. Even Vajpayee sought acceptability from the liberal left and to be seen as a liberal democrat. Modi doesn’t seek legitimization from them. He is in power despite their concerted campaign against his character, and is thus unapologetic about his ideology and that he intends to promote it through state machinery.
The other strategy has been adaptation. Historian Ramachandra Guha has defended Nehru by, ironically, recognizing Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel as a tall Congress leader and chum of Nehru. Hitherto, left-leaning historians have preferred to ignore Patel, whose secular credentials were suspect, as opposed to Nehru, who was the architect of secular India. Now that Modi has appropriated Patel and brought to life his alternate, non-Nehruvian vision of India, Guha must reclaim Patel and project him as a partner in Nehru’s efforts in nation-building. To this end, the liberal left hopefully recalls Patel’s banning of the RSS. This strategy has little hope of succeeding, as the Nehru-Patel dichotomy is too well established in the public mind.
What the liberal left haven’t figured out is simply this: they are no longer the arbiters of what is acceptable in our public discourse and political reality. When they come to grips with this reality – which is hard, because they have been dominant for 60 years – they can settle down to a more effective role as an alternative voice.
The BJP has successfully managed to project itself as being not only on the side of the Hindu gods, but secular. The “positive secularism” of the BJP asks all prospective members, in the enrolment form they are expected to fill out, to commit themselves to sarva dharma sama bhava – respect for all religions. The Hindu middle class cannot reject secularism because to do so would be un-Hindu. As BJP general secretary Muralidhar Rao said shortly after the general elections, “The idiom of public discourse with regard to secularism has changed. Indian secularism, which mandates mutual respect between all faiths, has always obtained. And it is this definition of secularism, defined by Indian rather than Marxist traditions, that is now accepted.” In the current mood of assertive nationalism, the middle class has sold itself the BJP’s definition – it’s okay to see yourself as a Hindu nationalist, without compromising your secular outlook.
Modi as an icon of muscular Hinduism is not something the liberal left have been able to fight against in 2014. They also cannot take him on since they know will lose that battle again. So they are trying their best to co-opt him the way they co-opted Vajpayee. According to Khilnani, the BJP won the national election on a mandate of development and governance and so will have to “house-train” itself “to become a party like any other, to be judged by standards that any party in a liberal system would accept” – and thus he tries to co-opt Modi’s BJP.
The Left could live with Vajpayee-the-moderate. The media praised Vajpayee while attacking the RSS and celebrated the differences between the two. But Modi has been sculpted by the RSS and shows no signs of being tamed.
The simple fact is that the BJP gained an absolute majority without the benefit of the minority vote, and it did so without having a presence in critical states like Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal, Odisha, Punjab and much of the north-east. It is now specifically targeting these states. Clearly, a party can win on the Hindu vote alone. Thus, the terms of negotiation between the majority and minority community have changed.
What will 2015 bring?
One thing on the Congress’ mind is its take on minorityism. For former Union minister Salman Khurshid, the most disturbing aspect of 2014 was “the emasculation of the minority vote.” He told me, “There’s no more talk of reservations for minorities, no praying on the streets, no Iftars. On Independence Day, Modi asks for a moratorium on sectarian violence. And none of this is even being discussed...if I had said one hundredth of what Najma Heptullah has said on minorities, I would have been hanged, drawn and quartered”. (Heptullah had said Muslims were not minorities , Parsis were.)
When Congress leader AK Antony tentatively suggested that the party needed to rethink minorityism, his party made haste to clarify that the remark had been made in the context of Kerala alone. But Congress policies are not state-specific, so the argument of having a specific context is a particularly weak one. Antony was saying something much larger – that the definition of secularism as minorityism is beginning to annoy Indians everywhere: “Some sections of society have an impression that the party is inclined to certain communities or organizations. Congress policy is equal justice to everyone. But people have doubt whether that policy is being implemented or not...This doubt is created by the party’s proximity towards minority communities, and such a situation would open the door for the entry of communal forces into Kerala.”
So ‘garibi hatao’ and ‘minority bachao’ will continue as the party’s chief slogans next year. Having consistently converted entitlements to handouts linked to political patronage, the Congress is now unable to find a new idiom with which to address voters, most of whom want empowerment. Its economic position swings like a wild pendulum from the excesses of welfarism to neo-liberalism.
It seems dynasty will continue to trump democracy in the Congress. Logically, internal democracy would mean an election for the post of Congress president as well. Chidambaram can imagine a Congress led by someone other than a Nehru-Gandhi, but few Congressmen are as bold. They are not even averse to the induction of Varun Gandhi – after all, he has the lineage, being the grandson of Indira Gandhi. Priyanka Gandhi remains the great white hope of the party, despite the investigation into Robert Vadra’s land deals. Party lawyers insist there’s no evidence of legal wrongdoing, however morally questionable the deals might have been. Anyhow, Congressmen are beginning to wonder whether even she will make a difference.
The long-awaited All-India Congress Committee (AICC) reshuffle could well spark off a fresh round of trouble, particularly if the party loses Jharkhand, Jammu & Kashmir and Delhi. The Tamil Nadu unit has already split, and speculation has it that Chhattisgarh may follow suit.
Jaipal Reddy, that unapologetic liberal, sees a sliver of hope in the fact that his old buddies in the left and the Janata Dal, and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, showed up for the 125th year of Nehru. Could there be a chance of a secular front getting together? But Reddy is mostly alone in this hope. Congressmen, says political analyst Shravan Garg, are passive spectators, much like all the BJP leaders sterilized by Modi.
The rise of anti-BJPism (like the anti-Congressism that was first mooted by Ram Manohar Lohia in 1967, and which became the political theme of the 1970s and 80s) has resulted in former NDA ally JD(U) closing ranks with the Congress. After 20 years of coalitions, psephologists have dusted off that hoary tool, “the index of opposition unity” – the more united the opposition, the poorer the electoral chances of the dominant party. There is some hope that this can be applied against the BJP.
The BJP, on the other hand, is still in election-alert mode. It has launched a high-intensity membership drive despite having won the election – something the Congress should have done. Party chief Amit Shah has repeatedly told the cadre that there is no room for complacence or relaxation – not until all the state elections are won. Take Punjab, for instance, the one state where the Congress might reasonably hope for a substantial victory in 2017. The BJP has waded in and is working to undercut not only the Congress but its own ally, the Akali Dal.
As far as they are concerned, the BJP would prefer to have an opposition outside – in the shape of the Congress/left/socialist parties – rather than one within. An opposition is not only a safety valve for grievances but keeps their own party united. And they are reasonably confident that their economic reforms will not be obstructed because they were, after all, initiated by the Congress.
“He [Modi] walks the tightrope,” says Garg. “The BJP only sees how far he has gone, the RSS only sees how far he has to go, and the Congress just waits for him to tumble.”
Bhavdeep Kang has been a journalist for 27 years. She has worked with The Times of India, The Sunday Observer, The Indian Express, The Pioneer, The Telegraph, India Today and Outlook. Today, she writes on politics, agriculture and food policy. Follow her at @bhavkang .
Recommend

Flash of 1980s style offers few benefits© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11016d60-7957-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BofA Chief Meets PM  Promises to Expand Operations in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
Bank of America Chief Meets PM Modi, Promises to Expand Operations in India
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 03, 2014 22:59 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Encouraged by the prospect of higher growth, Bank of America (BofA) on Wednesday said it plans to expand its banking operations in India with particular focus on infrastructure and energy sectors.
Bank of America chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan said this during a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi here.
The lender said in a release that it will "expand its banking activities in India, and would expand its presence in capital markets, particularly in infrastructure and energy sector investment".
In the course of the interaction, Mr Moynihan said that he expected the Indian economy to grow at a fast pace, and that "the world had changed its perception about India".
Bank of America has branch offices in Mumbai, New Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, and Bengaluru.
Earlier in the day, the government announced an inter-ministerial committee to fast-track investment proposals from the US and to address the issues related to implementation.
The committee headed by the DIPP Secretary will identify bottlenecks faced by the US investors in the implementation of their investment proposals and address them in consultation with all other agencies and state governments concerned.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 22:25 (IST)

Koch-Tied Group Pushes New Union-Busting Bill in Wisconsinreddit
Co-authored by Brendan Fischer
Just weeks after Wisconsin's controversial Governor Scott Walker was elected to a second term, a group with ties to the billionaire Koch brothers has launched a new effort to destroy unions.
In 2011, Wisconsin passed Act 10, a complex bill that forced public sector unions to re-certify annually, made it harder for unions to collect dues, and eliminated the incentive of people to join unions by severely limiting issues on the bargaining table. The bill was designed to destroy public sector unions, a powerful force in Democratic politics in the state, and subsequently union membership dropped dramatically.
Now out-of-state special interests and the Wisconsin GOP will use that drop in membership to argue that private sector workers deserve the same "choice." The poison pill for private sector unions is likely be a model bill from the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) with the Orwellian name of "right to work."
The A Team: Americans for Prosperity, ALEC and ACCE
So-called "right to work" laws allow non-union members to enjoy the benefits of union representation, like higher wages, improved working conditions and a voice in the workplace, but without paying the costs of that representation. Supporters of the measures say they want to give workers the "freedom" not to join a union, but studies have shown that wages are lower for both union and non-union members in states with right to work laws, workers are less likely to have health insurance and more likely to have dangerous work places.
Funding from the billionaire industrialists Charles and David Koch has found its way to a multitude of think tanks, advocacy organizations and legal centers, like the National Right to Work Committee , dedicated to destroying organized labor, the most powerful voice for average Americans in the workplace.
On December 1, a new 501(c)(4) "social welfare" organization calling itself "Wisconsin Right to Work," popped up in Wisconsin promising to "aggressively promote sound public policies and individual freedoms from a grassroots citizen engagement organization." The language is familiar to those who read press releases cranked out by David Koch's Americans for Prosperity (AFP) group, so it is no surprise that new group is led by Lorri Pickens, who has worked for the Koch brothers for years, most recently as AFP's Director of State Operations in Washington, D.C. Pickens was previously associate state director for AFP's Wisconsin chapter from 2005 until 2009. The group is organized as a 501 (c) 4 "social welfare" organization designed to disguise its funders. The group's website was registered by Kurt Luidhart of the Indiana-based "Prosper Group," a GOP digital media firm that Walker's campaign hired in 2014 to run their online fundraising. Luidhart attended Walker's election night party, and has previously done contract work with AFP.
The Kochs and AFP have spent millions in recent years in support of Wisconsin's GOP leadership. AFP was very active in providing astroturf or phony grassroots support for right to work when the state of Michigan took it up , verbatim from the ALEC bill, in 2012.
Although AFP says it is not behind the Wisconsin push, the legislation has long been a priority for the Kochs, whose funding network bankrolls AFP as well as ALEC and the American City and County Exchange (ACCE) the new ALEC-style entity for city and county level politicians.
ALEC and ACCE are meeting in Washington this week for the annual "State and Nation" policy summit. CMD recently reported that the top of the agenda items at this week's meeting is state preemption of local ordinances to raise the wage and a new proposal fresh off the drawing board at the Koch-funded Heritage Foundation for local right to work laws.
Wisconsin ALEC Members Enthused
While Walker repeatedly during the campaign that had no interest in further divisive union-busting measures, Wisconsin's two most powerful legislative leaders, both members of ALEC, quickly followed the announcement with words of support.
A spokeswoman for Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald told the Wisconsin State Journal: "Sen. Fitzgerald has previously expressed his openness to a discussion of making right-to-work legislation a priority for the upcoming legislative session." Assembly Speaker Robin Vos, the former ALEC state chair for Wisconsin, said earlier this year that right to work was not on the agenda for 2015, but celebrated the arrival of the group. "I have long been a supporter of right-to-work and drafted a proposal in the past," Vos told the Racine Journal Times. "I look forward to a healthy discussion as the case is made for the benefits of being a right-to-work state."
The day after Wisconsin Right to Work launched, ALEC member Rep. Chris Kapenga announced that he would be introducing a right to work bill in 2015.
Pickens Is Longtime Wisconsin Activist
Lorri Pickens, the Executive Director of the Wisconsin Right to Life Group, has long been active in Wisconsin politics. She was implicated in the 1997 campaign finance coordination probe that resulted in the harshest penalty ever levied for election violations in the state, and which established the legal precedent for the ongoing Walker criminal investigation .
In 1997, Pickens was an officer in the group Wisconsin Coalition for Voter Participation, which illegally coordinated $200,000 worth of "issue ad" mailings with the campaign of Supreme Court Justice Jon Wilcox. Her husband Brent Pickens was fined $35,000 and barred from politics for five years. Wilcox's campaign manager, Mark Block, was fined $10,000 and banned from politics for three years. Pickens was not penalized.
Block would reemerge years later as the head of AFP-Wisconsin, with Lorri Pickens as associate director. Block later gained national attention in 2012 as Herman Cain's cigarette-puffing presidential campaign manager.
The Wisconsin Coalition for Voter Participation prosecution -- and the 1999 Court of Appeals case that upheld it -- set the stage for the criminal investigation into coordination between Walker's 2012 campaign and Wisconsin Club for Growth, an "independent" group led by Walker's top campaign advisor R.J. Johnson and longtime Koch associate Eric O'Keefe. O'Keefe has spent an enormous amount of money fighting the probe in state and federal courts and arguing, with limited success, that the Wisconsin Coalition for Voter Participation precedent is no longer valid.
Notably, Pickens worked for O'Keefe's Sam Adams Alliance between 2009 and 2010. The Walker probe is currently stalled pending a decision from Wisconsin appellate courts.
Walker Spoke Candidly to Billionaire Funder About Plans to "Divide and Conquer" Public from Private Sector Unions
Walker has publicly claimed that he has no intention of extending his anti-union effort to the private sector, even stating in 2012 that "private sector unions are our partners in job creation." Yet, Walker has sung a different tune when speaking to funders in private. Just days after Walker was first sworn-in as governor, he spoke frankly about his plans to "divide and conquer" Wisconsin unions in a taped conversation with billionaire GOP financier Diane Hendricks, which became public more than a year later. Hendricks gave Walker $500,000 for his 2012 recall effort, and gave $1 million to the Republican Party of Wisconsin in 2014.
"Any chance we'll ever get to be a completely red state and work on these unions?," Hendricks asks in the January 2011 video.
"Oh, yeah!" says Walker.
"And become a right-to-work [state]?," Hendricks asks.
Walker replies: "Well, we're going to start in a couple weeks with our budget adjustment bill. The first step is we're going to deal with collective bargaining for all public employee unions, because you use divide and conquer.... That opens the door once we do that."
Some Wisconsin ALEC members have been floating the idea of right to work since Republicans took control of the legislature in 2010.
In a December 2010 roundtable discussion, Majority Leader Senator Scott Fitzgerald, a former ALEC state chairman, was asked by Jeff Mayers of WisPolitics about making Wisconsin a right to work state.
Fitzgerald replied: "I just attended an American Legislative Exchange Council meeting and I was surprised about how much momentum there was in and around that discussion, nothing like I have seen before."
"Here We Go Again"
Many in the state feel under assault by out-of-state special interests. "Here we go again" was a common refrain.
Kevin Gundlach is the head of the South Central Federation of Labor, which represents private sector unions in the southern part of the state. "All year round, we knock on doors in South Central Wisconsin and we ask people what is on their minds. Never have I heard anyone say 'we need right to work'. People are worried about low wages, health care, benefits and making ends meet in this economy. Right to work will take us in the opposite direction from where people want to go."
More:

Labour is stuck in the political doghouse© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/054aeb86-7957-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India signs up for multi-crore TMT projectNEW DELHI, December 3, 2014
Updated: December 3, 2014 19:37 IST
India signs up for multi-crore TMT project
Pheroze L. Vincent
Tweet
AP
In this artist rendition provided by TMT, the Thirty Meter Telescope is seen. China and India have signed on to be partners for a project to build the Thirty Meter Telescope, which will be the world's largest when it's finished in 2018, at the summit of Mauna Kea volcano in Hawaii. It's the first time either nation has joined a major telescope involved in research on the frontiers of astronomy. The TMT observatory will be so powerful it will allow scientists to see some 13 billion light years away and get a glimpse into the early years of the universe.
TOPICS
technology (general)
The Centre has agreed to spend Rs. 1299.8 crores over the next decade for the development of the Thirty Metre Telescope (TMT) in Hawaii.
On Tuesday, Union Minister for Science and Technology Harsh Vardhan signed a multilateral agreement admitting India‘s participation in the development of the Thirty Metre Telescope (TMT) in Hawaii.
This project was rapidly cleared by the Union Cabinet and India has agreed to spend Rs. 1299.8 crores over the next decade for this project. Besides learning about the universe, India will gain the technology to manufacture fine aspherical mirror segments from the California Institute of Technology (Caltech). This technology, say experts, will form the basis of the next generation of spy satellites.
TMT will contain 492 hexagonal mirror segments of 82 different kinds. These will behave like a single mirror with an aperture of 30 metre diameter. This large collecting area of 650 square metres is thrice as sensitive as the Hubble Space Telescope. India’s role will primarily be to create the control systems and software that keep the mirrors aligned and collects the data.
The control system is an intricate process involving edge sensors—that detect the mutual displacement of mirrors, actuators to correct their alignment, and the segment support assembly. These will be manufactured by General Optics (Asia) in Puducherry, Avasarala Technolgies and Godrej in Bengaluru respectively.
GC Anupama of Indian Institute of Astrophysics explained that India will also manufacture 100 aspherical mirror segments in Hoskote, near Bengaluru. “These thin glass slabs made in Japan have minimal expansion when heated. We will apply a protective layer and a reflective coating using technology from Caltech,” she told the Hindu.
“Initially we will start off by producing two a year and after the technology transfer is complete we will make one every fortnight,” she added. The telescope is expected to be completed by 2024.
The James Webb Space Telescope, to be launched in 2018 by the US, with European and Canadian collaboration, also uses segmented mirrors. These are being designed to deploy and form a mirror after being delivered into its orbit.
AN Ramaprakash, India Co-Chair of TMT explained that telescopes when turned towards the earth are spy satellites. “They can resolve structures up to the size of man walking on the Earth. Segmented mirrors are the next generation in telescope technology and gaining this expertise is a huge leap for us,” he told this paper.
Institutions from the United States of America, Canada, Japan and China are also participating in the construction of the world’s largest telescope on Mount Mauna Kea. This telescope, 4207 metres above sea level, may cost more than 1.47 billion US dollars. Through it we hope to find answers to fundamental questions about the universe. These include, how and when the first galaxies were formed, does life exist outside the Earth, the constitution of black holes and the nature of the universe’s acceleration.
India’s Departments of Science and Technology and Atomic Energy are funding the project in which IIA, Bangalore, Aryabhatta Research Institute of Observational Sciences (ARIES), Nainital and Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics (IUCAA), Pune will participate.

Picture of confidenceUpdated: December 4, 2014 09:22 IST
Picture of confidence
celebrity
Actress Khushboo on multi-tasking, women's empowerment and her political outlook
Actor Khushboo is a versatile actor, film producer and politician who dons all her avatars with in her signature style.
Khushboo was in the city to attend the valedictory function of the National Conference on Women Police. Later in the day, she interacted with members of CII’s Indian Women Network (IWN).
Khushboo confesses that she is a self-taught person. She jokes about how on the sets of Raja Nanna Raja, her first film in South India, actors Venkatesh and Nagarjuna, who at that time had just returned from the United States after completing their studies, with American degrees had helped her polish her English accent.
The mother of two daughters, Avanthika and Anandita, 44-year-old Khushboo shares her insights on women power. Excerpts:
Your jewellery, hairstyle and saris make a fashion statement. The secret behind your style…
(Smiles) No secrets! As you grow older, after many fashion flops, make-up flaws…,you realise what are the problems and evolve. This maturity over the years has helped me realise what suits me the best.
Your recipe for a harmonious work-life balance…
Priority is the key factor for a woman to balance home and career. A career is important, however, when children come into the picture, its important to give them time and care. My day starts at 5 a.m., right from cooking and packing lunch for the children and seeing them off to school. They are different, like chalk and cheese, and that means making two varieties of lunch for the two of them.
I don’t work on Sundays and ensure not to take work home or have official meetings there when kids are at home.
As a star wife (her husband is filmmaker Sundar C.) and mom, how do you handle this fame with your daughters?
Until last year, I used to drop and pick them up from school. Sundar and I make it a point to be around for their birthdays, school founder’s day and like to see them perform and encourage their interests. They know that although appa and amma are celebrities they always have quality time for us. All awards and citations remain in the office and home space is for family bonding!
Since Sundar travels for shoots, I don’t travel much and try to take holidays only during the kids’ school holidays. And sometimes when Sundar can’t make it, then the girls and I go for getaways and have a great time (laughs).
Role of women in transforming social and economic landscape of the State…
To begin with, it is important for women to start economic planning at an early age. This would help in curbing dowry abuse and so on, which are, many a time, an outcome of lack of economic independence. Education is must for a girl and her family. When she’s financially stable, she can take life’s lows and highs in her stride.
Being very versatile in playing different roles in their families, women can make transformational changes in society and economy and in understanding scenarios and its impact on people.
The power of cinema and stardom on the mindset of the people and its role in empowering women
Films are fictional and for entertainment. I think an artiste’s image off screen is equally important in the perception of women empowerment.
Being an entrepreneur, what do you think are the hurdles new women entrepreneurs are facing today?
First of all, they need to swim against the tide. It is important to face failures to be strong. One needs to enjoy one’s downs and ups to be confident. Above all, family support and a good family support system are essential for women entrepreneurs.
In what ways can an empowered woman like you pass on your strengths in adding value to other people’s lives, especially women…
I think its difficult to quantify this but I suppose I am able to make a difference by voicing my opinion. I recently tweeted about the sadistic act of speeding behind ambulances while it makes way through the traffic. Many bikers wrote back for having given them food for thought.
You have acted in many Malayalam films with some of the superstars in the industry and have visited Kerala for different functions. What is your connect with Kerala?
Kerala. The word itself makes me smile! It’s truly God’s own country. Pristine and beautiful! The wonderful soil and the lush green here after the monsoons make it out the world! And I love appams and mutton stew.
You have been revered like a deity…
(Laughs) I don’t understand that. Each time I hear this I look into the mirror and ask, why?
Having joined a political party recently, your thoughts on women’s role in redefining the idea of nationalism in today’s times…
Women can redraw the political landscape with dynamism. In every spectrum of work, be it technology, police force or legislature, women should be involved. With their hard work and determination, they can certainly make a mark by serving the nation. They should pursue their dreams with a vision. More women have to come forward and be willing to take up the challenge of governance.
(Maithri Anand is an office-bearer of the local chapter of IWN)

Osborne dons populist garb for electionOsborne dons populist armour for election campaign
George Parker and Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f8d76c4-7b05-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Navy investigating if female officers were secretly recorded on submarineBy Dan Lamothe December 3 Follow @danlamothe
The Ohio-class ballistic-missile submarine USS Wyoming approaches Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay, Ga. (Photo by Lt. Rebecca Rebarich/ U.S. Navy)
The Navy is investigating reports that some of the first women ever assigned to a Navy submarine were secretly recorded on video while showering, a Navy official said.
The incidents allegedly occurred on the USS Wyoming, an Ohio-class ballistic missile submarine that is based in Kings Bay, Ga. The Navy first learned of the allegations last month, and launched an investigation along with the Naval Criminal Investigative Service, the official said.
Navy Lt. Leslie Hubbell, a service spokeswoman, declined to specify what happened, citing the ongoing investigation. The Navy was notified of possible criminal behavior on board the Wyoming, she said. Another Navy official confirmed it involves allegations that women were recorded on the Wyoming in various states of undress.
“If the allegations prove to be factual, the Navy will ensure individuals involved are held accountable for their actions,” Hubbell said.
The investigation, first reported by the independent Navy Times , centers on a 24-year-old enlisted sailor on the submarine. The videos are believed to show at least three female officers while showering or undressing, and had been recorded over more than a year, Navy Times reported, citing a source who had spoken to one of the alleged victims.
The allegation is a troubling development in the integration of women into new jobs in the military. Female officers were first assigned to submarines in late 2011, with the Wyoming among the first involved. In addition to the Wyoming, women now serve on at least six other submarines. Enlisted female sailors are still not allowed to do so, but the service is aiming to integrate them by 2020 .
Women are expected to be integrated on fast-attack submarines for the first time in January, when female officers are assigned to the USS Virginia and USS Minnesota. Since the Navy lifted a prohibition on women serving on submarines in April 2010, at least 43 women have done so, service officials said in October .
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Cable news outlets come out of the gate united on Eric Garner caseBy Erik Wemple December 3 Follow @ErikWemple
A woman wears a t-shirt with a photo of Eric Garner while people gather at a makeshift memorial on Staten Island. (Eduardo Munoz/Reuters)
Media coverage of Ferguson, Mo., reflected divisions within the country: Conservative outlets expressed skepticism over the case against Officer Darren Wilson’s actions in the Aug. 9 death of unarmed 18-year-old Michael Brown; left-leaning outlets, meanwhile, emphasized the complaints of African Americans that the police routinely mistreat them in their own neighborhoods. The chasm in tone and emphasis started shortly after the killing and extended all the way through the pre-Thanksgiving decision by a St. Louis County grand jury not to indict Wilson.
Today was another big-news day on the policing front, as a grand jury on Staten Island found no reasonable cause to vote an indictment  against a white police officer who’d placed Eric Garner, a black man, in an apparent chokehold in July; Garner later died.
Cable news outlets, an unruly trio that almost never agrees on anything, found quite a bit of common ground:
On CNN earlier today, legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin carefully noted that the decision was “surprising” given that this was a “very minor” alleged crime . “Given the facts that were available and given the fact that Eric Garner, who did very little wrong, if anything wrong…wound up dying, it’s surprising.” In a separate conversation, legal analyst Sunny Hostin told host Brooke Baldwin, “I don’t know if I can even put my legal hat on because I’m just so stunned by this.” She later engaged in a heated debate with fellow panelist Tara Setmayer of The Blaze over the level of deference to accord the grand jury .
On MSNBC, Ari Melber on “The Cycle” interviewed Clay Risen of the New York Times, who said, “I honestly almost don’t know what to say — it seems so clear … the public is unwilling or uninterested in questioning police judgment.” Moments ago, on his show “Politics Nation,” the Rev. Al Sharpton, said, “Today’s decision raises deep and painful questions about justice in America.”
On Fox News, legal eagle-cum-anchor Greta Van Susteren expressed deep skepticism about the no-indictment in a discussion with the members of excellent roundtable show “The Five.” “This man was unarmed, he was selling cigarettes — I mean this wasn’t robbery, he was selling cigarettes — you have several cops … standing around him and when he said, ‘I can’t breathe,’ that would have been a great invitation to stop. … We don’t do the death penalty for selling cigarettes illegally on the streets,” Van Susteren said. Kimberly Guilfoyle, a member of “The Five” cast, stressed how “disproportionate” was the police force in light of Garner’s behavior.
History!
Huge crowds of demonstrators in New York City and Washington, D.C. protest the Eric Garner case for the second night in a row on Thursday. (Reuters)
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

U.S. walks awkward line on Iranian airstrikes against Islamic StateBy Dan Lamothe December 3 Follow @danlamothe
An F-4 Phantom fighter jets flies during an Army Day parade in the Iranian capital, Tehran. Iranian fighter jets struck Islamic State militants in eastern Iraq in recent days, the Pentagon said on Dec. 2. (BEHROUZ MEHRIBEHROUZ MEHRI/AFP/Getty Images)
Iranian fighter jets are now said to be bombing the Islamic State militant group in Iraq . It’s an escalation in Tehran’s presence there — and a development that has forced U.S. officials to walk a fine line while addressing it.
The latest example came Wednesday, when Secretary of State John F. Kerry was asked if he was aware of any Iranian airstrikes in Iraq, and whether he thought they were helpful in the fight against the militants. He declined to confirm whether any occurred and said Tehran and Washington are not coordinating military actions, a standing talking point for U.S. officials in recent days. But the secretary went a step further, saying Iranian airstrikes wouldn’t necessarily be a bad thing.
“I think it’s self-evident that if Iran is taking on ISIL in some particular place and it’s confined to taking on ISIL and it has an impact … the net effect is positive,” Kerry said, using one of the acronyms for the group. “But that’s not something that we’re coordinating. The Iraqis have the overall responsibility for their own ground and air operations, and what they choose to do is up to them.”
That’s a noteworthy reaction after decades in which Iran and the United States have been on the opposite of national security issues. From the Iranian hostage crisis that ended in 1981, to the support the U.S. gave Iraqi President Saddam Hussein in a war against Iran in the 1980s, to the ongoing tensions of Iran’s nuclear program, Washington and Tehran have long been at odds with one another.
White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the U.S. policy against cooperating militarily with Iran remains in place despite Iranian airstrikes in Iraq. (Reuters)
During the Iraq war, U.S. officials accused Tehran of supplying weapons to Shiite militia groups that attacked American troops. And in Afghanistan, Iran has exerted influence by providing support to Taliban insurgents fighting U.S. and coalition troops, while at the same time cultivating relationships in the Afghan central government, according to a 2011 analysis prepared by the Rand National Defense Research Institute for Marine Corps intelligence officials.
Iran spurned an American request for cooperation against the Islamic State in September, with its supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, calling the coalition formed “ empty, shallow & biased ” on Twitter. President Obama wrote a letter to Khamenei afterward to tell him Tehran and Washington had shared interests in Iraq, but Iran is believed to exert its military influence there on its own without any American involvement.
Several Iraqi military victories against the militants this fall have come with Iranian involvement, and the commander of Iran’s Quds force, Gen. Ghasem Soleimani, has paid a visit to Iraq, according to the Associated Press . Lebanon’s Hezbollah militia group — long backed by Iran — also may have been involved.
The Pentagon press secretary, Adm. John Kirby, said Tuesday that he had seen the media reports about Iran launching airstrikes on the Islamic State, and had no reason to doubt them. But he declined to take any position on them.
Department of Defense Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said on Tuesday the Pentagon has no evidence to contradict reports that Iran had launched air strikes against Islamic State militants in eastern Iraq but would not confirm those reports. (AP)
“Our message to Iran is the same today as it was when it started, and as it is to any neighbor in the region that is involved in the anti-ISIL activities,” Kirby said. “And that’s that we want nothing to be done that further inflames sectarian tensions in the country.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Earth-based telescope detects super-earth transitspace programme
Astronomers in Spain have detected the transit of a super-earth transiting across its star — 55 Cancri — using only ground-based detection systems. This detection is significant because it opens the door to ground-based remote sensing of astronomical bodies. Also, as the planet transits its star, observing it can give a clue as to what its atmosphere is made of, according to the lead author of the study, Ernest de Mooij of Queen’s University, Belfast, who was quoted in a Harvard Smithsonian Centre for Astrophysics release.
The detection was through the 2.5 metre Nordic Optical Telescope, in La Palma, Spain. Though moderately-sized by today’s standards, it is equipped with the best instruments. Developing ground-based telescopes such as this is important because it paves the way to interpreting the atmospheres of planets and detection of bio-signatures of Earth-like planets, according to the report which quotes co-author of the study, Mercedes Lopez-Morales of Harvard Smithsonian Centre for Astrophysics.
Super-earths are extrasolar planets that are bigger than the earth, but not as big as the gaseous giants in the solar system, for example, Uranus, which is 17 times as big as the earth. This particular planet, 55 Cancri e, belongs to the group orbiting around the sun-like star 55 Cancri, which is about 40 light years away from the earth. The star can be seen with the naked eye.
During its transit across the star, 55 Cancri e exoplanet blocks about 0.05 per cent of the light coming from the star. Based on the transit time, astronomers have estimated the size of the exoplanet to be around twice that of the earth.
Its proximity to its star makes 55 Cancri e’s surface as hot as 1,700 degree C. Thus, it is hostile to life as we know it. This exoplanet is the innermost of four planets orbiting the star. Dr de Mooij further noted that this detection assumes further significance because when upcoming missions such as space telescopes PLATO and TESS detect stars and planets, it can be followed up with instruments based on ground.

Wall Street  Strong Dollar Push Asian Stocks UpIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

World Cup probables to be picked on ThursdayUpdated: December 4, 2014 10:08 IST
World Cup probables to be picked on Thursday
PTI
Tweet
Reuters
The Cricket World Cup trophy is pictured in front of Sydney's Opera House. The Indian selectors will pick the probables for the ICC Cricket World Cup on Thursday.
It will be a day of reckoning for veterans as well as promising players like Harbhajan Singh, Axar Patel, Yuvraj Singh, Manish Pandey and Robin Uthappa when the selectors meet on Thursday.
TOPICS
World Cup Cricket
India’s 30 probables for the ICC World Cup to be played in Australia and New Zealand in February-March, 2015 will be selected at the Cricket Centre here on Thursday. The 10 full members of the ICC and four qualifiers — Scotland, Afghanistan, Ireland and the United Arab Emirates — are required to submit the names of the 30 probables to the ICC on or before December 7 and the 15-member team for the tournament on or before January 7, 2015.
The selectors probably began the process of identifying the players — assessing their skills, specifically for the conditions in Australia and New Zealand — from the five-match series against England that India won 3-1.
After the highly-satisfying series win in England, the selectors got a chance to try out a handful of players in the shortened series against the West Indies and the five-match series against Sri Lanka that India won 5-0.
The most important decision the selectors had to take was to play Rohit Sharma immediately after his fitness was known in the warm-up match against the West Indies. Rohit scored a record-breaking ODI score of 264 in the fourth match against Sri Lanka at Kolkata. Then left-arm spinner Axar Patel made the breakthrough by taking 13 wickets in the six matches he played against the West Indies and Sri Lanka.
Even though picking 30 probables may appear to be easy, the selectors will have a substantial number in the basket, especially with so many seamers likely to be in contention. It is to be seen whether the selectors will pick a left-arm seamer like Ashish Nehra who played all five matches in the North Zone one-day league and took seven wickets at 35.57, an experienced off-spinner in Harbhajan Singh and an all-rounder like Yuvraj Singh.
Players like Manish Pandey, Baba Aparajith and Sanju Samson are also in the basket. Virender Sehwag said on Tuesday that he was hopeful of finding a place in the probables.
The following played for India in ODIs since the tour of Bangladesh in June: Shikhar Dhawan, Ajinkya Rahane, Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ambati Rayudu, Robin Uthappa, Kedar Jadhav, Cheteshwar Pujara, Manoj Tiwary, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Wriddhiman Saha, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ishant Sharma, Umesh Yadav, Mohammad Shami, Varun Aaron, Stuart Binny, R. Vinay Kumar, Ishwar Pandey, Mohit Sharma, Dhawal Kulkarni, R. Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja, Amit Mishra, Karn Sharma, Parvez Rasool, and Axar Patel.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni One of the most successful captains in Indian cricket history. He has played 88 Tests and has scored 4808 runs at an average of 38.46 with 6 centuries. He is the wicket-keeper and has taken 243 catches apart from 37 stumpings.
Virat Kohli The vice-captain of Team India. He will be leading the side in the first Test against Australia in the absence of M.S. Dhoni starting on December 9, 2014. He has played 29 Tests and scored 1855 runs at an average of 39.46
Shikhar Dhawan The left-handed batsman made a swashbuckling debut against Australia. He has played 10 Tests and scored 656 runs at an average of 38.58
Murali Vijay The right-handed opening batsman had made good contributions in the recently concluded England tour. He has played 27 Tests and scored 1706 runs at an average of 36.29
K.L. Rahul The right-handed opener has made healthy contributions for Karnataka and South Zone. He has played 27 First-Class matches at an average of 51.21. He is making his debut series against the Australians
Suresh Raina Made a good debut in Test cricket, but was not selected for the Tests for his indifferent form. A match-winner in ODIs and T20s, he is returning to the Test team for the Australian tour. He has played 17 Tests, scored 768 runs at an average of 28.44
Wriddhiman Saha The second wicket-keeper of the team Wriddhiman Saha has played 2 Tests, scored 74 runs at an average of 18.50
Naman Ojha Naman Ojha is also making his Test debut for the Australian series. Ojha has played 103 First Class matches and has scored 7165 at an average of 43.42
Ravichandran Ashwin The off-spinner has proved he is a budding all-rounder. His role as a batsman in Tests has added strength to the Indian batting line-up. The off-spinner has played 21 Tests and scored 894 runs at an average of 38.86. Besides this, he has taken 107 wickets at an average of 28.65 with 7 for 103 being his best.
Karn Sharma Karn Sharma proved his worth in IPL matches. He is also a useful batsman down the order. In his 34 First class matches he has scored 1087 runs at an averag eof 25.88. Sharma also has taken 66 wickets at average of 28.87 with 8 for 97 being his best.
Ravindra Jadeja A useful all-rounder down the order, Jadeja has played 12 Tests, scored 364 runs at an average of 21.41. He has taken 45 wickets at an average of 30.37 with 6 for 138 being his best.
Bhuvneshwar Kumar A genial medium-pace bowler has proved his mettle in the recently concluded England tour. Besides taking wickets, he is also a useful batsman down the order. In 11 Tests, he has scored 343 runs at an average of 24.50. He has taken 28 wickets at an average of 30.25 with 6 for 82 being his best.
Mohammed Shami Shami, on his day is a match-winner. His bowling has been appreciated by one and all. In 9 Tests, he has taken 32 wickets at an average of 36.31 with 5 for 47 being his best.
Cheteshwar Pujara Pujara's debut was indeed an interesting tale. In his 24 innings, he has made 6 hundreds and 5 fifties with 206 being his highest. He had a mediocre tour against England. Pujara and Kohli are the ones who are expected to shoulder the middle-order for India against the Australians
Ajinkya Rahane Another good prospect for Team India, Rahane made healthy contributions against England and South Africa. In 10 Tests, he has scored 678 runs at an average of 39.88. Rahul Dravid describes him as the future of the Indian cricket
Rohit Sharma Another elegant batsman who can smash any opponents on his day. Despite having played 124 ODIs, he has played only 7 Tests, scored 489 runs at an average of 48.90
Ishant Sharma Ishant Sharma is the experienced bowler in this team. Who can forget his threatening bowling to Ricky Ponting when India toured Australia? In 58 Tests, he has taken 178 wickets at an average of 36.75 with 7 for 74 being his best.
Umesh Yadav Another paceman who is a match winner on his day. Umesh Yadav has played 9 Tests, took 32 wickets at an average of 32.50 with 5 for 93 being his best
Varun Aaron The injury-prone cricketer has proved his worth in the recent past for the Indian Team. He has played only 3 Tests, took only 8 wickets with 3 for 97 being his best. But the best is yet to come for Varun Aaron.

Radical changes to be made in electoral system: Sadananda GowdaBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:25 pm
Radical changes would be made in the electoral system but any decision would be taken only after the Law Commission submits its report on the matter, Law Minister Sadananda Gowda said in Lok Sabha on Thursday.
“The issue of electoral reforms in its entirety has been referred to the Law Commission of India for its examination and report,” he said during Question Hour.
On receipt of its report, “the matter will be further examined in consultation with the stakeholders and political parties,” he said.
Among the crucial issues “under active consideration” of the government was holding elections to Parliament and state assemblies together, he said, adding any decision would be taken only after discussion with all stakeholders.
Other crucial issues pertaining to electoral reforms being considered by the Law Commission include state funding of elections, communalism in politics, negative voting, preparation of electoral rolls and disclosure of criminal antecedents of candidates.
“At present, no proposal is under consideration of the government for mandatory voting in general elections,” Gowda said, adding that measures to curb money and muscle power in elections were also being examined by the Law Commission.
Reports of several commissions and committees on electoral reforms including those headed by V M Tarkunde and Indrajit Gupta were being considered by the law panel, he said.
He said the law panel’s recommendations on disqualification of candidates on framing of charges and filing of false affidavits were also “under examination of the government.”

BJP  Shiv Sena back together; Uddhav s party to get 12 ministersComments
After more than a month of bitter squabbling, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Thursday announced the Shiv Sena will join the Devendra Fadnavis government in Maharashtra, albeit without deputy chief minister's post and any of the key portfolios.
The partners for 25 years, who broke up just before the state assembly polls two months, were back together again citing common ideology, popular public sentiment and stable government as the primary reasons for the rapprochement.
"We were together for 25 years (before partings ways ahead of the assembly polls). The people's mandate is for us to get together for running the government. We honour the feeling of the people, workers of both Sena and BJP," said chief minister Fadnavis at a press conference addressed jointly by him and Sena leader Subhash Desai.
The names and portfolios are expected to be finalised by Thursday night. The BJP is also roping in allies who may be part of the oath ceremony on Friday or the expansion to be held in January.
Twelve ministers from the Sena, five of cabinet rank and seven ministers of state, will be inducted. 10 of them will be sworn in on Friday, along with 8-10 from the BJP.
"The number may increase or decrease. We also want small allies to get ministries," Fadnavis said.
Sena's Subhash Desai, who lead party's delegation at the press conference, said, "The BJP and Sena are again in power after 15 years. We will give a strong government."
The Uddhav Thackeray-led party will not get the deputy chief minister's post which it had been bargaining for all the while.
The two parties will form a coordination committee to work out modalities for alliance in the muncipality and panchayat levels.
The BJP managed to get the Sena on board and still kept its firm grip on the government. The Sena not only is seen content with politically less important portfolios, but also maintained silence over the issues such as separate Vidarbha statehood and the scrapping of the Jaitapur nuclear power plant, on which both the parties have contradictory views.
The first indications of a breakthrough came earlier this week when Fadnavis said that 80% of the alliance talks were completed and only a few things remained to be a sorted out.
The BJP and the Sena were allies for 25 years, but had parted ways over seat sharing ahead of the assembly polls held in October. The two were in power between 1995 and 1999. Then, the Sena had the CM with the BJP playing the junior partner.
Now the BJP is in dominant position with 121 MLAs and the Sena has just 63.
When the BJP emerged the single largest party but landed short of a majority, the Sena announced it will sit in the opposition.
The Sena also voted against BJP in the confidence motion, and when the Speaker declared that Fadnavis had won, joined the Congress in protest.
The induction of Sena will give the government a clear majority of 184 in a House of 288. The BJP has 121 MLAs while the Shiv Sena 63. The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, had announced outside support to the state government, which was sworn in on October 31.

Head-Institutional Research-Economist & Strategist Emkay Global Financial ServicesExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
Dhananjay Sinha is a Co-Head-Institutional Research-Economist & Strategist at Emkay Global Financial Services. A post graduate in Economics from Delhi School of Economics. He has more than 17 years experience as an Equity Strategist and Economist. Earlier, he was with Infosys as Head of Research, Deutsche Bank, Global Market Research where he managed a team of around 120 analysts for their Global Market research team. His last assignment was with Centrum Broking as Co Head Institutional Equity. He is extremely proficient in driving Sales, Sales Trading, Research and Operations teams.
ABOUT Dhananjay Sinha
Dhananjay Sinha is a Co-Head-Institutional Research-Economist & Strategist at Emkay Global Financial Services. A post graduate in Economics from Delhi School of Economics. He has more than 17 years experience as an Equity Strategist and Economist. Earlier, he was with Infosys as Head of Research, Deutsche Bank, Global Market Research where he managed a team of around 120 analysts for their Global Market research team. His last assignment was with Centrum Broking as Co Head Institutional Equi...

CTAs riding high on back of tumbling oilManaged futures funds ride high on back of tumbling oil price
Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/92133aa4-7b38-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Earlier problem on Metros Red LineComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

ECB keeps interest rates on holdDraghi looks to QE despite governing council split
Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/058c69b4-7bad-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoE keeps rates and policy on holdBank of England keeps rates and policy on hold
Emily Cadman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1263dc50-7ba6-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Give Rs 15 500 to Get Rs 5.50 crore  Scamsters Pose as Raghuram RajanYou are here: Home Industries
Give Rs 15,500 to Get Rs 5.50 crore, Scamsters Pose as Raghuram Rajan
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 04, 2014 18:15 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has alerted the public against scamsters who are using the name of its chief Raghuram Rajan to defraud them. In cases that have come to light, scamsters have been found luring victims into making a cash deposit of Rs 15,500 on the promise of bagging a winning amount of Rs 5.50 crore. The scamsters claimed that the 'lottery' amount is part of funds given to the RBI by the British government.
In an email, purportedly sent by Dr Rajan and ending with his "hearty congratulations" message, the victims were informed that their names were selected after the RBI chief's meeting with the United Nations General Secretary Ban Ki-Moon.
Asking the email to be kept confidential "for security reasons", the scamsters also provided name and details of a money transfer manager, with a purported employee ID card of an RBI Chief General Manager.
The RBI has said that such fictitious offers typically try to defraud the victims by using its name and are also being used as an attempt to get their personal and banking details.
After another fraud that recently came to light, the RBI recently cautioned the public that fraudsters were promising to issue credit cards in the name of the central bank. Explaining the modus operandi, RBI said that the victim is sent a credit card which allows money withdrawal up to a certain limit from a bank account. Having gained the confidence, the fraudster gets the victim to deposit a huge sum in the same account and once the money is deposited, the card stops working, the RBI added.
The RBI warned that such efforts are meant to defraud the victim and clarified that it does not carry out any business with an individual, whether through bank accounts, credit or debit cards, online banking or transfer of funds from abroad.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 17:24 (IST)

Govt considers harsh measures to curb fertiliser subsidyGovt considers harsh measures to curb fertiliser subsidy
Anindita Dey | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 06:22 PM IST
The fertiliser ministry has decided to embark upon some harsh measures to ensure reasonability of process of fertiliser in the country. The move comes from the fact that supply and consumption of fertiliser is one of biggest revenue burden on the country.
It has been made mandatory for the fertiliser companies to submit along with their subsidy claims, the cost data of their fertiliser products from 2012-13 onwards in prescribed format on six monthly basis. The Department has also appointed Cost. Accountants/ Firms on its own to scrutinise the said cost data.
In cases, where after scrutiny, unreasonableness of Maximum Retail Price (MRP) is established the subsidy would be restricted or denied even if the product is otherwise eligible for subsidy under NBS Scheme.
The primary criteria for assessing such unreasonableness is to study the correlation between the cost of production and MRP printed on the bags. In case where there is no correlation between the cost of production or acquisition and the MRP printed on the bags, subsidy payments to such companies will be stopped and enquiry will be done.
Besides, in proven case of abuse of subsidy mechanism, the Department of fertilisers, on the recommendation of Inter Ministerial Committee may exclude any grade/grades of fertilisers of a particular company or the fertiliser company itself from the NBS Scheme.
Under the fertiliser Control Order (FCO), the fertilisers companies are required to print the Maximum Retail Price (MRP) on each bag of fertiliser and no fertiliser company or dealer is supposed to sell or offer for sale any fertilisers at a price exceeding printed MRP.  Violation of this is punishable under Essential Commodities Act.
The State Governments are adequately empowered to take preventive/punitive actions for violation of any of the provisions of fertiliser Control Order (FCO) 1985 under Essential Commodities Act 1955. Overcharging is violation of EC Act.
According to officials, there is no scope under the NBS scheme for potash and phosphate ( P&K) fertilisers or New Pricing Scheme for Urea to claim huge subsidy indicating lower production. However, in respect of SSP manufactures, it has been made mandatory for minimum 50% capacity utilisation or 40,000.MT per annum of production to be eligible for subsidy under (NBS) scheme.
fertilisers are provided to farmers at subsidised rates irrespective of their category or land. However, the Government is already encouraging use of bio-fertilisers along with chemical fertilisers for increased productivity and balanced fertilization of soil.

No govt funding for Paradip petro complex  says Petroleum MinisterNo govt funding for Paradip petro complex, says Petroleum Minister
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Dec 04, 2014 09:46 PM IST
The government of India has not provided any funding for the proposed Petroleum, Chemicals and Petrochemicals Investment Region (PCPIR) at Paradip, according to a release issued by the petroleum and natural gas ministry.
“... as per information provided by Department of Chemicals and Petrochemicals, no budgetary support has been provided to Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL) for part financing the capital cost of PCPIR,” said the release quoting written reply by petroleum and natural gas minister, Dharmendra Pradhan in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.
IOCL’s upcoming crude oil refinery at Paradip holds the key to development of the PCPIR hub planned across 284 sq km in Kendrapara and Jagatsinghpur districts as it has been appointed as the anchor tenant for the complex.
The company recently laid foundation stone for development of a Rs 3,150 crore polypropylene unit in the PCPIR, the first such investment in the petro-complex by any firm. However, the investment announced by IOCL is like peanut when compared with Rs 2.8 lakh crore investment estimated for the hub.
To attract foreign player to the PCPIR, Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) is allowed upto 100 per cent of a project. But no separate fast track provisions are there for FDI proposals, the release said.
A special purpose vehicle (SPV) called Paradip Investment Region Development Ltd has been formed under state-owned Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd (Idco) to implement the project. It has engaged Singapore-based Jurong Consultants to carry out feasibility study and product profile study of the PCPIR.
The total infrastructural investment on the Odisha PCPIR has been pegged at Rs 13,634 crore. Out of this, the state government will contribute Rs 1,800 crore while the balance will come from the private players.
Launched in March 2007, PCPIR policy was envisaged to promote integrated manufacturing location for refinery, petrochemical crackers, and other downstream industries. The government till date has approved five PCPIRs — Dahej (Gujarat), Paradip (Odisha), Vishakhapatnam-Kakinada (Andhra Pradesh), Cuddalore-Nagapattinam (Tamil Nadu) and Bina (Madhya Pradesh).

19 dead as Russian forces storm ChechenbuildingsA publishing house building is seen in flames in the center of Grozny, Russia, early Thursday. (Source: AP)
Posted: December 4, 2014 7:09 pm
Security forces in the capital of Russia’s North Caucasus republic of Chechnya stormed two buildings, including a school, in fierce gun battles with militants early Thursday that left at least 19 dead, authorities said.
The fighting, which punctured the patina of stability ensured by years of heavy-handed rule by the Kremlin-appointed leader, erupted just hours before Russian President Vladimir Putin was to give his annual state of the nation address in Moscow.
In his address, Putin said he was confident that local Chechen forces were capable of dealing with the “rebels,” who he suggested were receiving support from abroad.
The National Anti-Terrorist Committee said militants traveling in three cars entered the republic’s capital, Grozny, at 1 a.m., killing three traffic police at a checkpoint, and then occupied the 10-story Press House in the center of the city. The federal agency said six gunmen were killed inside the building, which was gutted in a blazing fire that also spread to a nearby market.
More gunmen were later found in a nearby school and security forces were sent to “liquidate” them, the agency said. No students or teachers were in the school when it was seized by the militants, RIA Novosti quoted vice principal Islam Dzhabrailov as saying.
Russian state television showed video footage of security officers firing automatic weapons and grenade launchers at the three-story school, its windows left shattered and charred.
A firefighter walks through burned market pavilions in downtown Grozny, Russia. (Source: AP)
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov, who traveled to Moscow for Putin’s address in the Kremlin, told journalists afterward that the security operation was completed and his forces had killed at least nine militants.
The National Anti-Terrorist Committee said 10 officers were killed and 28 wounded in the fight against the militants, who it said were from a known group operating in the North Caucasus.
Kadyrov said the militants were connected to Doku Umarov, a Chechen and longtime leader of Islamic militants in the North Caucasus who died last year.
Although unrest is common across the largely Muslim region in southern Russia, forceful security measures adopted by Kadyrov spared Grozny significant violence for several years. The relative calm has allowed Putin to claim success in subduing the Islamic insurgency in Chechnya after years of war.
In October, however, a suicide bomber blew himself up outside a concert hall in Grozny, killing five policemen and wounding 12 others as the city celebrated Kadyrov’s birthday.
People walk past cars parked outside the burned publishing house in downtown Grozny. (Source: continued…

Nursery admission: Delhi govt moves High Court over quashing of pointssystemBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 7:08 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 7:43 pm
The city government on Thursday moved the Delhi High Court against its single judge order quashing the points system for nursery admission brought in by the Lieutenant Governor (LG) for private unaided schools here.
The single judge had passed order while disposing of two petitions by a committee and a forum representing the private schools which had challenged the LG’s December 18 and December 27 notifications of last year by which the points system was introduced.
Contending that the order passed by the single judge is “totally wrong”, “erroneous” and “against the law”, the Delhi government petition has said that verdict has not appreciated the correct legal position and scheme of Article 21 and Article 21-A besides laying undue emphasis on the right of schools.
“The judge erred to hold that if parents are given freedom to choose school, the good schools would attract more students and would expand and not-so-good schools would lose students,” the plea said.
It contended that there cannot be any discrimination, question of autonomy in the matter of admitting children around 3 years of age in nursery.
“The judge has failed to consider that education is a paramount consideration for the welfare of the society and in this, there are several participants…”Quash and set aside the impugned judgement dated November 28 with all consequential benefits and reliefs,” it pleaded to the court.
Earlier, an NGO had moved the High Court against the single judge order on the ground that the judge has erred in law in not appreciating the arguments that there is no question of schools’ autonomy in the matter of admissions of tiny tots.

Amit Shah says Cong used Madhu Koda to loot JharkhandBJP president Amit Shah on Thursday accused the Congress of using former chief minister Madhu Koda to loot Rs. 4,000 crore in Jharkhand.
 
Addressing four rallies ahead of the third phase of polling on December 9, the BJP leader also accused the Congress of dislodging BJP governments at the cost of development work.
 
Shah addressed the four rallies at Bermo in Bokaro, Nimdih in Saraikela-Kharswan and Sonhatu and Ormanjhi in Ranchi.
 
“Not Koda, but the Congress has scammed Jharkhand of Rs. 4000 crore,” said Shah addressing his first rally at Bermo, a Congress stronghold.
 
In 2009, Koda and several of his cabinet colleagues were booked separately by CBI and Enforcement Directorate (ED), respectively for amassing disproportionate assets and money laundering offences.
 
Shah also called former prime minister Manmohan Singh a ‘mauni baba’ (silent man) and Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi as ‘Rahul baba’.
 
The BJP president in Nimdih pitched for BJP candidate Sadhu Charam Mahato, contesting the elections from the Icchagarh assembly constituency.
 
Attacking JMM, Shah said, “The father-son duo (JMM chief Sibu Soren and CM son Hemant Soren) have crippled Jharkhand. I urge you to end the dynastic politics for development, like in the Centre where you removed the mother-son duo (Congress president Sonia Gandhi and son Rahul).”
 
In neighbouring Sonahatu, his third rally of the day, Shah campaigned with AJSU Party chief and ex-deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto, who is contesting elections from the Silli assembly constituency.
 
“The BJP-AJSU Party alliance is solely for the development of Jharkhand,” said Shah, adding that looting Jharkhand was a one-point agenda of the JMM and the Congress.
 
Releasing the AJSU’s report card, Mahto said, “The AJSU party had turned Silli into a model constituency. It was an example of development in a state striving for growth.”
 
In his last address at Ormanjhi, Shah drew comparisons between BJP ruled states and Jharkhand.
 
“Chhattisgarh, which was formed with Jharkhand, is now much ahead of the latter. If you give us majority I assure that Jharkhand would become the No 1 state of the country,” he said. 
 
In his speeches, Shah assured people that the Modi-government has decided spend all of the money from auctioning coal, estimated at Rs. 2.5 lakhs crore, for the state’s development.  
A security guard monitors proceedings as voters wait to cast their votes outside a polling station near Jharkhand capital Ranchi. (PTI file photo)

Super typhoon intensifies as it threatens PhilippinesSuper typhoon intensifies as it threatens Philippines
AFP
print
A super typhoon gained strength on Thursday as it tracked towards the Philippines, threatening more devastation for mostly poor communities where thousands of people have died in an annual tirade of mega-storms.
Weather forecasters warned Hagupit, already generating wind gusts of 240 kilometers an hour, would continue to intensify as it swept in from the Pacific Ocean, and likely hit eastern islands on Saturday.
"Let's prepare for everything," President Benigno Aquino told a nationally televised meeting of disaster agency chiefs, after hearing warnings of giant storm surges and house-destroying winds.
Authorities said Hagupit would likely hit or pass near areas yet to recover from Super Typhoon Haiyan, the most powerful storm ever recorded on land that killed or left missing more than 7,350 people in November last year.
In Tacloban, one of the cities worst-hit by Haiyan, some residents began evacuating from vulnerable coastal areas well ahead of Hagupit's expected arrival, while others emptied supermarket shelves of essential supplies.
"I survived Haiyan. I hope God will save me from Hagupit as well," 94-year-old grandmother Florentina Azcarga told AFP as her extended family of eight moved into a sports stadium in Tacloban.
Azcarga and her family left their home with a pot of rice and bags of clothes to join hundreds of others in the stadium who had evacuated ahead of official orders.
With Hagupit still 700 kilometers from the Philippines, weather forecasters were not able to say exactly where the storm would hit and the government was yet to issue mandatory evacuation directives.
But the storm has an enormous radius of 700 kilometers, meaning many millions of people are likely to be subjected to severe winds and intense rain.
Schools were closed and ships ordered to stay in port across the eastern Philippines today.
The US Navy's Joint Typhoon Warning Center said Hagupit would generate sustained winds of 305 kilometers an hour and gusts of 370 kilometers an hour about the time it was expected to make landfall.
This would make it nearly as powerful as Haiyan, which had sustained winds of 315 kilometers an hour when it crashed into the Philippines.
Philippine weather forecaster Pagasa predicted lower winds, but still warned of potential devastation.
Some islands in the central Philippines would likely be hit by storm surges at least one storey high, according to Pagasa.
During Haiyan, unexpected storm surges more than two-storeys high swept kilometers inland in some places, destroying schools and other buildings that were being used as evacuation centers.

Throwback Thursday: When Virginia Tech was an ACC championBy Chelsea Janes December 4 Follow @chelsea_janes
Four years ago today, Tyrod Taylor and the Hokies were ACC Champions. (Streeter Lecka/Getty Images)
It’s come to this for Virginia Tech fans: when “bowl eligible” is worth a vigorous high five, when the win that clinched that status followed a loss to Wake Forest, when reconsidering Frank Beamer’s status doesn’t mean trying to read his retirement-related thoughts, but rather deciding whether or not to force them. Hokies fans can’t escape that horrifying truth: there’s an ever-growing segment of the population that has never seen Virginia Tech win an Atlantic Coast Conference championship.
But Blacksburg, take heart: no one in that group is more than 4 years old.
Not so long ago, the Hokies stood atop of the ACC pile — four years ago today, Virginia Tech won the 2010 ACC championship with a 44-33 win over No. 20 Florida State. It was the Hokies third ACC title in four years, though technically they won three straight: 2009 champion Georgia Tech was forced to vacate its 2009 win after NCAA violations.
The most valuable player in that game, as it had been in Virginia Tech’s 2008 championship win over Boston College, was Tyrod Taylor — the Hampton, Va. native now with the Baltimore Ravens. Taylor completed 18 of 28 passes for 263 yards, threw for three touchdowns, and rushed for another in the 2010 championship game.
Future Hokies quarterback Logan Thomas was a redshirt freshman on that team. 2012 fifth-round pick Danny Coale tallied a career-high 143 receiving yards, an ACC Championship game record. Opposite Taylor, Florida State quarterback E.J. Manuel completed 23 of 31 passes for 288 yards.
That Virginia Tech bound looked doomed for mediocrity early on. The Hokies fell to No. 3 Boise State 33-30 in their season opener, a loss that nudged them into a downward spiral that ended with a 21-16 loss to James Madison at home — an unthinkable defeat at the hands of an FCS team.
Then the Hokies won 11 straight games before falling to No. 5 Stanford 40-12 in the Orange Bowl.
 

Spice launches Stellar 520n at Rs 6 999 onAmazon.inBy: Tech Desk | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 7:14 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 1:26 pm
Spice Mobiles has launched its Stellar MI 520n smartphone exclusively on Amazon today at a price of Rs 6,999. The phone runs on a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor and features a 5-inch HD IPS display  with OGS.
The Stellar MI 520n is 3G enabled and runs on the Android 4.4 KitKat OS. The Stellar 520n houses a n 8MP AF rear camera and a front-facing 2 MP camera. On the memory front, it comes with 1 GB RAM and 8 GB of internal storage which is expandable up to 32 GB through a micro SD card and is powered by a 2000 mAh battery.
Specs:
5-inch HD IPS display  with OGS
1.3 GHz quad-core processor

Crony capitalism finds its way into the Oxford dictionaryCrony capitalism finds its way into the Oxford dictionary
IANS
print
'Mamil' (middle-aged man in Lycra), 'silvertail' (a person who is socially prominent or who displays social aspirations) and 'crony capitalism' are among the 1,000 new words to be added to OxfordDictionaries.com, the free online dictionary, in its largest quarterly update so far. According to oxforddictionaries.com, 'crony capitalism' is an economic system characterised by close, mutually advantageous relationships between business leaders and government officials.
The entries by editors at Oxford Dictionaries reflect the influence of popular culture, or teenspeak, and include abbreviations such as 'IDC' (I don't care) and 'PMSL' (pissing myself laughing), The Guardian reported Thursday.
Words from gaming terminology include 'respawn' (a character in a video game who reappears after dying) and 'permadeath' (one who does not reappear).
OxfordDictionaries.com has extended its coverage of Australian English terms, a particularly rich source of slang.
In addition to silvertail, there is 'shiny bum' (office worker), 'ant's pants' (an outstandingly good person or thing), and 'sticker licker' (an issuer of parking fines).
"One of the special projects is more coverage of Australian words," Angus Stevenson, head of content development at Oxford Dictionaries, said.
"We will put in a lot of Australian vocabulary over the next year, it's so brilliant and lively."
International cuisine -- particularly Italian and Hispanic food -- provides several debuts: 'arancini' (stuffed balls of rice); 'cappellacci' (stuffed hat-shaped pasta); 'carne asada' (Mexican marinated beef typically served in strips or as a filling); and 'guanciale' (a type of Italian cured pork).
Finance and business have contributed several entries such as 'algorithmic trading' (automated stock exchange trading by computers); 'challenger bank' (a relatively small retail bank competing with big lenders); 'misery index' (an informal measure of an economy generated by adding together its rates of inflation and unemployment); and 'network marketing' (another term for pyramid selling).
New words, senses and phrases are added to OxfordDictionaries.com once editors have gathered enough independent evidence to be confident that they are in wide use.
Each month, Oxford Dictionaries collects examples of about 150 million words in use from sources around the world, adding them to its compilations.
The editors use this database to track and verify new and emerging word trends.

NSEL scam: ED attaches Rs 14.22cr assets of defaulting firmDec 04, 2014, 07.29 PM IST  | Source: PTI
NSEL scam: ED attaches Rs 14.22cr assets of defaulting firm
The Enforcement Directorate has attached assets worth 14.22 crore of a defaulting firm, accused in the Rs 5,600 crore National Spot Exchange Ltd scam case.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NSEL scam: ED attaches Rs 14.22cr assets of defaulting firm
The Enforcement Directorate has attached assets worth 14.22 crore of a defaulting firm, accused in the Rs 5,600 crore National Spot Exchange Ltd scam case.
Post your opinion here
 
The Enforcement Directorate has attached assets worth 14.22 crore of a defaulting firm, accused in the Rs 5,600 crore National Spot Exchange Ltd scam case.
"ED Mumbai attaches commercial property under PMLA in Ahmedabad worth Rs 14.22 crore of M/s N K Protein in NSEL scam," the investigating agency tweeted this morning. "We have attached some offices, valued at Rs 14.22 crore, of NK Proteins in a commercial complex in Ahmedabad," a top ED official in Mumbai said on condition of anonymity.
The firm's offices are located in 'Popular House' complex, situated on Ashram Road in the city. However, it is not clear whether the offices attached today are from the said building only.
When contacted, a top N K Proteins official said they are yet to receive the notice from ED. "Our legal department is looking into this issue. We are not aware whether these offices were attached by ED or not.
The situation will be clear only after our legal officers come back from Mumbai," the official, who did not want to be identified, said. ED's Mumbai unit had registered a criminal FIR in October last year in connection with the NSEL scam, in which 13,000 investors are believed hit by the payment crisis, to probe instances of money laundering.
NSEL, the country's only commodities spot exchange, went belly up on July 31 last year after the then UPA government ordered its shutdown for violation of norms. Following this, the exchange defaulted on its payment obligations.
NK Proteins, one of the top edible oil players of Gujarat, is allegedly the top NSEL borrower-defaulter, having obligations to the tune of Rs 970 crore. Earlier in August, ED had attached assets worth Rs 18.1 crore of N K Proteins in Mumbai, Noida, Ahmedabad and Palanpur in Gujarat under the criminal provisions of the PMLA.
RELATED NEWS

I honestly dont know what to say: Jon Stewart goes serious on Eric GarnerBy Abby Ohlheiser December 4 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Comedy Central
"I honestly don't know what to say. If comedy is tragedy plus time, I need more (expletive) time."
That was Jon Stewart's response to a Staten Island  grand jury decision not to indict the NYPD officer who placed Eric Garner in an apparent chokehold in the summer. The unarmed black man later died.
Stewart added at the opening of Wednesday's "Daily Show": "...but I would really settle for less (expletive) tragedy, to be honest with you."
"The Daily Show" host played it serious during the opening segment, comparing the Garner case to last week's Ferguson grand jury decision, which also resulted in no indictment for a white cop who killed an unarmed black man.
"None of the ambiguities that existed in the Ferguson case exist in the Staten Island case," Stewart said, "and yet the outcome is exactly the same."
Get More: Daily Show Full Episodes , Indecision Political Humor , The Daily Show on Facebook
The July confrontation between Garner and Officer Daniel Pantaleo was videotaped; the widely-circulated footage of Pantaleo holding Garner's neck in an apparent chokehold as the man repeatedly says, "I can't breathe," prompted outrage in New York and beyond. Garner died just weeks before officer Darren Wilson shot and killed Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo.
The Ferguson case, however, was not filmed. Prosecutors there presented conflicting witness accounts of the confrontation to the grand jury.
But Stewart said that in contrast to the Ferguson case, the Staten Island case appeared to be clear. "Here, there is is none of that [ambiguity]. The coroner called it homicide, the guy's not acting threatening, and we know that because we are (expletive) watching it. Someone taped it."
White House press secretary Josh Earnest, speaking at the daily briefing on Thursday, defended the notion that law enforcement body cameras might improve relations between police and the communities they serve. (AP)
"To look at the bright side, we're about to save ourselves a (expletive) of money on cop-camera vests," Stewart added of one of the Obama administration's proposed solutions to incidents like those in Ferguson and Staten Island. "I assume that the solution that they're proposing, if implemented, would look something like the Eric Garner case." 
"We are definitely not living in a post-racial society." Stewart added, "and I can imagine there are a lot of people out there wondering how much of a society we're living in at all."
"So that's our show!" the host joked, asking for a video segue back to comedy. The segment ends with some kittens being unspeakably adorable.
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Will the Justice Department expeditiously investigate Eric Garners death Michael BrownsBy Paul Cassell December 4
Yesterday, a Staten Island grand jury declined to indict a New York City police officer in the chokehold death of Eric Garner. Almost immediately,   Attorney General Eric Holder announced that the Justice Department would conduct an “independent, thorough, fair, and expeditious” federal civil rights investigation into Garner’s death.
Attorney General Eric Holder announced the opening of a federal civil rights investigation on Wednesday into the death of Eric Garner, who died after being placed in a chokehold by a police officer during an arrest. This comes after a Staten Island grand jury decided not to bring charges in the case. (AP)
I want to focus on the Attorney General’s promise that the Garner investigation will be “expeditious.”  Sadly, the Department’s track record in recent highly-publicized cases — i.e., the Michael Brown case and particularly the Trayvon Martin case — does not inspire confidence. We still have no decision from the department about whether it will file federal charges in these cases even after it appears that it has collected all significant evidence.  If the department were to quickly announce its findings on the Brown and Martin deaths — one way or the other — that help build confidence that federal civil rights investigations of other high-profile deaths, such as Garner’s, will actually reach a result.
FILE – In this Aug. 18, 2014 file photo, President Barack Obama meets with Attorney General Eric Holder regarding the fatal police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington.  (AP Photo/Charles Dharapak, File)
Turning first to the federal investigation in the Michael Brown case:  After Michael Brown was shot this year on August 9, the Justice Department quickly opened an investigation into whether Officer Darren Wilson violated federal civil rights statutes. On August 11, Holder released a statement saying that the shooting “deserves a fulsome review.”
On August 15, the Justice Department’s Civil Rights division released a statement that the investigation was an extremely high priority, explaining that “[o]ver the next several days, teams of FBI agents will be canvassing the neighborhood where the shooting took place to identify any individuals who may have information related to the shooting and have not yet come forward.”
According to media reports, 40 FBI agents descended on Ferguson to canvass the area and collect whatever evidence they could find.   Within ten days of the shooting, Holder said he had assigned the most experienced agents and prosecutors to the investigation. He reported that federal and state agents had interviewed hundreds of people and that federal medical examiners performed an independent autopsy, the third conducted in the killing.
Then, after that flurry of activity, for the next few months little was heard about the federal investigation. But the state investigation moved forward, with the grand jury hearing more than 70 hours of testimony from more than 60 witnesses.  The grand jury, of course, ultimately reached a conclusion ten days ago when it found insufficient evidence of a crime to support an indictment.
The night the state grand jury’s decision was released and the state investigation ended, Holder quickly stated that the federal investigation continued : “[T]he Justice Department’s investigation into the shooting of Michael Brown remains ongoing.  Even at this mature stage of the investigation, we have avoided prejudging any of the evidence.  And although federal civil rights law imposes a high legal bar in these types of cases, we have resisted forming premature conclusions.”
The question worth considering is when does drawing conclusions in a “mature” investigation switch from being premature to overdue?  Given the massive investment of federal resources more than three months ago in Ferguson — not to mention the thorough state grand jury investigation — it is hard to imagine that any significant evidence remains uncollected.  If the Justice Department has concluded that it lacks sufficient evidence to file federal charges against Officer Wilson, it would certainly be helpful to allaying criticisms of the state investigation if the department promptly released that conclusion.
Given the recency of the grand jury’s decision about the Michael Brown shooting, perhaps the department should get the benefit of the doubt as to why it has yet to announce its conclusion. But the department’s handling of the high-profile civil rights investigation into the Trayvon Martin shooting raises even more questions.
Some background on this case:  On February 26, 2012 , George Zimmerman shot and killed Trayvon Martin — another racially-charged killing in disputed circumstances about the need to act in self-defense.
 
FILE – In this April 12, 2012 file photo, George Zimmerman listens during a court hearing in Sanford, Fla.  (AP Photo/Orlando Sentinel, Gary W. Green, Pool, File)
The Sanford Police Department  investigated and turned over materials to the state attorney, apparently recommending no charges be filed.  But (among other pressures ) change.org put together a petition calling for Zimmerman’s arrest and the NAACP asked the Justice Department to get involved in the investigation.
On March 20, 2012, the Justice Department announced that the FBI would probe the death.  On April 2, 2012, Martin family attorney Ben Crump (who would later represent Michael Brown’s family) sent a letter to the Justice Department alleging improper interference by state prosecutors in the state criminal investigation.
Prosecutors quickly denounced the allegations and encouraged the Justice Department “to investigate and document” that no improper interference occurred.  A “special prosecutor” was also appointed in the case and filed state homicide charges against Zimmerman.
Several months later, materials were released showing that the homicide investigator in the case had told the FBI that he “believed that Zimmerman’s actions were not based on Martin’s skin color, rather based on his attire, the total circumstances of the encounter and the previous burglary suspects in the community.”
About a year later, after various delays, on June 10, 2013, Zimmerman’s trial began.  Following a lengthy trial, on July 13, 2013, the jury acquitted him.
Attorney General Eric Holder speaks at the Delta Sigma Thetas Social Action luncheon in Washington, Monday, July 15, 2013.  (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
Two days later,  Holder (in the speech depicted nearby) said the killing of Martin was a “tragic, unnecessary shooting” and that the 17-year-old’s death provides an opportunity for the nation to speak honestly about emotionally-charged issues. The attorney general said that Martin’s parents had suffered a pain that no parent should have to endure.
On November 19, 2013, the Post  interviewed Holder about the progress of the federal investigation into the Martin shooting.  Holder said that the investigation would be completed “relatively soon.”  He promised that the Justice Department would “put together a report that we can share with the American people, so that we simply don’t make an announcement, whatever it is.”
That was more than a year ago — and nothing has happened since.  The Post reported two months ago, on October 1, 2014, that the Martin investigation “technically remains open, but it is all but certain the department will close it,” according to various knowledgeable law enforcement officials.
Why has it taken the department two-and-a-half years — and two election cycles — to complete its investigation of the Martin shooting?  That case involved an interaction between just two people (Martin and Zimmerman), a tiny number of relevant witnesses, and just a few items of physical evidence.  The attorney general promised more than a year ago that the investigation and a full report to the public would be completed “relatively soon.”  And yet, the department has produced nothing, prompting speculation that it is delaying its announcement to avoid political disfavor in some quarters.
And now comes the Eric Garner case. With regard to substance, the facts are disturbing — and seemingly, in large part, recorded on video.  And with regard to procedure, unlike the Michael Brown grand jury, we don’t have transcripts of testimony to peruse to make an informed assessment about the fairness of the process. Questions abound.
Here’s where the Justice Department could perform a valuable service — by actually completing this civil rights investigation expeditiously.  To be sure, the proof required for a federal rights charge is demanding.
But if the Eric Garner facts are as clear cut as the video makes them out to be, there is no reason why the Justice Department can’t rapidly investigate the case and quickly announce what it finds. The Justice Department should live up to the attorney’s general’s promise yesterday to “expeditiously” announce its decision on whether charges are appropriate in the Eric Garner death … and in the Michael Brown and Trayvon Martin deaths.
Paul G. Cassell teaches criminal law, criminal procedure, and crime victims' rights at the S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah. He also served as a U.S. District Court Judge for the District of Utah from 2002 to 2007.

After Vijay exit  Ritu Mallya joins MCF board as directorRitu Mallya joins MCF board as director
BS Reporters | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 12:45 AM IST
Ritu Mallya, 69, the stepmother of Vijay Mallya, has joined the board of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers.
Vijay had to quit the board of MCF on Monday after banks advised the company it would be difficult for them to lend money to it with a “wilful defaulter” on board. Ritu Mallya is a Bengaluru-based lawyer and was married to late Vittal Mallya, the founder of the
UB group. Ritu, whose maiden name was Kailash Advani, ran a garments business at the time of her marriage to Vittal.
“The board of directors, under the articles of association, is authorised to appoint a director. Ritu Mallya has also given her consent for her appointment as director. She will continue to be director until the company’s next annual general meeting where the shareholders’ approval will be sought,” an MCF official said.
The company is in the middle of a takeover battle between Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers and Kolkata-based Adventz group.
Vijay’s resignation came after State Bank of India sent a communication to all companies where UB Group Chairman Vijay Mallya was a director, saying it would be difficult for the banks to lend fresh funds to the companies with the presence of a “wilful defaulter” on board.
This means Vijay, on the board of United Breweries and UBHL, will have to resign in the near future if these companies want to access bank funds.
Confirming a missive to various companies where Vijay was on board, a top State Bank of India official said this was not isolated action and was part of lenders’ action after the now-grounded Kingfisher Airlines defaulted on payments on dues worth Rs 7,000 crore.
Banks have been active in using legal forums for over a year and this step — sounding caution to companies where Vijay Mallya is on board — has been initiated in the past few months. Lenders would take adverse view of his presence on any board, the SBI official told Business Standard.

Twin boost to margins for tyre makersTwin boost to margins for tyre makers
Ram Prasad Sahu | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 10:49 PM IST
Stocks of tyre companies, on a roll for a year and a half on the back of falling prices of natural rubber (NR), could get a further boost from falling crude oil prices, down 40 per cent since June.
At 44 per cent, NR accounts for the lion's share of raw material costs for these companies, with most other inputs crude oil-linked. Among other key raw materials are nylon tyre cord fabric (19 per cent) and carbon black (12 per cent).
The steep fall in NR prices from a peak of Rs 240 a kg three years earlier to about Rs 120 a kg has had a favourable effect on tyre firms' margins, with most of them experiencing an expansion here of 500 basis points (bps) and above during this period.
Earnings, too, have grown and are expected to move up further. For example, Credit Suisse analysts estimate a one per cent fall in NR prices impacts Apollo Tyre's earnings by 1.8 per cent; a similar fall in crude oil derivatives will improve these by two per cent.
The other trigger would be growth in the replacement segment, 70 per cent of industry sales. This is expected to grow from the low single digit one of 2013-14 to eight to 10 per cent in the commercial vehicle (CV) and car replacement segments.
The key, however, will be pricing discipline. This has held so far, except for a few promotional schemes in the recent festive season. In this backdrop, the three top companies that stand to gain are MRF, Apollo and JK Tyre.
MRF
The country's largest tyre maker, it has a diversified presence across product segments. And, outgrown its peers over the past five years, improving its market share to 29 per cent in FY14 from 25 per cent in FY10. It’s higher margins are a result of a larger share of the replacement market to revenues (76 per cent) and a better product mix.
Analysts at Edel Invest Research believe it will be able to maintain a better margin profile on the back of scale, strong brand recall, higher pricing power and a better product mix. With the radialisation trend, they believe the share of the higher-margin truck and bus radials will double from the current 17 per cent to 33 per cent over the next two years.
The margin has improved from 8.4 per cent a couple of years earlier to 14.9 per cent. Given lower raw material prices and pick-up in volume growth to original equipment makers, they expect net profit to grow 20 per cent annually over the next three years. The company is also investing Rs 4,000 crore over three years to expand capacity, to sustain long-term growth.
Apollo Tyres
The key trigger on the operational front for Apollo is the upturn in the CV cycle, as the segment gets the company two-third of its India revenue. With strong year-on-year growth in medium and heavy CV volumes on a small base over the past few months, the company is well positioned to gain from a revival. Analysts at JPMorgan believe Apollo will grow in double-digits from here, driven by a recovery in the domestic business. India accounts for 65 per cent of its consolidated revenue. A fall in diesel prices, half the operating cost of a truck, will boost the profitability of fleet owners, thereby improving the demand for CVs.
While higher volumes and lower costs will boost margins, the key risk for the company is pricing pressure in its European operations. Given the nearly 500 bps higher margins for European operations, a worsening situation will impact profitability of the consolidated entity, though some of the pressure could be offset by lower prices.
JK Tyre
The company is the largest one in the truck and bus radial segment, with a 34 per cent share (Apollo is second largest, with 30 per cent) and gets about 80 per cent of its revenue from the CV space. Given the trend towards radialisation, with the operational efficiency and fuel savings of radial tyres, it is expected to gain the most from this. While radials form 30 per cent of truck and bus tyre sales for the sector, they are expected to move to 40 per cent in the medium term.
Ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciatio and amortisation) margins, which more than doubled over FY12-14, are expected to gain another 200 bps over the next two years, due to higher demand for truck and bus radials and increase in operating leverage. With the net debt-equity ratio reducing from 2.6 times in FY13 to 2.1 times currently and cash flow from operations expected to meet capital expenditure needs, analysts at ICICI Direct believe the net debt levels have peaked and a major Street concern is addressed. They expect the number to improve to 1.3 times by FY16.

Ford recalls 20k cargo vans due to loose pla...You are here: Home > Collections
Ford recalls about 20,000 cargo vans due to loose plastic panel
Reuters Dec 4, 2014, 07.54PM IST
Tags:
canada
(Dealers will remove and…)
DETROIT: Ford Motor Co said on Thursday it is recalling almost 20,000 Transit Connect cargo vans in the United States and its territories because of a potential loose plastic panel.
The No. 2 US automaker is recalling 19,825 vans from model year 2014 because an exterior plastic panel on the sliding doors may not stick properly, resulting in noise, water leaks, a loose panel, or a separation while the vehicle is in motion. That could increase the risk of an accident or injury.
Dealers will remove and reinstall the sliding door plastic panels using proper materials and procedures at no cost to the customer, Ford said.
The company is also recalling 728 Ford Mustang cars from model year 2015 in the United States and Canada for a potential fuel line leak. It said a fuel pressure sensor may have been installed incorrectly and may lead to leaks and possibly a fire.
Ford said it was not aware of any fires, accidents or injuries relating to either of the two issues.
The company said 712 of the cars equipped with 2.3-liter engines were sold in the United States and its territories and 16 were sold in Canada.
Dealers will replace the fuel supply tube assembly at no cost, Ford said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Justice Krishna Iyer passes awayUpdated: December 14, 2014 10:30 IST
Leaving a light, Justice Krishna Iyer passes away
K.C. Gopakumar
Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer used to spend his evenings with a walk along the banks of the Kochi backwaters. He has to his credit around 70 books, mostly on law, and four travelogues. Photo: The Hindu Archives
The Hindu
Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer, surrounded by children from Balasanghom with 100 roses at his residence in Kochi on November 15, 2014 in connection with his 100th birthday celebrations. Photo: Vipin Chandran
The Hindu
Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer (1915-2014)
SLIDESHOW
people
Eminent jurist and former Supreme Court judge, Justice V. R. Krishna Iyer, passed away at a private hospital in Kochi around 3.30 p.m. on Thursday. He died due to renal and cardiac failure, hospital sources said. He was hospitalised for a fortnight.
Justice Iyer, known for his forthright views, turned 100 recently. He was sworn in as the judge of the Supreme Court on July 17, 1973 and retired at the age of 65 on November14, 1980.
Born to a leading criminal lawyer V.V. Rama Ayyar in 1915 in Thalassery, Justice Iyer had his education at the Basel Mission School, Thalassery, Victoria College, Palakkad, Annamalai University and Madras Law College. After starting legal practice in 1937 under his father in the Thalassery courts, he used to appear for workers and peasants in several agrarian struggle-related cases in his early years of practice.
He became a member of the Madras Legislative Assembly in 1952. He held portfolios such as law, justice, home, irrigation, power, prisons, social welfare and inland navigation in the first Communist government in Kerala headed by E.M.S. Namboodiripad that came to power in 1957. He was instrumental in passing several pieces of people-oriented legislations during his tenure as minister in the Communist government.
He resumed his legal practice in August 1959 and threw himself into the legal profession after he lost the 1965 Assembly election. He was appointed a judge of the Kerala High Court on July 2, 1968. He was elevated as Judge of the Supreme Court on July 17, 1973, and retired on November, 14, 1980. He served as a Member of the Law Commission from 1971 to 1973.
His landmark judgments include the Shamser Singh case which interpreted the powers of the Cabinet vis-à-vis the President, Maneka Gandhi case which gave a new dimension to Article 21, Ratlam Municipality case, and Muthamma's case. He had pushed for reformative theory, in contrast to deterrence theory in the criminal justice system. He also received brickbats for granting conditional stay on the Allahabad High Court verdict declaring former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's election to the Lok Sabha void.
In 2002, Justice Iyer was part of the citizen's panel that inquired into the Gujarat riots along with retired justice P.B. Sawant and others. He was conferred with Padma Vibhushan in the 1999. He had unsuccessfully contested to the post of President against Congress nominee late R. Venkitaraman in 1987. He also headed the Kerala Law Reform Commission in 2009. He has to his credit around 70 books, mostly on law, and four travelogues. Wandering in Many Worlds is his autobiography. He has also authored a book in Tamil, Neethimandramum Samanvya Manithanum.
He has been actively involved in social and political life after his retirement, almost till a few weeks when ill-health and advancing age took their toll on him. His 100th birthday was celebrated in Kochi last month and a number of programmes were organised by members of the legal fraternity, citizenry and his friends and well-wishers to felicitate him. Justice Iyer's wife predeceased him. He is survived by two sons.
The body of Justice Iyer will be taken to the Rajiv Gandhi Indoor Stadium, Kadavanthra, on Friday, where members of the general public will be able to pay homage to the departed jurist, said M.G.Rajamanikyam, Ernakulam district collector. The funeral will take place at Ravipuram crematorium at 6 p.m. on Friday, he said.
Reactions:
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 4, 2014
My association with Justice Krishna Iyer was special. My mind goes back to our conversations & the insightful letters he would write to me.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 4, 2014
Sad to learn that centenarian Justice VR Krishna Iyer has passed away. Judge,minister,social reformer,human rights activist,great human. RIP
— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) December 4, 2014
Saddened by the demise of Justice VR Krishna Iyer. An iconic legal luminary, he dedicated his life in service of nation.May he rest in peace
— Anandiben Patel (@anandibenpatel) December 4, 2014
My deepest condolences on the passing away of eminent jurist Justice Krishna Iyer. His death is an immeasurable loss to our legal community.
— N Chandrababu Naidu (@ncbn) December 4, 2014
Saddened by demise of Justice Krishna Iyer. Recently, I hd visited him at his house, when he turned 100 yrs.Such souls take birth rarely.
— APJ Abdul Kalam (@APJAbdulKalam) December 4, 2014
We condole the sad demise of Justice V. R. Krishna Iyer. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family pic.twitter.com/SOF3tanpgI
— INC India (@INCIndia) December 4, 2014
Select articles by Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer
"The best judge will have nothing to hide and everything to discover without fear or favour." Read here
"A Bhopal tragedy of Hiroshima magnitude — I call it a ‘Bhoposhima' calamity caused by ‘gasassination.'" Read here
"A commission to select judges will be an improvement on the collegium only if its members are of the highest standing." Read here
"Why capital punishment should be given the death sentence." Read here
"Judges are the spinal cord of the rule of law, and the final interpreters of the Constitution. Their judgments govern social and economic justice. But oftentimes, as Frankfurter pointed out, their failings show up." Read here
On Justice Krishna Iyer
He spurned the lure of pelf and power and governmental patronage and became an unrivalled champion of social justice, constitutional values and the rule of law. He blossomed into an iconic and inspirational figure both nationally and internationally. Read here
Luminaries in the field of jurisprudence paid glowing tributes to the former Supreme Court judge V.R. Krishna Iyer at a seminar organised to celebrate the 100th birthday of the eminent jurist. Read here
Collection of letters by Justice V.R.Krishna Iyer released. Read here
V.R. Krishna Iyer, who is described as a legend in terms of his knowledge of law, was feted for his many trailblazing judgments that have earned him a place among world-renowned legal scholars. Read here

Revealed: The new Bond carSeven remarkable A-list adverts
The DB10 will be Daniel Craig's wheels in Bond's 24th big-screen outing, due in 2015, continuing 007's affiliation with Aston that helped make the DB5 so iconic.
We love a Bond flick, but needless to say it's the DB10 that's whet our appetites the most. It's described by Aston Martin as "a model developed specifically for the film and built in-house by the brand's design and engineering teams", and will be limited to a production run of 10 cars, three of which have so far been built.
But it's fair to say this is no pie-in-the-sky concept. It looks an entirely road-ready vehicle, and its Aston convention-matching name ought to be a deep hint that we're looking at a preview of the DB9's replacement. Aston itself says "the DB10 gives a glimpse to the future design direction for the next generation of Aston Martins".
The DB10 at its unveiling on 4 December in Buckinghamshire. (Dave M Benett/WireImage/Getty)
But an Aston insider tells us it more accurately points towards what we can expect from the next V8 Vantage. As such, a 4.7-litre eight-cylinder apparently sits beneath that svelte bonnet. The DB10's panels are crafted from carbon fibre, as it's the quickest material to work with.
Technical information and gadget details were spared from Spectre director Sam Mendes's unveil, perhaps unsurprisingly. So for now we can only pass comment on how the DB10 looks.
“Nice” would appear to be an understatement. It exhibits the tautness of the V8 melded with the longer profile of the DB9, but with much sharper creases and some perfectly housed alloy wheels.
While very recognisably an Aston, there are also inescapable shades of Jaguar F-type, particularly in side profile and around the DB10's hindquarters. Given the affiliation that designer Ian Callum has with both companies, that ought not to be a surprise. And given the F-type is a stonker , it's certainly not a bad parallel to draw.
A version of this story originally appeared on TopGear.com .
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Watch Live Summit on College Opportunitywatch live summit on college opportunity
Orion mission scrubbedorion mission scrubbed
Changing slow starts must come from within the roomBy Alex Prewitt December 4 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
RALEIGH, N.C. — Tuesday morning, during their pregame meetings before hosting the Vancouver Canucks, the Washington Capitals discussed urgency. “We had our butts handed to us in Toronto,” as Coach Barry Trotz described it, so they returned home and focused on fast starts. They wanted to move pucks fast through the zones and chip pucks with speed. They wanted to retrieve pucks quick from behind the net and pelt pucks toward the net. They wanted to avoid looking like they did.
“I thought we sat back,” Trotz said. “That’s what I was saying yesterday, it’s my responsibility to warn them, to prepare them, to try to motivate them, but really it’s got to come from within the room, so everyone’s on the same page.”
The overarching messages coming from the Capitals’ locker room this week were clear, as they enter a road-heavy December desperate to recover from two inconsistent months, trying to summon consistently strong starts. When Washington scores first this season, it has won nine of 12 games, the NHL’s fourth-best winning percentage. When trailing first, it has won one of 13, the NHL’s third-worst.
The opening 10 minutes Tuesday proved relatively inconsequential, inasmuch as sluggishness holds the status quo. Midway through the first period, the Capitals had mustered just two shots on Canucks goaltender Ryan Miller. Vancouver dictated the tempo, zipping through the zones with quick passes. Eventually, the Canucks broke through at even strength and carried a 1-0 lead into the second period. And when the Capitals trail entering the first intermission, they are 1-3-2.
“We got a little embarrassed in Toronto, we’re coming back home, let’s get our fans excited off the hop, not wait until we’re down a couple pucks and take it up and get mad and angry and urgency, if you will, and play with one of the best teams in the West,” Trotz said. “We dug ourselves a little hole in the first period.”
Trotz believed the Capitals acquitted themselves fine at even strength, undone by allowing three power play goals for the second straight game, but the slow start still stuck out. An already thin Verizon Center crowd was quiet as the engine sputtered and the players tried to find another gear.
“That’s not the fans’ fault,” goaltender Braden Holtby said. “That’s us. We need to find a way to give them something to get loud about in the first 10 minutes. That noise, that energy, that comes from our team. We’re not doing it right now. We know this building can be very hard to play in if we create that energy at the start of the game, throughout the game. That is something that isn’t as good now as it has been in the past and we have to change that.”
Said center Nicklas Backstrom: “I think our mindset has to be better. You got to be prepared to play a game right away. We’ve got to come out harder and we’ve got to be ready to play, especially at home. This is our barn. We’ve got to make sure we’re on top of these guys from the start. It shouldn’t be easy to play here, but first period was pretty easy.”
The Capitals have won just five of 13 at home this season, without much room to reverse the trend in December, since nine of their next 12 come away from D.C. But while their even-strength possession numbers while trailing are strong — 60.1 percent unblocked shot differential, second-best in the league per stats.hockeyanalysis.com – they can still focus on bucking those slow starts on the road, by moving pucks fast and forcing the pace.
“Those are things that make you look fast even if they aren’t actually fast,,” defenseman Karl Alzner said. “That helps. The games we’re doing that, it’s awesome. It’s fun to play. It’s easy to play when you’re doing it. The hard part is doing it all the time. We keep talking about it. You hope that’s going to click and it’s all going to fall into place. Yeah, it’s just weird. Some days you wake up and you feel like everything goes right. You react quick to things, and some days you just don’t. It’s being able to find out how to turn those days you don’t into those days you do.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Five things we learned about Jeff Bezos yesterdayFive Things We Learned About Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos From His Rare Public Appearance
December 3, 2014, 12:09 PM PST
Click to email this to a friend
Share:
Jeff Bezos made a rare public appearance on Tuesday, when Business Insider CEO Henry Blodget interviewed him onstage at the media company’s New York City conference ( Bezos is an investor in Business Insider ). It was an entertaining 45 minutes, with interesting revelations about Amazon’s succession plan (there is one!) and the Fire phone ( more are coming !). Here are five other things we learned about the Amazon CEO from the Blodget-Bezos bonanza.
Amazon’s definition of employee perks might be different from yours.
Blodget peppered Bezos with questions about why Amazon is “famously frugal” and doesn’t match the type of employee perks that other high-profile tech companies offer — there are no free lunches at Amazon cafeterias, for example, and the cash components of employee salaries are often well below those of top competitors.
Bezos argued that Amazon has its own “very significant benefits.” One is Amazon’s location in the city of Seattle, instead of a suburban campus. That allows 20 percent of employees to walk to work.
Then there are the food trucks. “We have an unbelievable food truck scene around our headquarters,” he said. “It’s out of control, actually.” Amazon also allows employees to bring their dogs to work. But the real showstopper may be office windows that open, Bezos said. You read that right.
“People, it turns out, really like fresh air,” he said. Take that, Google!
Bezos spends six hours a year meeting with investors.
Like other tech companies, Amazon has expressed little interest in accommodating Wall Street’s demands for care and feeding. In recent years, that has meant that Amazon has failed to generate anything more than a tiny profit. But it also means that Bezos doesn’t spend much time courting shareholders who aren’t on board with his vision. “We don’t meet with our biggest investors,” he said. “We meet with investors who have low portfolio turns.”
Amazon’s protracted and ugly public dispute with book publisher Hachette hasn’t changed Bezos’s mind.
Despite Amazon’s contract agreement with Hachette , Bezos’s tune hasn’t changed about the need for book prices to decrease. “It’s very difficult for incumbents who have a sweet thing to accept change,” he said.
Bezos thinks the media has been really kind to him and to Amazon. (He’s right!)
Blodget asked Bezos if he was surprised by the amount of vitriol directed at the company during the Hachette dispute.
“We’ve been treated extremely well by the press and the media, and certainly by customers,” Bezos said. “So I have no complaints. I think we’ve been treated way above average over time and I’m grateful for that.”
Bezos even had some mildly positive things to say about journalist Brad Stone’s book about Amazon , which Bezos’s wife ripped in a famous one-star review.
Stone, Bezos said, did a very good job of capturing the culture of Amazon during its early days. At the same time, he said the book gives him too much credit and does not do enough to acknowledge the roles of several employees he wouldn’t name. Of his wife’s review, he told Blodget there was no chance he would “sit up here onstage and tell you my wife is wrong.”
He doesn’t have maid-controlled drones doing the dishes at home.
“I do the dishes every night,” Bezos said. And, without any prompting, he offered this awkward follow-up: “I’m pretty convinced it’s the sexiest thing I do.”
Bezos also made a point to tell the audience that his eldest of four children, a 14-year-old son, was the last of his classmates to get a smartphone. But the younger Bezos seems to have a sense of humor. When the only other student in his class finally got a phone, he sent an email to his classmates saying, “And then there was one,” his dad told the audience.
If Papa Bezos is a good dad, we’re trusting he didn’t force the Fire phone on his son.

M3M eyes Rs 12 000 crore sales revenue from project on Sahara landM3M eyes Rs 12 000 crore sales revenue from project on Sahara land
ABB stock rises most on BSE on Rs 324 cr ordersABB stock rises most on BSE on Rs 324 cr orders
Why actual fuel de-control still does not exist in IndiaWhy actual fuel de-control still does not exist in India
RBIs big mobile banking pushRBIs big mobile banking push
4 IIT-Kanpur students turn down Rs 1 crore per annum offers4 IIT-Kanpur students turn down Rs 1 crore per annum offers
India clubbed with B desh  Uzbekistan  Syria in AFC U23 C shipIndia clubbed with B desh  Uzbekistan  Syria in AFC U23 C ship
Govt sets floor price for SAIL issue at Rs 83/shareGovt sets floor price for SAIL issue at Rs 83/share
Live  Mario Draghis press conferenceRemember me on this computer
Sign in

Kevin Washington sets agenda for YMCA s national...Chicago Tribune mmharris @chicagotribune.com
ChiConfidential UIC's vision for Obama library includes deck over Jane Byrne Interchange, but it's just an idea for now http://t.co/ntRzoBi7AA
Bringing Boston's lessons to Chicago
Josh Reynolds Photo/YMCA, HANDOUT
Kevin Washington, president and CEO of the YMCA in Boston, was recently named to lead the national organization in Chicago.
Kevin Washington, president and CEO of the YMCA in Boston, was recently named to lead the national organization in Chicago. (Josh Reynolds Photo/YMCA, HANDOUT)
Kevin Washington sets agenda for YMCA's national organization
YMCA national's first African-American CEO two goals: expand summer options for kids, help prevent diabetes.
Kevin Washington was the first African-American to lead the YMCA in Boston and Hartford, Conn. — and beginning in February, he will be the first to lead the Chicago-based national organization, known as the YMCA of the USA.
"Our diversity program is picking up steam," Washington dead-panned before bursting into laughter. "But seriously, there are others in the movement who are in CEO positions in Jacksonville; Washington, D.C.; Albany, N.Y.; San Francisco. So there are some of us across the country. It's about timing and opportunity coming together."
Washington, 60, a former chief operating officer of the YMCA of Metropolitan Chicago, likes data, having used market research in Boston to convince board members there to cut membership fees by an average of 11 percent.
Washington launched the strategy with a $300,000 advertising campaign, promising in an online video "More Muscle, Less Moola" and "More Flow, Less Dough." Each Y offered different prices, based on income, and Washington also slashed rates for young people across the board by expanding the definition of "young" to adults up to age 29.
Washington projected the price decrease would attract 10,000 new households to the Y; 20,000 signed up, he said. Overall revenue also went up.
0
"We used statistics to determine what communities could afford," he said.
Washington said a lack of performance data is a key reason the Y "has not gotten our fair share of philanthropic support." And he needs more of it to persuade wealthy families and foundations that the Y is more than a gym.
"I can sit here and tell you the Y helped me, but how do you know?" Washington asked. "We have to be able to demonstrate in graphics and metrics how the Y is changing people's lives. So as we look at our new achievement-gap program and our diabetes program, we have to be able to show in charts that we are making a significant difference."
The Y has been a part of Washington's life since age 10. Growing up in a rough South Philadelphia neighborhood, the Christian Street Y was seven blocks from his home. Among youth director Bill Morton's recruits, the Boston Globe reported earlier this month, was a kid named "Extension Cords" because of his long arms.
"If I wasn't at home during those years, I was at the Y," Washington said.
There was archery, swimming and, most appealing to Washington, competitive basketball. Rather than be out on the corners, he volunteered for Friday night church leagues, keeping score and sweeping up until he was old enough to play. He would win a basketball scholarship to Temple University.
After Washington graduated from Temple, Morton — who had risen to executive director of the Christian Street Y — hired him as his youth director. Washington has spent his entire career with the organization.
This should help explain why the YMCA of Greater Boston began offering free summer memberships — June to September — for all teens ages 13 to 17 and up to 19 if the student was still in high school.
"We have to translate great feelings into persuasive numbers," he says now. "I'd be hard-pressed to say that any Y could replicate what we did in Boston, but I think using data to make decisions around pricing and around programmatic support is what all of us should do."
He applied for the national job two days late, although he said he called ahead to make sure it was OK. His connection to the search was Christine Marcks, a former Hartford YMCA board member, who served there when Washington was CEO. She is now chairman of the national organization.
Boston's Y recorded about $67.5 million in annual revenue in 2013, whereas the national organization's annual revenue was $97.2 million in 2012, the most recent figures available. It is a federation of 2,700 branches, meaning each local is its own nonprofit with its own board and doesn't take direct orders from Chicago.
The national Y-USA staff numbers about 400 with about 125 to 150 working from headquarters on South Wacker Drive.
"We can do something significant for the health of this country, that's why I'm doing it," Washington said.
He said his focus will be on two programs.
The first is expanding a summer camp pilot program aimed at closing the achievement gap. Studies repeatedly have found poor students fall behind more affluent students most in the summer months when not in school.
The second initiative is diabetes prevention.
"We know we need to get people engaged in this process because 86 million are pre-diabetic and 5 percent weight loss will significantly impact this disease, which we know is a drain on the health system and is avoidable," he said. "And the national YMCA has been driving that process."

Filling factory jobs through temporary-staffing agencies the...12
Christopher Williams, an attorney representing Lucas and Davis, said he's noticed similar patterns of discrimination. He is involved in three employment discrimination lawsuits against several staffing agencies and three companies, including Ferrara.
In one case, Williams believes that more than 1,000 African-Americans seeking work through one staffing agency were blocked from jobs at a baking company at its request. The staffing agency, he claims in a federal lawsuit, "did not hire or refer virtually any African-American laborers for temporary positions."
Employment discrimination claims against private employment agencies, a category that includes staffing agencies, are on the rise, according to the Illinois Department of Human Rights. Such complaints doubled to 49 in fiscal 2013 from 2009, the state agency said.
Meanwhile, the quest to obtain permanent higher-paying jobs remains elusive for many people.
Businesses typically make permanent hires once they are confident with the economy, but they have not reached that point, said Richard Wahlquist, chief executive of the American Staffing Association, which represents 1,700 staffing agencies throughout the U.S. In the interim, staffing agencies prepare workers for permanent employment, he said.
"It's part of the tale of what happens coming out of a recession," Wahlquist said.
Workers say arguments commonly break out between staffing agency managers and African-Americans, who express their frustration and anger at Latinos being picked for jobs, sometimes even when African Americans are first in job lines. Worker advocate groups like the Chicago Workers' Collaborative offer workshops to help African-American and Latino workers focus on their similarities and to encourage them to work together.
Laborer Marcela Gallegos, 32, said comments she's heard while witnessing such arguments have caused her to worry about her safety.
"It's scary," Gallegos said.
Permanent workers tend to be trained by their employers. But the federal Department of Labor said many temporary employees are sent to factory jobs without proper training, which has led to injuries and deaths. A lawsuit in Cook County Circuit Court says Carlos Centeno Sr., 50, a temporary worker, wasn't adequately trained or protected in November 2011 when he was severely burned while using a cleaning solution of citric acid and hot water to clean a tank at Raani, a Bedford Park maker of health and beauty products. The solution, which was heated to more than 170 degrees, erupted from the tank, spraying and scalding Centeno who, according to the suit filed in 2012, wasn't provided protective gear including goggles and chemical-resistant gloves.
Afterward, Centeno, who suffered burns over 80 percent of his body, was kept at the factory for more than 30 minutes as a staffer filled out paperwork, the suit said. Centeno, a father of four, demanded an ambulance and his skin began peeling off, according to the suit. His managers did not wash him off in an available safety shower and also failed to call 911, the Labor Department said.
One of Centeno's co-workers drove him to a local occupational health clinic, according to the Labor Department. He died three weeks later.
The Department of Labor fined Raani $473,000, a penalty later settled for $300,000, for failing to seek emergency medical treatment.
"This was a terrible death of Carlos Centeno," said H. Patrick Morris, an attorney representing Raani.
Morris said the family has or will be paid an amount based on a workers' compensation claim filed in connection with the death. But Morris said the family should not be entitled to receive additional money based on the lawsuit, calling that an attempt to receive double recovery for the same injury.
Centeno was sent to Raani by Ron's Staffing Services, which wasn't named in the lawsuit. In a filing, Ron's Staffing said it didn't provide training to Centeno. Ron's Staffing said training was left to the company.
Payroll documents filed with the court show Centeno was paid minimum wages, grossing $340 for a 40-hour week. He is not unlike other workers desperate for temporary work. Many line up as early as 4:30 a.m. at spots on the city's Southwest Side and surrounding suburbs. Vans collect laborers and transport them to temporary factory jobs.
Maurice Massey, 37, said the waiting for jobs and the disappointments never end.

Macy s Thanksgiving Day Parade: 9 Hotels on the RouteIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Japan setback will not be the end of AbenomicsJapan setback will not be the end of Abenomics
PM must not let election distract from inflation push
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34a76ece-7176-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Abenomics fuels inequality debateAbenomics fuels Japanese debate on widening inequality
Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a6ec44a-7169-11e4-818e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MindRush 2014 gives insight into India Inc s futureThe Business Today MindRush 2014 is being held at The Oberoi, New Delhi. More than 300 CXOs are participating for two days in stimulating sessions that will be a combination of discussions, brainstorming, spirituality, relaxation and entertainment.
PHOTO: Shekhar Ghosh

WHO to Ebola Survivors: Abstain From Sex for 3 Monthswho to ebola survivors: abstain from sex for 3 months
Amazon Releases Thousands Of RobotsAmazon Releasing 15,000 Robots In Its Warehouses
 |  By                                                                      By BRANDON BAILEY
reddit
TRACY, California (AP) — A year ago, Amazon.com workers like 34-year-old Rejinaldo Rosales hiked miles of aisles each shift to "pick" each item a customer ordered and prepare it for shipping.
Now the e-commerce giant boasts that it has boosted efficiency — and given workers' legs a break — by deploying more than 15,000 wheeled robots to crisscross the floors of its biggest warehouses and deliver stacks of toys, books and other products to employees.
"We pick two to three times faster than we used to," Rosales said during a short break from sorting merchandise into bins at Amazon's massive distribution center in Tracy, California, about 60 miles east of San Francisco. "It's made the job a lot easier."
Amazon.com Inc., which faces its single biggest day of online shopping on Monday, has invested heavily this year in upgrading and expanding its distribution network, adding new technology, opening more shipping centers and hiring 80,000 seasonal workers to meet the coming onslaught of holiday orders. Amazon says it processed orders for 36.8 million items on the Monday after Thanksgiving last year, and it's expecting "Cyber Monday" to be even busier this year.
CEO Jeff Bezos vows to one day deliver packages by drone, but that technology isn't ready yet. Even so, Amazon doesn't want a repeat of last year, when some customers were disappointed by late deliveries attributed to Midwestern ice storms and last-minute shipping snarls at both UPS and FedEx. Meanwhile, the company is facing tough competition from rivals like Google and eBay, and traditional retailers are offering more online services.
Amazon has forecast revenue of $27.3 billion to $30.3 billion for the holiday quarter, up 18 percent from last year but less than Wall Street had expected. However, Amazon has invested billions of dollars in its shipping network and its reliability is a big selling point to customers, Piper Jaffray investment analyst Gene Munster wrote in a note to clients Friday. He thinks Amazon's forecast is conservative.
The Seattle-based company now has 109 shipping centers around the globe. The Tracy facility is one of 10 in which Amazon has deployed the robots, using technology acquired when the company bought robot-maker Kiva Systems Inc. in 2012, said Dave Clark, Amazon's senior vice president for operations, who gave reporters a tour on Sunday.
More than 1,500 full-time employees work at the Tracy center, which has 1.2 million square feet of space — the equivalent of 28 football fields. They are joined by about 3,000 robots, gliding swiftly and quietly around the warehouse. The robots navigate by scanning coded stickers on the floor, following digital commands that are beamed wirelessly from a central computer.
Each of the squat orange machines can slide under and then lift a stack of shelves that's four feet wide and holds up to 750 pounds of merchandise.  The system uses bar codes to track which items are on each shelf, so a robot can fetch the right shelves for each worker as orders come in.
Because the robots travel underneath, the shelves can be stacked closely together, which means the warehouse can hold more goods, Clark said. The Tracy center now holds about 20 million items, representing 3.5 million different products, from bottles of gourmet steak sauce to high-end audio headsets, books and video games. Clark said it can ship 700,000 items in a day, but will hold more and ship more by next year.
The robots will cut the Tracy center's operating costs by 20 percent, Clark said. But he was quick to assert they won't eliminate jobs.
"We're continuing to grow. Growth has always driven hiring," Clark said. The company has, in fact, increased its workforce by more than a third over the last year to 149,500 full-time employees. Clark said workers are needed for more complex tasks such as shelving, packing and checking for damaged items.
However, a 10,000-strong fleet of robots could help Amazon save $450 million to $900 million a year in labor expenses, Shawn Milne of Janney Capital Markets estimated in a report last summer. By allowing Amazon to store and ship more goods from each shipping center, the robots will likely reduce the number of new centers that Amazon will have to build and staff as it grows, Michael Pachter of Wedbush Securities said on Monday. He compared it to automakers' use of robots on their assembly lines, which has reduced the number of worker hours required to build a car.
The new robotic system takes the complexity of different tasks into account, rather than forcing employees to work at an inhuman pace, Clark added.
Rosales agrees. Though he works rapidly, he said the robots "actually adjust to your speed. If you're picking slower, they slow down."
More:

Best of the L.A. Auto Show: Editors  Picks0
This 523-horsepower tank offers Vladimir Putin levels of comfort and amenities: heated, cooled, massaging seats that recline and include leg rests, leather, wood and chrome everywhere, individual climate control and hand-crafted, silver-plated champagne flutes. Budget at least $200,000.
Then there's the other new subdivision, Mercedes-AMG. It's showing the gorgeous AMG GT sports car powered by a 4.0-liter, twin-turbocharged V-8, paired with a seven-speed dual clutch gearbox. The two-seater will fetch $110,000 to $150,000. We drove it last week; it's worth that money, if you've got it.
Jaguar's expanding F-Type family
It started with a trio of lusty F-Type convertibles in 2013. A year later we got the coupe variants, which somehow managed to trump the roadster's carnality. Now Jaguar is broadening the car's appeal, adding all-wheel drive and a manual transmission to the mix.
The AWD system will be standard on the F-Type R and optional on the mid-level V-6 S. The manual gearbox will be available on the base V-6 and the mid-level V-6 S models. The six-speed unit replaces the eight-speed automatic, and does so at a $1,500 discount. It's the same manual transmission that Jaguar will use on its upcoming XE compact sedan.
These additions mean that with a single car, Jaguar can cover a wide swath of the sports car market. The base F-Type Coupe kicks things off for about $64,000 and includes the manual transmission and a 340-horsepower supercharged V-6. At the top of the range — and hitting dealers in the spring — will be the R Convertible. For about $105,000, it comes with a 550-horsepower supercharged V-8.
All this has put Jaguar, once on the brink of extinction, back in the company of Porsche, Mercedes and Aston Martin. And with the brand's rich history, it seems like a rightful place.
Audi's Prologue concept
How do you say "no-brainer" in German? This slick silver coupe is stealing the L.A. show, and it's not even confirmed for production. If it is, it'll be called the A9 and will land in 2017 or 2018.
Audi trotted out the concept to show off new design language it plans to incorporate throughout its lineup. We'll first see the A8, expected to begin selling in 2017, then the A6 and A7 siblings shortly after that.
The coupe is the work of Audi's new design chief, Marc Lichte, who's been at his post only since February. But in that short time, Lichte and his team have redefined what the next generation of Audis will look like. The interior is just as impressive, with several touch screens in the dashboard and a multilayer screen in the instrument panel that looks three-dimensional. It's a bold move by an automaker that says its customers expect nothing less.
Compiled by The Times' automotive staff.
Twitter: @latimesautos

Family finances: financial rules to live by0
KRUEGER: There are two in particular. The first is the tendency to choose smaller rewards in the near term at the expense of a larger long-term goal. That's partly why people save too little for the future. It's described in my book as being impatient, not forward-looking enough. Second, people, especially men, tend to be overconfident. This could lead to not diversifying investments enough or trading too much.
How can people avoid those mistakes?
It's hard to teach people to be rational. So it's important to teach habits. Instead of going through the steps of decision-making, people can adopt habits that automatically work for them. Or we can set defaults so that, without making a conscious choice, people do things in their best interest. Examples of defaults include automatically enrolling employees in 401(k) savings plans, or putting money in a target-date fund, in which the portfolio mix changes appropriately as people age.
Are there rules of thumb that can help?
Yes, that's what I mean by habits. We're asking a lot, teaching financial decision-making to 17-year-olds and then expecting them to remember and apply what they learned 15 to 20 years later. By contrast, you don't have to think about rules of thumb. Don't spend more than one-third of your budget on housing. Keep separate accounts for business and personal expenses. Buy insurance for costly things, such as health care or a car, but not for small risks that can be covered out of pocket. Put money aside for a rainy day. You don't need to know the formula for compound interest to know that if you start early, your savings grow more quickly.
What's the primary takeaway from your textbook?
That economics is a framework for making good decisions.
What resonates most with high school students?
They like the examples. There's the truly inspiring story of Oseola McCarty, a cleaning woman who worked hard every day of her life, lived within her means and put aside enough money to donate $150,000 to the University of Southern Mississippi so that other people wouldn't have to work as hard as she did. By contrast, William "Bud" Post won $16 million in the Pennsylvania lottery and died penniless. It just shows you that the decisions people make have enormous consequences.
(Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

HAL may build aero-engines with DRDO  BHELHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
HAL may build aero-engines with DRDO, BHEL
Anil URS
Tweet
Bengaluru, December 1:  
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) is contemplating developing aero-engines with the help of Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) and BHEL.
“A platform for collaborative promotion and development of new and emerging technologies in the field of aerospace is being prepared,” Dr R K Tyagi, Chairman HAL said.
The aero-engine needs are to be anchored around the technology roadmap of Indian Air Force (IAF).
Latest partnership
Dr Tyagi said, “IAF and HAL are conjoined twins and they will continue to complement each other in India’s Defence preparedness.”
Earlier, speaking at the Eighth LM Katre memorial lecture, organised jointly by Air Force Association, Karnataka Branch, HAL and Aeronautical Society of India, HAL Chairman said, “More than 70 per cent of manufacturing needs of IAF is done by HAL.”
“Our latest partnership is in projects like LCA and ALH,,” he added. Talking about HAL, Tyagi said technology is a game-changer and HAL is gearing up to emerge itself as technology driven company.
Research and development
“We have taken several measures on research and development (R&D) such as ensuring funds to the tune of 10 per cent of profits, registering patents (430 plus at present) to protect intellectual property,” he explained.
According to Tyagi, at HAL, a blue print is in place for creation of new divisions, modernisation and upgradation of the existing plants, providing increased thrust to indigenous technology development, productivity and quality improvements to meet the challenge.
Chief of the Air Staff and Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha who spoke on ‘National Security and Aerospace Power’ said that if the air-power characterised the military strength in the 20th century, the 21st century would be remembered for aerospace power.
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related

Chrysler auto sales jump 20.1% on Jeep  Ram modelsChrysler
Chrysler auto sales jump 20.1% on Jeep, Ram models
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles topped analyst estimates for November auto sales with a 20 percent increase, driven by Jeeps and Ram pickup trucks.
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles topped analyst estimates for November auto sales with a 20 percent increase, driven by Jeeps and Ram pickup trucks.

The House on Mulberry Street and Clues to Irish Rootsreddit
I've located my maternal great-grandparents, John and Margaret Ellen (Cunningham) Haffey in Wayne County, Ohio in the 1880 census. I'm trying to locate their births in Ireland. I have their death records, but they didn't list a specific Irish birthplace. I have found a record in the New York Emigrant Savings Bank for a John Haffey and James Cunningham; either could access the account. ~ Sandra H.
___________
Dear Sandra,
We've found that one of the strongest motivations for a person's desire to reconstruct their family's tree is the desire to discover where their ancestors once lived, especially before they migrated to the United States, whether that be in Europe, Africa, the Middle East, or Asia.  Finding the names of our ancestors, of course, is the necessary first step; but then finding where those ancestors hailed from can be just as exciting.
Why?  Because there's something deeply reassuring about being able to point to a map and say, "This is where my people came from." Geography "roots" or centers us in the world, just as surely as identifying the names of "our people" does.  But finding where our ancestors once lived can be quite a challenge, even when we know their names and birth or death dates.  And this is especially difficult with our Irish ancestors. We both have some personal experience with this since we both are descended from Irish ancestors.
Discovering an ancestor's elusive Irish birthplace really is a big deal for genealogists.  On what we might think of as "the scale of genealogical difficulty," tracing Irish roots is right there near the top of the list.  The search can be extraordinarily challenging, but the payoff can be so very exhilarating!  One key to solving this mystery is keeping people you are searching for in context.  What does that mean?  Well, who were your ancestor's neighbors, and who--according to records--did they keep associating with? Whose names keep popping up near theirs?  Taking account of the names of your ancestor's neighbors and friends can yield amazing results.
In 1880, John, Margaret, and their family were living in Pike Station, Wayne County, Ohio. The census shows that their daughter, Ella, was born in Ireland around 1860 and their son, Edward, was born in Ireland around 1862.  Daughter Maggie was born in New York around 1866, and children William, Mary A., John Jr., and Catherine were all born in Ohio.  Keeping the whole family in mind will be important as we move through the family's paper trail.
Emigrant Savings Bank
The Emigrant Savings Bank was founded in 1850 by the Irish Emigrant Society and became a safe place for Irish immigrants to save their money. They invented an ingenious system of using biographical information to tell the difference between people with the same names, such as the various James Cunninghams or John Haffeys, who kept accounts at the bank. (We would cringe because of privacy issues if anyone did this today, but it sure makes it handy for researching Irish ancestors!)
You were definitely on the right track exploring the records of the Emigrant Savings Bank, which can be a gold mine of data for tracing Irish ancestry. And in your case, we are pleased to say, you've struck gold!   It turns out that the bank had four accounts that stood out for John Haffey, each of which offered us more clues about your family's origins.
In 1862, a man named James Cunningham, "for John Haffey," opened account number 32881.  The bank's record for this account says that John was born in 1828 in County Donegal and was married to Margaret Cunningham, with two children Ella and Edward. (We should note that this birth year is off from the one recorded in the 1880 census, but it is consistent with that listed in the 1870 census. This often happens, so no worries about that!) Having John's wife's name and the name of their two children gives us confidence that this is the correct John Haffey; account 32881 was definitely opened by the John Haffey we're looking for.
What else can we learn from this bank record?  Well, the person named James Cunningham, who opened the account on behalf of John Haffey, was living at 233 Mulberry Street. This turns out to be a key piece of information. (Mulberry Street is located in the section of Manhattan known as "Little Italy" today.)
Back in 1855, James Cunningham of 233 Mulberry Street had opened account number 8691 "in trust for John Haffey."   Incredibly, this record is a treasure trove of information about John!  It states that John was from Minnarock [sic], in the parish of Killaghtee, County Donegal;  he arrived in the United States in September 1852 on a ship named [either?] "George Green" or "James Nesbith" from Liverpool; his father, Ned Haffey, is dead; his mother, Ellen Carr, is living in Ireland; and he's single.
A detail from the Emigrant Savings Bank Test Books at Ancestry.com showing biographical information about John Haffey.
James Cunningham of 233 Mulberry Street also opened account 10040 in 1855; it is noted that it is the same as account 8691. In 1857, John Haffey and P. Cunningham of 233 Mulberry Street opened account 15009; it, too, is the same as account 8691. So now we know that accounts 8691, 10040, and 15009 all pertain to the same people.
(Unfortunately, the record for account 32881 (the one where we're sure it's our John) doesn't state that it is the same as account 8691 (the one where we learn John's hometown and parents.) There's just an incomplete note "Is same as." (Would it have killed them to list the account number?!) But the fact that James Cunningham and/or John Haffey was living at 233 Mulberry Street in these four accounts is a strong indication that we are talking about the same people.)
Other Places to Explore
Okay, now that you have this information, where do you search next?  It's tempting to explore church records in "Minnarock" (probably Meenabrock) and grab onto any mention of John Haffey. You'll definitely want to explore those records, but you should get a fuller idea of your John Haffey's identify first, so you'll know if you have found the information about the right person.  Remember, just because a name is the same doesn't necessarily mean that the person whose records you're examining is the person you are searching for!
There are several other places that should be checked before crossing the pond to Ireland. Who are the Haffeys and Cunninghams living in the area around 233 Mulberry Street? City directories would give this information. Ancestry has several New York city directories for this time period. Search by surname, but also do a keyword search for "Mulberry," to find people living on Mulberry Street to recreate the neighborhood. You will want to do this for the 1850s through the late 1860s, when John and Margaret moved to Ohio.
You should also keep an eye out for the other passengers who arrived in this country on the same ship with John. We didn't find him in 1852, but we did find him in 1854 on the "James Nesmith" (not Nesbitt, as listed in the bank record), with an approximate birth year of 1829 (consistent with the bank record and the 1870 census).
Detail of the passenger list of the James Nesbit, arriving in New York 28 August 1854, showing John Haffy, age 25, a laborer from Ireland.
It's a good idea to focus on the areas where you know your ancestors were living, but also where they died. In this case, we know John and Margaret ended up in Ohio. According to Find A Grave , John, Margaret, and their daughter Catherine (Kathryn) are buried in St. Vincents Catholic Cemetery in Akron, Summit County, Ohio. The cemetery records could hold clues about John and Margaret's origins. Further, you should explore the records of St. Vincent Catholic Church. You should search for your ancestor's obituaries, both in "regular" newspapers and religious newspapers.
Baptismal records can be another source of useful information. People usually name relatives or close friends as their childrens' godparents. The baptism records for John and Margaret's children could hold clues. St. Mary of the Immaculate Conception Church in Wooster as well as St. Vincent in Akron would be good places to start looking.
It might come as a surprise to us today, but people "back in the day" typically didn't move all by themselves. Neighbors often turn out to be related. Who are the Irish neighbors around John and Margaret in 1870 and 1880? Who else lived on Mulberry Street in New York when John lived there?
Learning as much as you can about John and Margaret in Ohio and New York will help you to establish a better context for them when looking at possible records back in Ireland. Whether you're looking at records in Meenabrock or elsewhere in County Donegal, you will want to keep in mind the other people who you've identified as being associated with John and Margaret in the United States. Good luck!
Do you have a mystery in your own family tree? Or have you wondered what family history discoveries you could make with a DNA test? Send Henry Louis Gates, Jr and his team of Ancestry experts your question at ask@ancestry.com .
More:

Winning retail tradesWinning retail trades
Tuesday,  2 Dec 2014 | 10:18  AM ET
CNBC's Dominic Chu crunches the numbers in the retail universe and looks at the winners so far this holiday season.
SHARES

The leadership Ferguson needs nowBy Jena McGregor December 2 Follow @jenamcgregor
Two men joined demonstrators protesting the shooting death of Michael Brown on November 30, 2014 in St. Louis, Missouri. (Photo by Joshua Lott/Getty Images)
A week after the controversial  announcement that a grand jury decided not to indict police officer Darren Wilson in the fatal shooting of teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., many questions remain. Was Brown  charging Wilson or surrendering? How many civilians are really killed each year by police officers? How much change will actually be effected by President Obama's new law enforcement initiatives, unveiled Monday ?
Yet perhaps the chief unanswered question is, what kind of leadership will the region need as it tries to heal? In recent months, much has been made of the local leaders' failures. Gov. Jay Nixon, Ferguson Mayor James Knowles and Police Chief Thomas Jackson were sharply  criticized for their absence on the ground, and for the repeated missteps and bungled responses that undermined their coordination and their competence .
And now, as the area attempts to move forward, the leadership job before them will be even harder than managing the immediate crisis.
It will require overcoming the tendency for measures to lose their urgency. A  local commission intended to address the " social and economic conditions " highlighted by the Ferguson protests could bring needed changes, but only if its recommendations are taken seriously, deemed credible by the area's citizens and quickly acted upon. National initiatives, such as the ones proposed by President Obama on Monday, could take years to implement and have been called  relatively modest in scope.
And of course, fixing the systemic issues — generations of racial inequality, a dysfunctional local court system , distrust between police and local communities — that helped spark the unrest is a complex, monumental challenge that could take decades.
Still, there are some medium-term actions that may help improve collaboration and build residents' trust. Todd Swanstrom , a professor of public policy administration at the University of Missouri, St. Louis, says that local leaders could make some bold initial efforts to show they're serious about taking action. At moments like these, he says, leaders "need dramatic gestures that can capture public attention."
One such gesture, Swanstrom suggests, would be to completely annul the non-violent arrest warrants in St. Louis County. As The Washington Post's Radley Balko wrote a detailed piece , those warrants have contributed to the strained police relationship in the area and what one legal aid group founder called the "vortex of debt and despair." Such a move is already underway. The city of St. Louis automatically cancelled some 220,000 arrest warrants in early October, and 65 of the 81 municipal courts in St. Louis County, where Ferguson is located, have agreed to be part of a warrant forgiveness program during December.
However, in St. Louis County, people will still have to fork over $100 to make the warrants go away, a price Swanstrom says is too high for many of those affected. The way the system is set up, he adds, "is not about safety. It's about generating revenue."
Another such gesture would be for local officials to help fund and support more community development corporations or coalitions of the city's inner-ring suburbs, Swanstrom says. These small communities "are divided. Their voices are not heard. They're not even speaking, let alone shouting." The formation of such organizations could not only help coordinate responses and concentrate efforts on the problems facing these communities, it could also bolster the development of stronger local leaders.
Norman White , a professor of criminology and criminal justice at St. Louis University, agrees that the lack of regional coordination is an issue local leaders need to take on to demonstrate their sincerity. "The poverty, the inequality, the over-policing, the warrants — all that stuff is connected across the boundaries of many of these municipalities," he says.
Moreover, it has affected the area's ability to attract funding from national grants and nonprofit foundations, according to White. Proving the region is positioned to work together better could help bring in more resources. "[The 90 municipalities in St. Louis County] have political leaders who are always competing against each other for their little pieces of the pie," White says. What's needed is "the will, from a political standpoint, for elected leaders — particularly mayors of cities and county supervisors — to be willing to come together and sublimate their egos to work together toward some common solutions."
More effort at the state level, particularly in oversight and accountability of the state's police forces, is likely also needed. Charles Menifield , a professor of public administration at the University of Missouri in Columbia, says that the governor could do more to hold local police forces accountable for their hiring practices, to provide necessary diversity training and to assess their law enforcement tactics.
"It's just not acceptable for a community to be two-thirds African American and only have three African American police officers ," Menifield said. The governor, he suggests, should say as much —  and should then set a target goal for greater parity and a date for achieving it. (On Sunday, Ferguson Mayor James Knowles said the city would launch a scholarship program to recruit more black officers.)
Ultimately, one of the biggest leadership challenges for local officials will be to bridge the divisive public discourse, an area where they have already fallen far behind. In the aftermath of Ferguson, Swanstrom says, "what leadership would mean is to get out front of public opinion to pull people along to a more sophisticated understanding of the issue."
One of the chief tasks of the Ferguson Commission — a 16-member group of local lawyers, CEOs, police officials, educators and protestors that met for the first time Monday — will be to make real, tangible efforts at educating and building awareness. That's not only among police officers and local officials, Swanstrom notes, but with "the broad middle class on how it's implicated in these issues and why it must care."
Read also:
Like On Leadership ? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section.

How to play an oil snapbackHow to play an oil snapback
Tuesday,  2 Dec 2014 | 12:00  PM ET
CNBC.com Investing Editor John Melloy breaks down the data and reasoning behind which stocks could see a bounce if oil prices continue to rebound.
SHARES

No EMI relief as RBI guv keeps rates intactNo EMI relief as RBI guv keeps rates intact
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai/New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 11:07 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:29 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan dashed expectations of the government, consumers and business leaders as he kept lending rates unchanged on Tuesday despite plunging inflation and mounting pressure to ease borrowing costs to aid a revival.
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan laughs while replying to a question during a news conference after the bi-monthly monetary policy review in Mumbai on Tuesday. (Reuters)
Unchanged interest rates would imply your home loan EMIs, which eat away large chunks of household incomes, are unlikely to fall anytime soon.
High loan rates could influence people’s decision to buy houses, cars and other consumer goods, mostly bought through loans.
The benchmark lending rate has remained unchanged since January last year, demonstrating the RBI governor’s unwavering commitment to keep inflation firmly bottled up for longer period of time,  before softening of the rather hawkish stance.
Budding revival signs in the broader economy and falling inflation rates had rekindled hopes that the RBI would lower loan rates to assist companies’ investment plans, critical to spin jobs and multiply income.
Rajan retained the repo rate -- the rate at which banks borrow from RBI -- at 8%, and kept the cash reserve ratio (CRR)-- the proportion of deposits banks to have to park with the central bank -- at 4%, in the bi-month monetary policy review.
Retail inflation eased in to a three-year low of 5.52% in October, below the central bank's target of 6% by 2016.
India’s wholesale inflation rate -- the main gauge to capture country-wide price movements -- has also plunged to a five-year low of 1.77% in October, triggering a chorus of demand for lower borrowing costs to boost investment and consumer spending.
The next monetary policy is scheduled for February 3, 2015, but Rajan did not rule out a rate revision outside of the policy calendar depending on future price movements.
“A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle,” Rajan said.
Analysts said the RBI governor could wait for cues to come from the next year’s Union budget in February before initiating any rate action.
Industry leaders have been ratcheting up their demand for cheaper loans with the government also hoping that the central bank would signal a reversal of its prolonged hawkish stance that some see as affecting capacity expansion plans.
According to experts low and stable interest rates are critical to fast-track roads, ports, airports, and railways projects to create jobs, raise non-farm incomes and catalyse large scale industrialisation across India.
Rajan, however, made it abundantly clear that the RBI would not change its stance until the central bank was convinced to have fully tamed inflation.
“The way to sustainable growth is to have low and stable inflation. We are talking of years of sustainable growth,” he said.
The RBI governor said that the key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity –- in new as well as stalled projects –- supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and lower overall inflation.

Prologue concept coupe forecasts Audi s futurePrologue concept coupe forecasts Audi's future
The Audi Prologue show car
Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times
Marc Lichte introduces the Audi Prologue concept car at the 2014 Los Angeles Auto Show on Nov. 19, 2014.
Marc Lichte introduces the Audi Prologue concept car at the 2014 Los Angeles Auto Show on Nov. 19, 2014. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times)
Audi's $5 million concept coupe foreshadows what's to come for the A6 through the all-new A9.
Audi is expected to build a large sports coupe very similar to the Prologue conecpt.
Driving Audi's Prologue prototype turns heads and points to the future of luxury sports cars.
Our German chaperone is nervous. Sitting in the passenger seat of Audi's hand-built Prologue concept car that debuted last week at the L.A. Auto Show , he eyes the police surrounding us.
"Slowly, slower," he says politely as he squints into the tiny side-view mirror. We ease off the 605-horsepower throttle a bit, as the motorcycle cop behind us weaves across the road in Beverly Hills.
It's not the police our co-pilot is concerned about; they're part of a mini motorcade keeping the Audi safe from errant drivers. He's worried about the Prologue itself: a prototype that cost Audi between $4 million and $6 million to build.
PICKS OF THE SHOW: Once the stepchild of the auto show circuit, the Los Angeles Auto Show is now among the premier shows in the world. It splits prestige with New York's show, held in April, and serves as a prelude to the Detroit Auto Show in January and the Chicago Auto Show in February. ( David Undercoffler, Charles Fleming and Jerry Hirsch )
Hand-built over seven weeks this fall, the glimmering full-size coupe is a rolling exhibition of Audi's future. The design elements from the car's interior and exterior will be incorporated into the next generation of Audi's large cars, starting with the new Audi A8 sedan due for sale in 2017.
The midsize A6 and A7 will follow shortly after that. Audi is also expected to build a coupe very similar to this Prologue. Based on the A8, the car probably will be the first car to bear the A9 name in Audi's history, and will take Mercedes-Benz's S-Class Coupe head-on.
This is the first time the Audi prototype cruised down any city street. It's the first time Audi's new design chief, Marc Lichte, has seen the car on a real road. He's in one of the two SUVs ahead of us in the motorcade, in front of another police unit.
8
Lichte sits cross-legged in the SUV's wayback, facing backward and watching through the open liftgate as a photographer next to him chronicles the spectacle.
After our drive, the 44-year-old's eyes twinkle as he describes what it's like seeing his baby out of the design studio for the first time.
"The shoulders and the muscles are a lot more visible when you are outside," Lichte said. "For me this is super-exciting because this is exactly what you work for."
Audi appointed Lichte as its design chief last February; before that he was the head of exterior design at Volkswagen. Lichte and his team have a lot on their plate. Audi is in the process of splitting the design direction of its line of A sedans and Q SUVs, both of which will get complete makeovers over the next several years.
"In 2003 we started with a single frame grille, which was a bold statement for the brand," Rupert Stadler, chairman of the board for Audi, said in an interview at the L.A. show. That helped Audi create a visual personality as identifiable as the ones BMW and Mercedes have spent decades establishing. "Now I think the time is mature to go that next step."
Lichte started that next step last February with nearly a blank sheet of paper. He finished the work just a few weeks before coming to L.A., when Audi froze the designs for the three A sedans, which now move on to the engineering stage of production.
In the midst of scrambling to reinvent the face of Audi, Lichte was also tasked with creating the Prologue concept. While the company hasn't officially confirmed it will build an A9 that the Prologue foreshadows, any mention of it around Audi execs is met with a wink and a nod. Bet on this car reaching production.
This concept car, according to the company, incorporates 80% to 90% of the production cars' design cues, inside and out.
0
Key among the exterior cues is a massive flat grille that spans nearly the entire width of the car's nose. It's highlighted by six horizontal chrome bars and Audi's four-rings logo prominently displayed in the middle. Thin trapezoidal headlights squint out from either side of it.
The coupe's roofline descends slowly toward the rear of the car, leaving almost no flat trunk lid. This makes Prologue's silhouette imposing and dramatic, and looking a smidge heavy.
At the back, LED taillights are horizontally oriented, including a thin strip of lights running the entire width of the back end. The taillights also have a sculpted three-dimensionality to them that's hard to show in pictures.
The car's fenders swell outward to cover each of the wheels, a deliberate move by Lichte to highlight Audi's Quattro all-wheel-drive system in the same way a rear-wheel-drive Mercedes or BMW is often denoted by a long hood.
The overall look of the Prologue is less revolutionary and more of a healthy evolution. 
Using the same horizontally oriented theme as on the exterior, several touch-sensitive screens stretch across the dashboard for both the driver and passenger.
Audi also worked with Samsung to develop a cutting-edge OLED flexible glass screen that curves out of the center console just ahead of the shifter. Flexible display screens like this are at the infancy of their development, though manufacturers like LG and Samsung hope to have production screens on the market around the same time as Audi's next A8 in 2017. They'll be expensive.
The driver's instrument panel on the Prologue is a 3-D digital screen, an elaborate evolution of the wide-screen display Audi recently introduced on its 2016 TT compact sports car. And although Audi is aware that these prototype elements inside the Prologue may seem farfetched, the company says it's determined to be out front on in-car electronics.
"There is a different speed in the consumer electronics world, and I think we and our engineers have to be aware of that," Stadler said. "Audi is progressive and progressive means that we are looking towards the future as fast as possible."
The rarity of such flexible glass screens is one of the reasons the Prologue cost Audi millions to build. (The automaker wouldn't reveal the specific figure.) Yet the production car would cost a fraction of that, with the A9 coupe ringing in around the $100,000 to $120,000 mark once Audi confirms it and sells it.
The concept is also pricey thanks to the carbon fiber body panels, the aluminum trim inside and out, and the wood and leather throughout the interior. It's like a couture dress: a one-off piece made, finished and assembled by hand without the economies of scale to drive the price down.
It took a team of 20 people seven weeks working around the clock to build, Audi said. The chassis underneath is a shortened version of what's on the next-generation A8. To power the thing, Audi grabbed a 4.0-liter twin-turbocharged V-8 out of its RS7 and kicked power up a notch. It now cranks out 605 horsepower and 553 pound-feet of torque.
Before we're allowed to drive it, Audi's minders have us don a disposable plastic painter's suit and booties, so as to keep the creamy white leather in perfect condition. True to its concept form, there are no door handles on this coupe; wave your hand over the door sill and it pops open automatically.

Arts and music reviews© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE

Bonds cheer hint of early-2015 ratecutDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The benchmark 10-year government bond yield slipped below the current repo rate of 8% on Tuesday, the first time in 18 months after the Reserve Bank of India left policy rates unchanged but said it would act early 2015.
The yield on the 10-year benchmark 8.40%, 2024 bond settled at a fresh 16-month low of 7.97%%. The yield has fallen nearly 50 basis points over the last two months. The last time the 10-year bond yield had slipped below the ruling repo rate was in June 2013.
Bond traders and economists alike are penciling in deep cuts in 2015, given a rather dovish policy statement from RBI governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday.
“The base case for the market now is that 75-100 basis points of cut is expected over the next 15 months. The 10-year yield could see more downside, to 7.75% until March 2015,” said Ananth Narayan G, regional  head – financial markets, South Asia at Standard Chartered Bank.
In the policy statement, RBI governor Raghuram Rajan said that if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations persist, the central bank would act even outside the normal policy review schedule. The next bi-monthly policy review is slated on February 3.
The RBI has pegged the retail inflation to be at 6% by March 2015. Inflation had eased to 5.52% in October.
Deutsche Bank expects the RBI to cut the repo rate by 50 bps. “Since the RBI believes that its actions will have a powerful signaling impact on investment sentiments, the frist cut may well be 50 bps,” said economits Taimur Baig and Kaushik Das in a note.
“It is a dovish policy with an expectation that the rate cut will happen sooner than later. The 10-year bond yield could further ease to 7.85% by December end,” said NS Venkatesh, head of treasury at IDBI Bank.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan Reserve Bank Of India
More from indianmarkets

Bright days ahead for Titan:HSBCDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
On Friday, RBI revoked the 80:20 scheme for gold imports that restricted the supply of gold that can be imported into India.  The scheme created distortion of the gold price in the market that disadvantaged organised jewellers like Titan. Since Titan was allowed to hedge its gold price internationally, its effective cost of owning the gold and managing price risk was lower than the prevailing gold leasing rate. So the incremental gain for Titan on the P&L as a result is likely to be negligible. Nonetheless, we believe that now gold inventory for Titan (which is 30% on gold on lease) will increasingly move to gold on leases and the business model will return to its original form, giving Titan a complete natural hedge on the gold price.
Since gold premiums should now become negligible, this should help Titan price its underlying gold price more competitively. With gold supply restrictions gone and no risk of premiums, we believe that retail expansion plans will get a new impetus and aid the strategic priority of Titan to double its jewellery market share in the next five years.
We upgrade Titan to overweight with a target price of R460. The regulatory easing is now almost complete with 80:20 removal, but Titan’s re-rating this year already reflects that for the most part, in our view. Now we believe the incremental catalyst will be improvement in underlying demand, which in our view has already bottomed out. With removal of 80:20, Titan will be able to shape its pricing more competitively to monetise the jewellery demand revival which is now imminently due with the correction in the gold price.
By HSBC
TAGS: Gold Price RBI
More from indianmarkets

Vijay Mallyas exit brings fizz to UB stocks; Troubles mountfurtherDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
In an irony of sorts, self-proclaimed ‘King of Good Times’ Vijay Mallya on Tuesday saw shares of his various group companies soar higher even as fresh troubles surfaced in form of the group’s holding entity being slapped with yet another ‘wilful defaulter’ tag.
This came a day after Mallya having to quit top posts at two group companies — Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilisers Ltd (MCFL) and long-grounded Kingfisher Airlines.
While most analysts have long stopped covering UB stocks due to continuing troubles at various group companies and lack of liquidity, they were also taken by surprise to see a sudden spike of up to 20 per cent in their share prices today.
Some of them said investors might be seeing the developments as a beginning of the endgame for Mallya, who no more has controlling stakes in United Spirits and United Breweries Ltd and his exit from MCFL and Kingfisher could leave UB Holdings Ltd (UBHL) as the only major entity where he may still have a significant role.
A few other analysts, however, said that the spike in UB group stocks could be like a ‘dead cat bounce’, which speculators might use to exit from their long-held positions.
The latest round of problems began last week with the minority shareholders of United Spirits Ltd (USL) trouncing proposed financial dealings of the company with its erstwhile promoter Mallya, who remains its Chairman as of now.
USL’s controlling shareholder Diageo is mulling over ways to take forward the matter after an unprecedented activism on part of investors to reject a proposal involving business transactions between existing and erstwhile promoters.
In another unprecedented setback, Mallya’s re-appointment as Managing Director of Kingfisher Airlines has been annulled by the government, while he had to quit on his own from the board of MCFL yesterday.
The problems are expected to grow further as several banks, including state-run SBI, are believed to have written to the boards of various UB group firms that no further loans would be provided to them in the wake of defaults made by Mallya and his group companies.
A senior banker said the loans availed by almost all UB companies indicated a complex web of transactions, where one entity was guarantor for the other and the second one took loans on the basis of guarantees given by yet another entity from the group or from among the promoters.
Notwithstanding the mounting troubles for the group, its holding company UBHL saw its share price surge by 19.80 per cent to close at Rs 23.90 on the BSE.
McDowell Holdings also rose by 19.93 per cent to Rs 34.30, while United Breweries climbed 8.11 per cent to Rs 825.65. United Spirits Ltd gained 7.14 per cent to Rs 2,913.
Shares of Pioneer Distilleries were also up 5 per cent.
Trading in shares of two companies — Kingfisher and UB Engineering — got suspended yesterday due to their non- compliance to Listing Agreement norms.
Kingfisher, which had to be grounded in October 2012 due to severe financial crunch and mounting debt, had sought the Corporate Affairs Ministry’s approval for Mallya’s re-appointment for a period of five-year beginning October 16, 2013 “without remuneration”, but the plea got rejected.
MCFL also announced on Monday Mallya’s resignation as a director without giving any reason.
Kingfisher, which once prided itself as the most luxurious airline with Mallya being known as the ‘King of Good Times’, alone used to command a market value of over Rs 10,000 crore once, but now stands at just about Rs 100 crore.
The overall UB group market value has tanked by over half in the past one year, while excluding United Spirits.
The penal action by stock exchanges followed the companies’ inability to prepare and publish financial results in time, which the firms have attributed to lack of staff.
Kingfisher has previously faced strong staff protests for non-payment of salaries, while it is also under regulatory scanner for various accounting lapses.
Mallya was serving as Chairman and Managing Director of Kingfisher, which has been without a full-time CEO ever since Sanjay Agarwal left the company early this year.
As per the norms, a company which is in the red or has inadequate profits, needs to approach the Corporate Affairs Ministry to get approval for appointment of key managerial personnel and directors and get no-objection certificates from shareholders and lenders.
The Ministry rejected the proposal in this case as it was already turned down by shareholders and lenders, sources said, while adding this particular decision was not directly linked to Mallya being declared a wilful defaulter.
The UB group has been seeing continuous troubles on various fronts for the last couple of years, beginning with a major cash crunch and high debt at once-luxury airline Kingfisher, forcing it be grounded in October 2012.
The group, which is also engaged in legal tussle with lenders, later sold a controlling stake in its prized unit United Spirits to Diageo while some other assets where also divested in other businesses and two rival bidders came up from MCFL.
The UB group, which once commanded huge market values for all its entities in businesses ranging from liquor to fertilisers to aviation, has been facing financial troubles for past couple of years and a severe cash crunch led to Kingfisher Airlines being grounded over two years ago.
There are also pending service tax default cases against Kingfisher.
Default on loan payments has already seen a number of banks resorting to legal options to reclaim their funds, while some of them have also declared Mallya as a wilful defaulter.
The carrier is yet to submit its annual financial results for the 2013-14 period to the stock exchanges.
TAGS: Mangalore Chemicals And Fertilizers United Breweries United Spirits Vijay Mallya
More from indianmarkets

Morning Joe  Guest:  I Didn t Flee The SetNew York Times reporter Jeremy Peters grabbed media watchers' attention Tuesday morning when he appeared on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" for nearly an hour, speaking barely a word, and then completely disappeared.
News outlets later reported that Peters fled the set -- that he " vanished " with no explanation.
"Did he say anything?" co-host Joe Scarborough asked once he realized Peters was gone. "Not the entire time?"
But Peters explained to The Huffington Post Tuesday morning exactly what happened:
"I didn't flee the set, I assure you," he wrote in an email. "I came on the show, as I usually do, to talk about what's happening in Congress. I did that around 6:45 a.m. And I left the Ferguson discussion today to the others on the panel like Gene Robinson, who was able to capably and intelligently discuss it far better than I would have. One thing I've learned from doing TV: I've never regretted not opening my mouth. It's always the times when you do -- and shouldn't have -- that get you in trouble."
Peters echoed this same sentiment on Twitter as well:
@pourmecoffee @brianstelter "Gee, I really wish I'd opened my mouth more on that cable show." Said no one ever. Restraint isn't a bad thing
— Jeremy W. Peters (@jwpetersNYT) December 2, 2014
More:

Joe Scarborough Slams Media Coverage Of Michael Brown ShootingScarborough broached the subject while discussing the five St. Louis Rams players who walked onto the field in the "Hands up, don't shoot!" position during Sunday's game against the Oakland Raiders. The gesture was used during protests of the grand jury's decision to not indict Wilson for the shooting death of 18-year-old Brown.
"What is so remarkable is they might as well have come out with a flying saucer attached to all of their heads in solidarity of Michael Brown being transported to Venus on a flying saucer, because that happened as much as [hands up] happened," he said, adding that claims made by Brown's friend, Dorian Johnson, alleging that Brown had his hands up at the time of the shooting conflicted with other witness testimony. "They are using his accomplice in the robbery that was with him at the time, who also claimed that Michael Brown was shot in the back. And for some reason the media attaches to these narratives that will stir up further protests."
(It should be noted that many witnesses said Brown had his hands up when Wilson shot him , though whether it was a surrender or something else remains unclear.)
Scarborough also said :
We are doing such a grave disservice to police officers in this country by pushing a narrative that they are just going around looking to shoot and kill black people. Somebody needs to tell me why Michael Brown has been chosen as the face of black oppression. I see actually a reverse of what happened in Trayvon, where right-wingers clinged [sic] to this nasty, thuggish guy, that chased a young black man through a neighborhood simply because he was black. Trayvon was guilty of walking while being black, and my right-wing, nut-job friends all embraced George Zimmerman, a thug ... There are so many great people to embrace as heroes in the black community, that deciding you're going to embrace a guy that knocked over a convenience store, and then, according to grand jury testimony, acting in ways that would get my children shot on Staten Island or in Queens or in Brooklyn, that's your hero? That's the reason you want to burn down black businesses? ... That's why you want to block African-American commuters with five children going to work in the Bay Area and get them fired? Really? This is your mission in life?
Scarborough -- who acknowledged a double standard exists and said black people are treated differently on streets, in courtrooms and in jails in America -- blasted the media, saying: "I have sat here quietly and listened to BS being spewed all over this network and all over other networks. I can't take it anymore."
Co-host Mika Brzezinski said the shooting of Brown symbolizes police aggression and racial issues that are present across the nation and that not everyone views Brown as a "hero."
Later in the segment, Scarborough agreed with grievances over how Brown's death was handled by the St. Louis Police Department, specifically how his dead body was left in the street for four hours .
Watch a portion of the segment below.
More:

YEAR IN REVIEW: From photo privacy to online piracy  we put the news into parody verse (Part II)By Michael Cavna December 2 Follow @comicriffs
LAST WEEK, on the heels of Bob Dylan’s D.C. show, Comic Riffs toyed with turning the news into poor man’s Dylan verse. (Yes, emphasis on “poor.”)
This week, as a way to reflect on the news from 2014, we’re spinning the lyrical nuggets of his vintage “Subterranean Homesick Blues” song and video into modern fool’s-gold.  (What’s that caveat about “Don’t Look Back”?) So in humble satiric homage, here’s Part II of “2014 Headline Blues (Illustrated)”:
 
(MICHAEL “CANVAS” CAVNA/The Washington Post)
.

Sebi moots new norms for warrants  partly-paid sharesissuanceDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Market regulator Sebi on Tuesday proposed that Indian companies, which issue partly paid-up shares and warrants to foreign investors, should receive an upfront payment of at least 25 per cent of the total amount.
The move comes after Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in July allowed foreign investors to invest in partly-paid shares and warrants of Indian companies.
In the discussion paper, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said that pricing as well as conversion formula for warrants have to be determined upfront.
For subscribing in partly-paid shares and warrants (through public and rights issue mode), Sebi proposed that foreign investors should make an upfront payment of 25 per cent of the issue price.
Further, the remaining payment should be made in the next 12-months in case of partly-paid shares and 18 months for warrants.
At present, there is no minimum upfront payment requirement for warrants. In the case of partly-paid shares, there is no minimum upfront requirement in rights issue case while it remains at 25 per cent when it is through public issuance.
The discussion paper on ‘issuance of partly paid shares and warrants by Indian companies’ would be open for comments till December 14. The views would be taken into account before the market regulator decides on amendments to the Issue of Capital Disclosure Regulations (ICDR).
Sebi has also proposed to increase the conversion period for warrants to 18 months from the current time period of 12 months. This is being proposed for warrants allotted through public and rights issues.
Currently, the time period is 18 months with respect to preferential issue of warrants.
To enable application by foreign investors and ensure uniformity with the RBI guidelines, Sebi said that in case of “part payment option being provided by the issuer in rights issue, the part payment on application shall not be less than 25 per cent of the issue price.”
“Pricing of the warrants and price/conversion formula shall be determined upfront and 25 per cent of the consideration amount shall be received upfront. In case of non-exercise of warrants, entire upfront payment may be forfeited by the issuer,” it added.
TAGS: Sebi
More from indianmarkets

Rising Dollar Spells Trouble for TCS  Other IT FirmsYou are here: Home Corporates
Rising Dollar Spells Trouble for TCS, Other IT Firms
NDTV | Written By: Varun Sinha | Updated On: December 03, 2014 12:37 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
IT stocks underperformed the broader Sensex and Nifty on Wednesday, but even from a medium-term perspective, they have not been high on the shopping list of investors.
The IT sub-index on the BSE is up 3.3 per cent and 6.5 per cent over one and three- month period as compared to a 2.5 per cent and 5 per cent gain in the Nifty during the same time. The true extent of underperformance in IT stocks can be gauged if their performance is compared to cyclical stocks. The Bank Nifty, for example, has gained 9 per cent and 16 per cent over one and three-month period.
Analysts say there's little hope that IT stocks would be back in demand any time soon. Here's why:
1) Global currencies such as the pound, euro and Australian dollar, which contribute between 25-30 per cent of tier-1 IT revenues, have depreciated by nearly 4-6 per cent sequentially in the third quarter, Nomura says. That means Indian companies' revenues from European operations could be flat to negative in the December quarter. Nomura expects overall US dollar revenue growth to come down by an average 150 basis points for India's top five IT companies in the December quarter.
(Also Read: Rising Dollar Threatens Rupee, Will Test Rajan's Firepower )
2) Companies that have high exposure to Europe and Japan will be worst hit. Nomura says both TCS and Tech Mahindra come in this category as they have the lowest US dollar revenue proportions (52-54 per cent) of overall revenues. Japan's yen depreciated 10 per cent in the September quarter.
3) The rupee has depreciated against the dollar, but it has fallen less than other global currencies. So, the rupee has gained against other currencies. These two contrasting movements will largely negate each other, leading to no material impact on rupee revenues on a sequential basis, Nomura says.
4) The December quarter is seasonally weak because of holidays in the key markets of North America and Europe. This will further weigh on revenue growth in the current quarter.
5) Cyclicals, such as banks and autos, have outperformed on hopes of a turnaround in the Indian economy. However, the fate of IT companies is linked to the global economy. While the US economy seems to be on the mend, Europe remains a problem area. This is bad news for IT firms as discretionary spending will be under pressure and weigh on margins.
Both foreign and domestic investors are underweight on the IT sector. In fact, software has reached an all-time high underweight for foreign institutional investors (FIIs) at a time when foreign ownership in Indian stock markets is at an all-time high, according to a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
"All the three large software companies (Infosys, TCS and Wipro) are among the top-10 underweight stocks for the FIIs," BofA-ML report says.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 11:45 (IST)

Indias RBI seen going big when cuttingratesAn RBI rate cut is now seen as a given, some analysts say.
Debate in markets shifting to the extent of rate cuts, they add.
The analysts expect Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut rates by 50 bps at one stroke sometime in Feb-April.
“Since the RBI believes that its actions will have a powerful signaling impact on investment sentiment, the first cut may well be 50 bps,” Deutsche Bank says in a note.
Deutsche, Citi expect 100 bps in rate cuts between Feb 2015 and March 2016.
1-year OIS down 67 bps since end of September.
TAGS: Deutsche Bank Reserve Bank Of India
More from markets
Falling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets Apprehensions of a possible repeat of the 1998 Russian financial crisis following a 20% fall in the rouble.

Is Shopping Local Making a Comebackreddit
Independent retailers might be on the verge of making a comeback.  New data show locally owned stores are increasingly popular with shoppers, deliver more jobs and economic benefits than big retailers, and, in a few categories, like books and groceries, are now expanding in number for the first time in years.  To learn more, check out this infographic, put together by the Advocates for Independent Business .
__
Stacy Mitchell is a senior researcher with the Institute for Local Self-Reliance and coordinator of the Advocates for Independent Business , a coalition of 14 national organizations representing over 150,000 small businesses.
Follow Stacy Mitchell on Twitter: www.twitter.com/stacyfmitchell
More:

Mumbai slum project: HDIL denies allegations of irregularitiesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Mumbai slum project: HDIL denies allegations of irregularities
R Yegya Narayanan
Tweet
Coimbatore, Dec 3:  
Housing Development & Infrastructure Ltd (HDIL) has dismissed the allegations made against it with regard to irregularities in the Slum Rehabilitation Authority project in Bandra in Mumbai as a "frivolous attempt to malign" the company.
The company also said that it was taking recourse to legal remedy including quashing of the FIR registered (against government and company officials).
It was reported that an FIR was registered by the Anti Corruption Bureau complying with a court order against some Maharashtra Government officials and the HDIL group chairman and officials of HDIL over reported irregularities in the Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) project in Bandra area in Mumbai during 2005-06.
The FIR was registered against the Principal Secretary (Housing) Debashish Chakrabarty, Principal Secretary (Woman and Child Development) Ujjwal Uke, HDIL Group Chairman and the company’s 10 directors, according to media reports.
Responding to queries from the BSE with regard to the news reports about registration of FIR against government and HDIL officials, including HDIL Chairman Rakesh Kumar Wadhwan, HDIL said the company has "no role to play" and the "eligibility under the scheme is decided by the concerned statutory authority".
HDIL said that this was a "frivolous attempt to malign the reputation of the company and its directors" and it would initiate "appropriate legal action including quashing of the FIR".
Shares of HDIL were trading at Rs 79.70, down by Rs 1.45 on the BSE. The stock, which opened at Rs 81, dipped to a low of Rs 77.10 but recovered to current levels on the exchange.
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Speaker maker Sonos raises $130mSpeaker maker Sonos raises $130m
Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcf5add4-7ab0-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Emotional farewell to Phil HughesEmotional farewell to Phil Hughes
Dec 3, 2014
Australia bid an emotional farewell to cricketer Phillip Hughes at a funeral in his hometown on Wednesday with a live coast-to-coast broadcast allowing a nation to unite in celebration and remembrance of the life of a sportsman cut down in his prime.

Scout alarms  the stylish security system  hit market after delay2
The most popular set-up is one hub, one door panel, two motion sensors and three access sensors, said co-founder Dave Shapiro.
“A lot of folks have said that they wanted to try it, and now they want extra motion sensors and two more windows, or extra things,” Roberts said.
Roberts said they have only had seven or eight returns so far from the units, which have shipped to 46 states.
While those were good results, the team, based in the ICNC incubator in Ukrainian Village, hit some bumps along the road.
They expected to spend a lot of time building and marketing the product, but Roberts said he didn’t anticipate spending as much time as he did figuring out the certification process.
“It would seem standardized, but ... ” he said. There were labeling legalities that had to be put into the certification manual, and boilerplate language that had to do with size, which was “a time suck that took more time than we would have anticipated,” Roberts said.
Another potential time suck that the Scout team rectified at the last minute had to do with the packaging and the shipping.
They originally planned to pack and ship all of the alarms out of their Chicago base, but Roberts said that they determined that Scout should hire a third party out of Portland to take care of this.
It cost a few dollars per system to do this, Roberts said, but when Scout got an idea of the time and room it would take to pack and ship all the orders, it made sense to give that task to someone else, he said.
Roberts, 31, has a master's degree in design and studied marketing and logistics as an undergraduate before working in sales for two years. Shapiro, 26, has a background in computer science and design and was a founder-in-residence at Sandbox, where the two met.
Right now, the team is focused on continuing to get the word out about Scout, but they’re going to be looking for strategic investors soon, Roberts said.
“We’re looking for capital and help through their networks to expand throughout distribution and marketing,” he said. “Eventually, there will be another financing round so we can have consistent inventory.”
Shapiro said the company will also be announcing new partnerships in the near future, along with other improvements to the system.
“We are constantly exploring and implementing new features to improve our product,” he said.

Nifty to touch 9 960 level by Dec 2015:ReportDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The National Stock Exchange index Nifty is expected to touch 9,960 level by December 2015, supported by liquidity, policy reforms and improving fundamentals, says a report.
According to global brokerage firm Macquarie, development backed agenda is expected to drive the country’s economy as well as the equity market and the Nifty is expected to reach as high as 21,500 in next five years.
The Nifty has given around 36 per cent returns in 2014 so far this year as against 4 per cent return for MSCI World Index and is expected to give another 16 per cent return over the next 12 months, which should take the Index to 9,960 points, the report said.
The 50-share index today settled at 8,537.65, higher by 12.95 points or 0.15 per cent.
“We believe the market can re-rate further to 16-17x if economic recovery is stronger than expected. Our 12-month Nifty target is 9940 based on 15x FY17E EPS,” Macquarie said in a research note today.
From being amongst the least preferred markets more than a year ago, India has climbed up the charts to being amongst the most preferred markets to invest in.
According to the report, the factors that are building up investor sentiments include, the Narendra Modi-led new government which brought about stability in an otherwise volatile political environment and improved market sentiment. In addition, there were affirmative action by the government on several fronts.
Moreover, with crude prices falling sharply, macro indicators have turned favourable and improved conditions for economic recovery to take shape.
“All of these are excellent conditions for an equity bull market to sustain for several years,” Macquarie said and added that Nifty could reach 17,400-21,500 over the next five years.
Along with good FII inflows of around USD 16 billion so far this year, domestic mutual funds have turned net buyers with their net inflows aggregating to around USD 4.2 billion since May.
“Valuations may not be cheap but can sustain at high levels given that India is relatively better placed than other emerging markets,” Macquarie said.
TAGS: NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

BSE regains Rs 100-trillion mark; slips again at closingbellDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Leading stock exchange BSE today regained Rs 100 trillion mark in terms of total market wealth of all listed firms, but slipped marginally below this level in the end.
The milestone was reached for the first time in intra-day trade on Friday last week, but the overall market cap, also known as total investors’ wealth, had slipped marginally below this level at the end of trading session that day.
At the close of today’s trading session, the total BSE market cap stood at Rs 99,63,758 crore, as against a peak of Rs 1,00,40,408 crore or Rs 100.4 trillion scaled just a few minutes earlier.
The benchmark index Sensex ended flat with a marginal fall of 1.30 points at 28.442.71, but 17 out of the 30 Sensex stocks ended the day with gains. Overall, more than 200 stocks hit their 52-week highs on the BSE today.
BSE is among the world’s ten largest exchanges in terms of market value, while it is the largest globally for number of firms listed on its platform. It has over 4,000 actively traded companies and nearly 2.7 crore investors trade on it.
In US dollar terms, the BSE market cap now stands at over USD 1.6 trillion and it has added more than USD 500 billion (Rs 29 lakh crore) this year itself.
The total market cap has more than doubled in the last five years from Rs 50 lakh crore in 2009, while it has grown ten-times since first scaling Rs 10 lakh crore level in 2003.
The Sensex has gained by about one-third so far this year, while the 30 Sensex companies alone, which are among the biggest companies in the country, now account for nearly 50 per cent or about Rs 47 lakh crore of total investor wealth.
This includes TCS, the country’s most valued firm and the only entity to have a market value of over Rs 5 lakh crore, followed by state-run ONGC and private sector behemoth Reliance Industries with market caps of over Rs 3 lakh crore each.
Six companies — ITC, Infosys, SBI, HDFC Bank, Coal India and ICICI Bank — have market cap of over Rs two lakh crore each, while that of 11 others (HDFC, Sun Pharma, HUL, Bharti Airtel, L&T, Wipro, Tata Motors, Axis Bank, NTPC, HCL Tech and Maruti) is over Rs one lakh crore.
TAGS: Bse
More from indianmarkets

BSE Sensex edges lower in lacklustre trade; NSE Nifty up 13ptsDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
In a dull trading session, the benchmark Sensex today edged 1.30 points down to 28,442.71 on alternate bouts of buying and selling, amid mixed global cues.
Shares of auto, realty, power, refinery and capital goods sectors firmed up while IT and telecom shares declined.
Mid-cap and small-cap scrips rose on good buying with its indices gaining 1.39 per cent and 1.64 per cent respectively.
The BSE Sensex resumed slightly higher at 28,472.32 and moved up further to 28,504.65 on initial buying following overnight gains in US market and foreign capital inflows.
However, the barometer failed to maintain initial gains and dropped to 28,370.73 on fag-end selling before concluding at 28,442.71, showing a marginal loss of 1.30 points.
Investors preferred to book profit in select counters as RBI kept the policy rates unchanged yesterday in its monetary policy meeting, said traders.
However, the 50-share Nifty finished 12.95 points, or 0.15 per cent, higher at 8,537.65.
“We believe the Nifty would consolidate further in the coming days but the overall bias would remain on the positive side till Nifty is holding above 8350 mark,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth net Rs 106.82 crore yesterday, showed provisional data.
Asian stocks ended mixed as key benchmark indices in Hongkong and Singpaore eased by 0.57 per cent to 0.95 per cent while indices in China, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan moved up by 0.21 per cent to 1.55 per cent.
European markets were also trading narrowly mixed as indices in France and Germany inched up by 0.15-0.24 per cent while UK’s FTSE was quoting 0.08 per cent lower.
Turning to the local market, seventeen out of the 30-share Sensex stocks closed with gains while others finished with losses.
Major Sensex laggards include Dr Reddys 2.43 per cent, HDFC 1.83 per cent, Bharti Airtel 1.72 per cent, Hindalco 1.49 per cent, HDFC Bank, 1.09 per cent, Hero MotoCorp 0.83 per cent, TCS 0.79 per cent and ITC 0.63 per cent.
However, ONGC rose by 2.98 per cent, BHEL 2.50 per cent, NTPC per cent 1.67 per cent, M&M 1.57 per cent, HUL 1.55 per cent, Gail India 1.35 per cent, Axis Bank 1.35 per cent, ICICI Bank 1.27 per cent and Maruti Suzuki 0.97 per cent.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Auto index rose by 1.34 per cent, Realty 1.32 per cent, Power 1.06 per cent, Oil & Gas 0.99 per cent and Capital Goods 0.96 per cent while IT eased by 0.19 per cent and TECK 0.16 per cent.
Reflecting rally in second line stocks, total market breadth remained positive as 1,929 counters finished in the green while 1,082 settled in the red and 120 held stable. Total turnover rose to Rs 3,934.91 crore from Rs 3,334.72 crore yesterday.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

RBI doubles pre-paid card limit to Rs. 1 lakhmoney and monetary policy
Relaxing norms for Pre-paid Payment Instruments (PPI), the Reserve Bank on Wednesday doubled the card limit to Rs. 1 lakh.
“The limit of PPI... has now been enhanced from Rs. 50,000 to Rs. 1 lakh. The balance in the PPI should not exceed Rs. 1 lakh at any point of time,” RBI said in a statement.
The move would help in achieving the objective of limiting cash transactions in the system.
Besides, the maximum validity of gift cards has been enhanced from one year to three years, it said, adding that other provisions of PPI guidelines with respect to gift cards will continue to be remain.
RBI also allowed issue of multiple PPIs by banks from fully-KYC compliant bank accounts for dependent or family members.
Only one card can be issued to one beneficiary, it said.
“The bank may put in place mechanisms to monitor and report suspicious transactions on these PPIs to Financial Intelligence Unit India (FIU-IND),” it added.
Based on a comprehensive internal review and feedback received from entities currently authorised to issue PPIs, it has been considered necessary to amend certain provisions of existing guidelines for ensuring growth of prepaid payment industry, it said.
The central bank also permitted banks to issue rupee denominated PPIs for visiting foreign nationals and NRIs.
“Banks are permitted to issue open system rupee denominated non-reloadable PPIs to NRIs and foreign nationals visiting India and PPIs co-branded with exchange houses/money transmitters (approved by RBI) to NRIs and foreign nationals visiting India,” it said.
However, this would be subject to certain conditions like the cards can be issued by overseas branches of banks in India directly or by co-branding with the exchange houses/money transmitters up to a maximum amount of Rs. 2 lakh by loading from a KYC compliant bank account.
Such PPIs should be activated by the bank only after the traveller arrives in India and cash withdrawal will be restricted to Rs. 50,000 per month.
The cards should be issued strictly for use in India and transactions settled in Indian rupee, it added.

Investing in Middle Eastern artIs the time ripe to buy Middle Eastern art?
By  Brooke Anderson
Read more about these links.
Prized possession
This installation by Abdulnasser Gharem is the most expensive work by a living Arab artist. (Christie’s Dubai)
Different perspective
Postwar-era creativity and political activism are some of the themes of Middle East Art.  (Sotheby’s)
Fluids in motion
Iraqi-British based artist Athier captures his view of Middle East warfare. (Ayyam Gallery)
Framed fortune
The growing art scene is turning investors’ heads to focus on art. (Sotheby’s)
Distinctive aesthetic
Contemporary Iranian artist Monir Farmanfarmaian uses traditional Persian techniques and patterns in her works. (Sotheby’s)
Expanding horizon
Around 80 galleries have opened in United Arab Emirates in the past 10 years. (Sotheby’s)
More Slideshows
An expat’s home away from home
HIDE CAPTION
Even before recent political revolts in the Middle East seized headlines, painters, printmakers, muralists and other artists were busy capturing the volatile mood of the region. Now they’ve captured the attention of a growing number of international investors and art lovers, too.
In the past decade, investors and collectors have bought more Middle Eastern art and at higher prices than at any other point in history. These days, the auction houses of Sotheby’s in Doha, Qatar, and Christie’s in Dubai routinely break records. Christie’s art sales in Dubai have more than doubled to $29.6m between 2012 and 2014.
Related
How to buy rare books
Iran held its first contemporary art auction in July 2013, with 80 sales totalling almost $2m. In 2006, Sotheby’s in London hosted the first standalone exhibition of Middle Eastern contemporary art, seen by many as a turning point for international art purchases from the region. Some see this surge in global attention as validation that Middle Eastern art is a worthwhile investment.
“People had the idea that not much was produced in the Middle East. Everyone was shocked. They said: Really? This is coming out of Lebanon? Syria? Iraq? Saudi Arabia?,” said Lina Lazaar, Sotheby’s director and international specialist of contemporary art.
Looking ahead
Prices of Middle Eastern art are rising, but some experts say many pieces are still undervalued.
As a result, there is a chance that collectors who buy early could see the prices of their purchases rise significantly — although for the time being there is a very low rate of resale.
“The industry has evolved and grown so much,” said Alexandra Kindermann, spokeswoman for Christie’s, which opened its office in Dubai in 2005 for a then-nascent international art market in the region. By 2010, private collectors had proliferated. Kindermann noted that in the past 10 years around 80 art galleries have opened in the United Arab Emirates, the Louvre is slated to open a branch in Abu Dhabi in coming months and small-sized auction houses are also launching. One of the most important galleries in the region is Ayyam, which first opened its doors in Damascus in 2006, then branched out to London and throughout the Middle East.
“I think today the prices of Middle Eastern art… are fair in general,” said Ayyam Gallery owner Khaled Samawi. “Some great artists, while seeking very high prices currently, are still a bargain internationally and once they are on the global art collector radar, their prices should increase significantly.”
Yet hopes for return on investment should not be the only impetus to collect, he added. “I believe art is priceless and people should concentrate more on the cultural and beauty of it with the investment side coming as an added long-term advantage and not as the main reason for collecting,” he said.
Sultan Al Qassemi, a Dubai-based avid collector and promoter of Middle Eastern art, and founder of the Sharjah based Barjeel Art Foundation, said, “I believe these are the formative years of the globalisation of Arab art.”
 Why so popular?
Several factors are driving the surge in artistic creativity, global collector interest and rising prices, said Rico Franses, director of art collections and galleries at the American University of Beirut. For one, artists have been inspired by the large-scale political activism throughout the region, including the 2009 Green Revolution in Iran. At the same time, international auctions and exhibitions have begun to exhibit the region’s creations and there has also been a surge in the academic study of art, Franses said.
For Middle Eastern artists, this period offers an unprecedented opportunity for exposure and money-making. At the same time, there are ripe opportunities for collectors and investors, who don’t face export restrictions on the works.
Works for the most renowned Middle Eastern modern artists, such as Mahmoud Said, Abdul Hadi El-Gazzar, Ali Omar Ermes, Parviz Tanavoli and Shafic Abboud, have risen in price over the past years. In October, 2013, a piece by Turkish-Jordanian artist Fahr El Nissa Zeid sold at Christie’s auction for $2.7m, almost reaching the world record price held for an Iranian artist, which was a 2008 piece by Parviz Tanavoli that sold for $2.8m.
“Middle East art… only recently (has) reflected higher valuations,” said Qassemi. “As a result, artists can produce work full-time rather than as a part-time hobby, which gives them more time to read and learn about other practices.”
Kevork Mourad, a New York-based Syrian graphic sketch artist from Aleppo, who collaborates with musicians, including cellist Yo-Yo Ma, in doing his drawings live accompanied with music, is optimistic when he looks at the doors that have opened for some of his peers. “I have to wait for the right moment,” he said. “I’ve been so lucky with these performances.”
Some have suggested that there is a bubble or a danger of over-commercialisation of Middle Eastern art. But Kindermann, whose Middle Eastern pieces are often auctioned in the range of $500,000 to $600,000, says that the turnover rate of the art they’ve sold in Dubai has been extremely low, suggesting clients are buying the pieces and holding on to them long term.
As in other markets, there’s nothing to stop those willing to pay high prices for art as they see fit.
“Art has always been like that,” said Franses. “Art is worth what the kings and emperors are willing to pay for it.”
Follow BBC Capital on Twitter @BBC_Capital or join the conversation about this or any other Capital story on Facebook: BBC Capital on Facebook.

Businesses Hire at Good Clip; Wages Don t Keep Pacebusinesses hire at good clip; wages don t keep pace
Microsoft  women and the  baseline for success  of technologyMicrosoft, women and the 'baseline for success' of technology
Microsoft, women and the 'baseline for success' of technology
Shelley Stern Grach, Microsoft's Chicago-based director for civic engagement, discusses the Microsoft Technology Center, the hurdles of scale and speed, and efforts to expose women and minorities to careers in technology.
Shelley Stern Grach, Microsoft's Chicago-based director for civic engagement, discusses the Microsoft Technology Center, the hurdles of scale and speed, and efforts to expose women and minorities to careers in technology.

NYC s women-only taxi service hits the streetsNYC's women-only taxi service hits the streets
NYC's women-only taxi service hits the streets
Taxi driver Dinorah Decruz is part of a New York City network which aims to make cabs safer for both female drivers and their fairer-sex passengers.
Taxi driver Dinorah Decruz is part of a New York City network which aims to make cabs safer for both female drivers and their fairer-sex passengers.

BIZ ROUNDTABLE CEOs on economy Read moreVideo highlights
PwC CEO:  Corporate leaders gaining confidence
Dennis Nally, PricewaterhouseCoopers global chairman, shares his thoughts on global confidence among business leaders and why corporate officers in the U.S. are more worried about taxes than other countries. Also a look at hiring millennials at PwC. They clearly want more flexibility, says Nally.
Equity markets headed higher: BlackRock CEO
Equity markets are going higher worldwide, says Laurence Fink, BlackRock chairman & CEO, discussing how the drop in crude will likely impact global markets and providing his outlook on bonds.
Wal-Mart CEO on the US economy, jobs
A 2 percent to 3 percent economic growth rate feels perpetual," said Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon, who also weighed into the minimum wage debate.
Moelis CEO: Return of the deal
Ken Moelis, Moelis & Company CEO, discusses what's driving M&A action amid a low interest rate environment.
Private equity's core interest
Steve Schwarzman, Blackstone chairman & CEO, shares his thoughts on private equity and hedge funds.
CAT CEO's simple math: 3% growth equals jobs
Doug Oberhelman, Caterpillar chairman & CEO, explains how infrastructure and education can drive growth and create jobs.
Oil's 'stimulus package' fueling economy
Doug Oberhelman, Caterpillar chairman & CEO, shares his thoughts on how low oil prices are impacting the manufacturing industry.
AT&T CEO: Old rules inappropriate for Internet
Randall Stephenson, AT&T chairman & CEO, discusses net neutrality and regulation of the Internet.

What Saarc can and cannot doWhat SAARC can and cannot do
G PARTHASARATHY
PTI The difficulty of keeping up appearances The reality shows up differently
India must look beyond Pakistan and improve relations with Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had a full diplomatic calendar in November, participating in three multilateral summits — the East Asia summit in Naypyidaw (Myanmar), the G20 summit in Brisbane and the SAARC summit in Kathmandu. The East Asia summit is integral to India’s economic and strategic agenda across its eastern shores. It casts the Indian strategic imprint across the Asia-Pacific region.
Over the past 15 years, India has concluded a free trade agreement with the ten members of Asean, with bilateral trade targeted to reach $100 billion soon. India has also concluded comprehensive economic cooperation agreements with two major East Asian economic powers, Japan and South Korea. It has actively engaged Australia, which straddles the Indian and Pacific oceans.
These developments enable India to proactively deal with the assertive role of China in the Asia-Pacific region. Participation in G20 gives India a role on the high table of global economic decision-making.
Where we stand
The three decade long interaction with our South Asian neighbours has little to show by way of economic cooperation, thanks primarily to the obstructionist policies of Pakistan. A ‘Group of Eminent Persons’ crafted a long-term vision for SAARC in 1998, envisaging the establishment of a South Asian Free Trade Area by 2010, a Customs Union by 2015 and an Economic Union by 2020.
The visionary former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee even advocated that the culmination of this process should be the establishment of a SAARC monetary union. The 2002 Saarc summit in Kathmandu loftily proclaimed: “To give effect to the shared aspirations for a more prosperous South Asia, the leaders agreed to the vision of a phased and planed process eventually leading to a South Asian Economic Union.”
Where exactly do we stand today? After much foot-dragging, SAARC countries have concluded a free trade agreement confined to goods, but excluding all services such as information technology. Even this agreement has been stymied by Pakistan, which has declined to accord India even the WTO mandated ‘most favoured nation’ treatment.
The prospect of a comprehensive economic cooperation agreement like what India has fashioned in East and Southeast Asia remains bleak and the vision of an economic union is a constantly receding mirage. While references were made in Kathmandu to moving towards building an “economic federation” in 15 years, it is clear that thanks to Pakistani negativism, the original vision of an economic union has fallen by the wayside.
Thwarted by Pakistan
Pakistan successfully blocked all efforts to promote road and rail connectivity across South Asia, because it intends to deny India access to the markets of Afghanistan and Central Asia. Pakistan was prevented from making the Kathmandu summit a disastrous failure. It reluctantly agreed, at the last minute, to promote electrical connectivity.
What has been Pakistan’s record on this score? After broadly agreeing to supply electricity to India in 1999, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif buckled under army pressure and torpedoed the proposal he had agreed to earlier. Despite vast tracts of Pakistan facing crippling electricity shortages, the army has torpedoed several proposals to buy power from India in negotiations ever since Sharif assumed office. There is little reason to believe that the hard-boiled Gen Raheel Shareef will have a change of heart.
In contrast, the prospects for energy cooperation with our eastern neighbours — Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka — are gathering momentum. Distribution networks funded by India and the World Bank have been built, or are under construction across the India-Nepal Border. With a river basin potential of 83,280 MW,
Nepal is slowly shedding earlier inhibitions (some justified) about achieving prosperity through energy cooperation, like Bhutan has done. Apart from endeavouring to move ahead on major public sector projects, there has been promising movement forward in hydroelectric projects with Indian companies such as GMR and GSK Energy. Hard negotiations are only to be expected.
In Bhutan, 10 hydroelectric projects were agreed upon for implementation in 2009. The two countries are well set to reach a target of 10,000 MW by 2020. Likewise, in Bangladesh, India has commenced supply of 250 MW in 2013 from West Bengal, with discussions under way for 200 MW from Tripura.
In Sri Lanka, India has extended credit of $200 million for a 500 MW power plant in the Tamil dominated Northern Province. Discussions are under way for a high voltage undersea cable linking the two countries.
Energy from the grid
It is evident that apart from playing spoilsport and embarrassing India, Pakistan will do precious little and even seek to retard energy cooperation across South Asia.
While work could continue on seeking to develop a South Asian energy grid, India would be well advised to seek the development of a sub-regional eastern energy grid, bringing together Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, all of whom are members of BIMSTEC (Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation). This grid can, in course of time, be extended to Myanmar and Thailand, given the vast hydroelectric potential of Arunachal Pradesh.
Moreover, the rail and road connectivity that India envisages to and through Myanmar should be linked to the development of communications with Bhutan, Nepal and Bangladesh. Combined with the development of Chabahar port in Iran guaranteeing access to Afghanistan and Central Asia, these measures will ensure that it is Pakistan and not India that remains economically disconnected from the rest of South Asia.
The Chinese effort to gatecrash into Saarc as a member, was deftly but firmly thwarted by India. After the visit of President Xi Jin Ping to the Maldives and Sri Lanka (countries he described as “pearls” in the Indian Ocean) and China’s growing economic and strategic profile in Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Afghanistan, with “silk routes” across India’s land and maritime frontiers, there are now greater concerns about Chinese policies of “containment” of India.
Asean members are bitter at the manner in which China, an Asean Dialogue Partner, used its economic clout in Cambodia in 2012 to divide Asean and prevent issue of the customary joint communiqué, which envisaged reference to widespread concern about Chinese policies on the South China Sea.
The Kathmandu summit rightly decided to direct the SAARC programming committee to engage SAARC observers like China, the US and others, in “productive, demand driven and objective project-based cooperation, in priority areas as identified by the (SAARC) Member States”.
India cannot allow China to become a ‘bull in a China shop’ in SAARC, as it did during the 2012 Asean summit.
The writer is a former High Commissioner to Pakistan
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Breaking up Google: A European manualA weekly column that helps you ask the right questions
Why does Europe want to break up Google?
Over the course of several (ongoing) antitrust lawsuits against Google in Europe, the European Parliament has realised that the online giant tends to manipulate search results. A lot. So it recently voted to break up the company.
When will this happen?
No one’s breaking up Google just yet. To be exact, the Parliament has approved a draft motion – through a legally irrelevant vote –asking the European Commission to consider dismantling Google as one of the options to reducing the search giant’s clout online. The technical term is “unbundling” Google’s search section from the company’s other commercial services, like YouTube or Gmail.
How will they do it?
Well, no one really knows. In fact, the members of the European Parliament who suggested the unbundling themselves do not know how to go about it. Most commentators seem to believe that this is highly unlikely. In fact, the union’s competition commissioner Joaquin Almunia, who began the antitrust investigations against Google, has said the EU currently does not have the laws required to break up companies.
Why are they hounding Google then?
Europe’s fears about the growing dominance of American digital technology took centre stage after Edward Snowden revealed that even the German Chancellor could be an easy victim to spying from across the Atlantic.
The Prism spying programme had direct access to Google, Facebook and Apple servers. So Google, which is said to control over 90 per cent of Europe’s online search market, is already on Europe’s bad books. Besides this, the draft resolution also says that it wants to break down barriers in digital commerce and even the online arena for local businesses.
So European companies are leading this charge?
Actually, at the forefront of the campaign against Google are American tech firms Microsoft and ratings aggregator Yelp. There’s also the Open Internet Project, which claims to speaks for hundreds of European internet companies when it says Google has too much sway online. Two of the Project’s key complaints are that Google uses its customer data to strengthen its own online position and that it makes “unannounced and unjustified” changes to its search algorithms which “promotes its own services and content and downgrades those of competitors, which may be more relevant to consumer’s queries.” Google’s search box, the project’s site says, is a threat to the digital economy.
What happens if Google is broken up?
Europe’s concerns have mainly to do with what it calls American companies’ disregard for data gathering and privacy. (The European Commission told Google in September that its citizens have the ‘right to be forgotten’ online.) However, with the latest move, some people are worried internet users will be the ones losing out if the data that Google gathers about them from their search patterns are excluded from their online adventures elsewhere at Google Inc. Besides, if making Google ‘unbiased’ reduces its ad revenue, will it mean the end of free online services?
So Google’s safe for now?
The EU Parliament’s call to break up Google is being interpreted as ineffectual legally but a politically powerful stance, as a warning sign to the behemoth that the whip’s going to be cracked if it continues to be evil.
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

What next for climate changeWhat next for climate change?
Leena Srivastava
redstone/shutterstock.com
It’s important for New Delhi to commit itself to a national agenda. International acknowledgment will follow
One of the key outcomes of the 18th conference of the Parties to Climate Change (COP) held in Doha in 2012, was around the timelines for further action. It was agreed that governments would “speedily work towards a universal climate change agreement covering all countries from 2020, to be adopted by 2015” and “find ways to scale up efforts before 2020 beyond the existing pledges to curb emissions”. At COP 19, held in Warsaw in November 2013, parties to the UNFCCC (UN Framework Convention on Climate Change) decided ‘to invite all Parties to initiate or intensify domestic preparations for their intended nationally determined contributions, without prejudice to the legal nature of the contributions, … towards achieving the objective of the Convention … and to communicate them well in advance of the twenty-first session of the Conference of the Parties (by the first quarter of 2015 by those Parties ready to do so) in a manner that facilitates the clarity, transparency and understanding of the intended contributions…”
As the world is heading to COP 20 to be held shortly in Lima, Peru, two significant developments have emerged. The first is the release of the various working group reports of the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) culminating in the release of the synthesis report, endorsed by all member governments, in early November 2014. This report underlined once again the contributions of human action to climate change, as well as the need for urgent action to address the challenge.
While bringing out in stark terms the increasing risks of inaction and the vulnerability from climate change, the report also highlighted the fact that we do have the “means to limit climate change” and that a variety of solutions exist which would allow economic growth and human development.
Positive signs
The second key development was the response of stakeholders at a UN summit in September where several governments, multi-lateral organisations, corporates and others made announcements that gave a sense of renewed purpose reinforced street outpourings in support of action to address climate change. As such, both science and a range of stakeholders have, in their own ways, provided an indisputable platform on which governments can make strong commitments if they so desire.
On the political side, the European Union announced its commitment to limit their emissions of greenhouse gases by 40 per cent by 2030 over 1990 levels. This was followed by commitments by the US and China to take positive action on reducing their contributions.
And finally, we have the G 20 countries’ statement calling for “strong and effective action to address climate change”. All this augurs well for the likelihood of an agreement in Paris, with Lima helping to define mechanisms and processes further. However, challenges still remain. The two most critical of these are: Will the agreement reached be ambitious enough to ensure that global temperature increases do not cross the 2 degrees Celsius ceiling but remains, hopefully, at levels that will limit temperature increase to about 1.5 degrees? Will there be enough support for an accelerated mitigation effort by developing countries as also the need to build adaptive capacity in these countries, given that the levels of committed climate change have increased in the last two decades of negotiations?
Irrespective of the answers, India is already under pressure to come up with a credible commitment of its own.
India under pressure
China, in its commitment of peaking its greenhouse gases by 2030 and increasing the share of non-fossil energy to 20 per cent in the same period, has revealed its willingness to show leadership and commitment and also kept some flexibility by taking a longer term perspective. China’s per capita carbon emission is about four times larger than India’s. At the domestic level, India has taken steps towards increasing renewable energy capacities, bringing about efficiency improvements and inviting investments in public transport systems.
However, we display a lack of confidence in seeking international acknowledgement. If we intend to increase the renewable energy capacity in the country to 100,000 MW in five years, we can make an international commitment to achieve this at least by 2025 or 2030. India needs to unambiguously articulate what it is planning to do — conditionally and unconditionally!
The writer is the Vice-Chancellor of TERI University
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Gold  silver prices fall on slack demand  globalcuesGold prices fell by Rs 160 to Rs 26,880 per 10 grams at the bullion market in national capital today as demand eased at prevailing levels amidst a weak global trend.
Silver also declined by Rs 100 to Rs 36,900 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units.
Traders said apart from slackened demand at existing higher levels from jewellers and retailers, a weak global trend mainly led to the fall in gold and silver prices.
Globally, gold in New York, which normally determines price trend on the domestic front, fell 1.18 per cent to USD 1,198.50 an ounce in yesterday’s trade as strengthening dollar curbed demand for the precious metal.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell by Rs 160 each to Rs 26,880 and Rs 26,680 per ten grams, respectively.
The yellow metal had clocked this year’s biggest single-day rise of Rs 840 to close at Rs 27,040 per 10 grams in yesterday’s trade.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 23,700 per piece of eight grams in limited deals.
In line with gold,, silver ready also fell by Rs 100 to Rs 36,900 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 270 to Rs 36,070 per kg.
On the other hand, silver coins continued their upward journey and rose by another Rs 1,000 to to Rs 62,000 for buying and Rs 63,000 for selling of 100 pieces on wedding season demand.
TAGS: Gold Price Silver Price
More from commodities
‘Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT William D Dar, director general of International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (Icrisat) which has its global headquarters in Hyderabad, has transformed the organisation into one of the best international agricultural research for development (AR4D) centres in terms of innovative and inclusive research programmes for better financial health and stability. In an interaction […]

Confusion over rate impact of eurozone QELast updated: December 3, 2014 1:48 pm
Confusion over interest rate impact of eurozone QE
Ralph Atkins in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f01936ca-7a30-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sage strikes cautious noteSage strikes cautious note as growth rises 4.9%
Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca97589e-7ac3-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Taiwan stirs political earthquake for ChinaTaiwan stirs a political earthquake for China
David Pilling
Some blame cheap Chinese labour for sucking away jobs and the mainland for property rises
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/606346fc-7949-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Future Group is ready to enter payment banking‘Future Group is ready to enter payment banking’
Our Bureau
SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya and Future Group CEO Kishore Biyani at the launch of shopping credit card Styleup PTI
Payment banking is an under-served market, says CEO Kishore Biyani
Mumbai, December 3:  
Kishore Biyani, Group CEO, Future Group is getting ready to enter the business of payment banking. The largest retailer is expected to apply for a license along with a slew of other retailers on January 6 next year.
“We are applying for a license to get into payment banking as it is an under-served market and are hoping to qualify for it,” said Biyani, on the sidelines of launching a co-branded credit card with the country’s largest public sector bank State Bank of India.
Future Group has over 300 outlets across the country which can be used for offering payment services.
Biyani, had recently said that the company has a large customer base as well as the technology in place to implement a payment bank.
Meanwhile, in a bid to push its fashion business further for its fbb (Fashion at Big Bazaar) format, the retailer has tied up with SBI cards for a co-branded credit card.
Targeting the youth
“We are targeting the youth through the launch of the co-branded credit card,” added Biyani.
Having sold its fashion business Pantaloon to the Aditya Birla Group, it is now building its fashion portfolio with its fbb brand of stores. The co-branding with SBI Cards is expected to help grow its fashion business further. Besides, fbb is also expected enter the e-commerce space.
In the past, Future Group had associated with ICICI Bank for credit card for women.
With a host of benefits, fbb-SBI style card will give a flat 10 per cent discount on all spends done at the 40 odd fbb stores and can also be used across the other formats like Big Bazaar and Food Bazaar.
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Hyderabad to host Kingfisher fashion weekHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hyderabad to host Kingfisher fashion week
Our Bureau
Designer Shivali Singh and actor Tanvi Vyas with Gurpreet Singh, Assistant Vice-President, Marketing, UB. - PV SIVAKUMAR
Will bring together 12 lead designers
Hyderabad, December 3:  
The fourth edition of Kingfisher Ultra Hyderabad international fashion week will be held from December 19 to 21.
The event will showcase a blend of traditional and contemporary ensembles. Organised together with Storm Fashion Company, it will be a three-day event designed by India’s leading fashion designers.
Gurpreet Singh, Assistant Vice-President, Marketing, United Breweries Limited, said, “Hyderabad has an enduring association with fashion and we are delighted to cement our fashion and good times connect with the city. Kingfisher Ultra as a brand strives to give its consumers the Ultra-fashion experience with the fashion week.” Actress Tanvi Vyas and Simran Kaur Mundi raised the curtains to the fashion show. They said this was an opportunity to showcase their collections in the city of the Nawabs. The event would bring together 12 lead designers and more than 40-45 models.
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Why SpiceJet flew into bad weatherAnjuli Bhargava: Why SpiceJet flew into bad weather
Anjuli Bhargava |  Dec 03, 2014 09:48 PM IST
The last couple of weeks almost all the newspapers and websites have published articles about low-cost airline SpiceJet and its possible buyout by new investors. Troubles for the airline seem to have piled up and it remains financially strapped. I'm sure its current management is trying its best to manage the crisis and I wish them luck. No one - the industry, the government, the flying public, you or me - wants to see another airline go the Kingfisher way.
The way things have developed holds some lessons for promoters and management of airlines - indeed any business - in India, although the string of airlines that have pulled down the shutters in the past - Damania, East West, Modiluft, MDLR, Paramount, NEPC, Kingfisher - should have taught them some already.
First, success in one business does not guarantee success in another. In both Vijay Mallya and Kalanithi Maran's case, they have done well in liquor and television businesses respectively (although both had virtual monopolies) but neither seems to have come to grips with aviation. Even Naresh Goyal, who has no other businesses, suffered the moment real competition came into the sector. What this implies is that it is easy to make money when you are a virtual monopoly; yet success in one sector is not a guarantee for success in another.
ALSO READ:  What led Jhunjhunwala to invest in SpiceJet
Second, at the first whiff of trouble, you can't just look towards consultants to solve your problems. Consultants have their own uses and they must be leveraged (I borrow this word from their lexicon) to that extent. But outsourcing your network - the heart of the business - as both Kingfisher and SpiceJet did, is a bit like Business Standard hiring McKinsey for advice on story ideas. It's a ludicrous idea. If you are an airline and you don't have the competence to decide where you ought to fly and where you don't, you truly have a problem on your hands. What is that entire network management team doing, one may ask.
Third, micro-managing a business that you don't as yet fully understand doesn't make sense if you have a good bunch of professionals doing the job for you. In the case of SpiceJet, for instance, neither Maran nor his aides seem to have real insights into the running of an airline, but they did have a strong and competent board and several professionals there to do the job for them. They chose instead to peer over their shoulders constantly, according to former employees. We have seen where this has got the company.
ALSO READ:  Aviation stocks: Clear skies, profitability still a question mark
Then, running any business through a conduit is definitely not the ideal way. Your own staff doesn't know what you want, whether the orders they hear come from you or your trusted aide. And while you may trust that aide totally, remember your orders and wishes are conveyed through his filter. It may work for a while but it is likely to give trouble in the long run. There is no replacement for speaking your mind and speaking it directly to those who are working for you.
And last, respect what you have got and try and nurture it; not just change for the sake of change. If you paid good money to buy something, you paid it because you saw some value, I assume. In the case of SpiceJet, there was a fairly large sum of cash on its books when Maran took charge. If he had changed little and just tried to build upon what he had, he might not have found himself where he does today.
The company came to the conclusion that the professionals on the rolls were too highly paid. So they got rid of some of them and replaced them with people who were not able to handle the task at hand and have now replaced them again with another set of people at far more inflated salaries. This party, of course, will not last but till Maran & Co wake up to this, it will be a huge drain on the bleeding company's finances.
Another point that this episode brings to my mind is that for some odd reason no Indian businessman or chief executive officer ever admits to having made a mistake. Acknowledging that you went wrong is the first step to correcting it. Even children understand that.

A road map for Digital IndiaShyam Ponappa: A road map for Digital India
Shyam Ponappa |  Dec 03, 2014 09:50 PM IST
With all the talk about Digital India, one would think it's taking off. But in reality, it isn't quite here yet - because of our confused approach to independent networks, and regulations that restrict efficient use of spectrum and radio networks. Oddly enough, we don't suffer this confusion about sharing other infrastructure, such as roads, rail, electricity networks or airports. We readily share these on payment, as is logical, but we simply haven't done this for broadband and communications. It's unlikely we'll achieve ubiquitous digital access with our current approach. There are too many problems and too few synergies, requiring radical changes in direction.
Our legacy practices have resulted in several independent, countrywide networks like arterial systems, each run by its owner/operator. These systems connect at the customer ends on their own, except when customers are outside their franchise areas. This requires massive capital investment in a multiplicity of redundant backbone and urban networks with insufficient rural coverage, for a start.
Even worse, our administrative rules are far more constraining than the technological limitations. So operators must win their own spectrum at auction as in countries with (a) not many operators and (b) more commercially available spectrum, even as technology has evolved to facilitate shared network solutions.
This creates two further obstacles for Digital India: operators must invest large sums in spectrum auctions for their exclusive-use bands, and limited bandwidth - for instance, in the 900 MHz band - must be subdivided between numerous operators at a location, resulting in suboptimal performance.
The one proposed exception to the multiplicity of uncoordinated networks is the National Optical Fibre Network (NOFN) from state-owned Bharat Broadband Network Ltd. The plan is that this will reach clusters of villages at the gram panchayat level, and be available to all service providers; but it is very far from ready.1 Even when it is complete, the last-mile access to end-users will need to be built. Much of the countryside requires wireless access using the radio spectrum, because laying fibre costs too much. And our approach to spectrum allocation is such that spectrum is simply unavailable.
The required changes must, therefore, address even basic assumptions, for example, whether operators must be restricted to circles; how to organise the infrastructure ownership, build-out and operation to facilitate countrywide access; how to compensate governments for usage rights, and network and spectrum owners for common-carrier access to their assets; how to structure incentives for content development and delivery for education, healthcare, civic services, commerce and entertainment and so on, as well as for domestic high-technology manufacturing. If this isn't done, the already high level of technology imports will rise to unsustainable levels, constraining not only this sector but the potential of most sectors of the economy.
We need policies and regulations framed in our collective best interests, defined thus:
Effective and efficient communications services at reasonable costs, paying reasonable taxes and government charges
 
Usage for government services, public safety and security, including the armed forces, paramilitary, governance, disaster management, and commercial and private purposes
As explained above, our present approach is unlikely to get us there. So what can be done?
As a first step, one sweeping change can solve part of this seemingly intractable problem: permitting spectrum sharing between primary users, such as defence and defence-related services, who will continue to have priority rights and authorised secondary users, as under way in the United States and the European Union (EU).2 In this manner, current holders retain their rights, while allowing the utilisation of otherwise idle spectrum. Defence and government users continue without any changes to their equipment and practices, except where feasible for purposes of international harmonisation, such as defence users swapping 15 MHz in the 2,100 MHz band for the 1,900 MHz band.
With this approach, critical defence and security applications are not compromised for government or commercial revenues. Instead, the spectrum would be more fully used, more traffic would generate higher earnings yielding greater revenue share and tax collections, while security retains the priority it deserves.
A prerequisite for this is a collaborative, end-to-end strategy and a problem-solving approach to formulating and executing policies, regulations and processes. The participants must include the central ministries and agencies (department of telecommunications, department of electronics and information technology, information and broadcasting, defence, finance, the armed forces, security agencies); the regulator (Telecom Regulatory Authority of India); state governments; public sector units and their associated ministries/departments; operators. The judiciary and the public must also be involved, because disruptive actions, such as those leading to the arbitrary cancellation of some 2G licences, can be as damaging as dysfunctional policies or regulations.
The second major change required is to transition to open-access shared networks, available on payment to all licensed operators/service providers (excluding the ambit of defence and security). It may be appropriate to have two, three or even four networks that are interconnected. This has to be worked out by the participants based on technology, economics, business interests and pragmatism in terms of what is achievable in given timeframes. The transition needs to be through consultation and negotiation, as it would not work well if imposed through government or judiciary diktat.
 
Simultaneously, trials must be conducted with new technologies, starting with wireless broadband utilising unused spectrum reserved for TV broadcasts ("TV white space"). Other countries have done much of the pioneering work. The EU scientists are recommending using TV white space for "super-Wifi" at the International Telecommunication Union's next World Radiocommunication Conference, instead of auctioning it.3
Our trials must validate solutions such as for rural broadband being workable in our situation and circumstances. These trials will need to be extended in phases, both in terms of scope and of scale - for example, for the active sharing of TV and other spectrum, and of radio access networks, through rural and urban field trials. These will test usage by multiple operators in a given area. Once proven, policies and procedures can be developed and implemented across the country.
1. For problems with deploying the NOFN or fibre-to-the-curb, see: " Reality check on the broadband dream "
2. "Model City for demonstrating and evaluating advanced sharing technologies": fcc.gov/document/fcc-and-ntia-model-city-advanced-sharing-technologies
3. factor-tech.com/connected-world/9769-scientists-urge-governments-to-turn-old-tv-frequencies-into-free-super-wifi/

Atmel to double head count at Chennai centreUpdated: December 3, 2014 22:57 IST
Atmel to double head count at Chennai centre
Special Correspondent
business (general)
Atmel Corp, maker of microcontrollers, capacitive touch screens and radio frequency products, will double its headcount at its development centre here in the next 3-5 years. The Nasdaq-listed firm’s Chennai unit was launched in 2007 and has 200 people at present.
“Our primary focus in India has been more of developing and growing our development centre and people. We are happy with the talent and progress made, and we would be doubling our head count in the next three-five years as we are here to stay for the long-term,” Atmel Corp President and CEO Steven Laub said.
The $1.4-billion firm spent 17 per cent on R&D, he added.
Atmel has 10 development centres across the globe, including North America, China, Taiwan, France, Germany and England.

Cartica sells stake in TTK PrestigeUpdated: December 3, 2014 22:52 IST
Cartica sells stake in TTK Prestige
Special Correspondent
stock options
Emerging markets-focused investment firm Cartica Capital sold 1.04 per cent stake or 1.21 lakh shares in TTK Prestige for about Rs.46.50 crore in two separate transactions through the open market route.
Cartica sold 61,000 shares (as per bulk deal data on BSE) and further 60,000 shares (as per bulk deal data on NSE). It sold the shares at Rs.3,840 per share. The information on the buyers was not available.
Prior to the transaction, Cartica had a 6.68 per cent stake in TTK Prestige and was the largest public institutional shareholder. In 2013, Cartica had bought the stakes through a preferential allotment of shares and then through an open market purchase of shares from the promoters at Rs.3,550 a share.

SapnaOnline buys Ishita TechnologiesUpdated: December 3, 2014 22:57 IST
SapnaOnline buys Ishita Technologies
business (general)
Ishita was valued at $13 million at the time of Series A funding round in 2012
SapnaOnline.com, the online arm of city-headquartered Sapna Book House, on Wednesday, said it acquired Ishita Technologies and its three brands - Bookadda.com, Acadzone.com and Koolskool.com - in an all cash deal.
However, the size of the transaction was not disclosed by the company.
Ishita Technologies was co-founded by serial entrepreneur Hemant Kohli, and has raised Series A funding from Zodius and Aarin Capital.
Going forward, the three brands will be operational in the same name.
SapnaOnline, founded in 2012, has revenue of around $1.5 million, and has a strong presence in the southern market. “We have a strong presence in the southern market, and want to increase our presence in the northern region. With the acquisition, we will be able to cater to the growing book demand in the northern region,” said Sapna Infoway founder and CEO Nijesh Shah.Ishita was valued at $13 million at the time of Series A funding round in 2012. As part of the deal, two warehouses in Delhi and Bengaluru, operated by Ishita, will become part of Sapna. At present, SapnaOnline operates around 11 warehouses in the South.
Acadzone provides digital test-preparation materials. Koolskool uses multi-channel retailing, and sells books to schools and institutions.

Technori Pitch: E-commerce and the  hybrid model  of store  cyberBelly CEO Logan LaHive is bullish on in-store retailing. That’s not surprising, given that his company builds onsite loyalty programs for retailers. Even though e-commerce is growing, he said, most retail goods are still sold in stores.
“There’s a huge opportunity for people bringing technology solutions to physical retail locations,” he said.
Jeff Ayars, VP of engineering at Groupon, said apps that enable delivery or in-store pickup for online purchases will do well.
“The disruption that will continue to come is around technology that will let local merchants make the experience better,” he said.
Threadless CEO Jake Nickell thinks emerging manufacturing technology may be a way for him to blend online sales with physical stores.
“We’ve talked about having a network of stores, all equipped with instant (T-shirt) printers,” he said.
E-commerce purchases would be routed to the store closest to the buyer and shipped from there, Nickell said.
Kalt said Reverb uses tools such as live chatting and email to “take the customer engagement you get in a physical store and bring it online.”
Panelists were mixed on the benefits of so-called Big Data, the massive and growing amount of customer information collected by retailers, payment processors and online marketers.
Reverb uses analytic tools to “cherry pick” the data it collects, “to help us learn about the behaviors of our customers so we can serve them up great product offerings,” Kalt said.
Nickell uses data to tell him what not to do.
“I try to look at it, and know it, and not just react to what it’s telling us to do but push beyond it,” he said.
For physical retailers, LaHive said, Big Data represents a lot of baloney — OK, so he didn’t say baloney — that’s short on useful information and that’s generated by corporate executives far removed from store locations.

Cipla  Meda sue Apotex in US over nasal spray patentHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Cipla, Meda sue Apotex in US over nasal spray patent
Our Bureau
Move comes after Apotex sought FDA nod for generically similar version of Meda’s Dymista
Mumbai, December 3:  
Swedish drug-maker Meda Pharmaceuticals Inc and India’s Cipla have sued Canadian pharmaceutical company Apotex in the US Federal District Court in Delaware to enforce their patents covering nasal spray Dymista.
The development was in response to Apotex’s filing with the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), seeking approvals for its generically similar version of Meda’s Dymista (azelastine HCl and fluticasone propionate), prior to the expiration of Dymista patents.
Apotex’s filing involves a patent challenge and Meda’s complaint was filed within 45 days of receiving Apotex’s Paragraph IV certification notice, Meda and Cipla said in a joint note.
The move triggers an automatic stay, preventing the FDA from approving Apotex’s ANDA (abbreviated new drug application) for 30 months from the receipt of the notice, unless ordered otherwise by a district court, the companies said.
In June last year, Cipla and Meda expanded their collaboration in the segment of allergic rhinitis, or allergies affecting the nasal airways.
Patent details
Meda has the global commercial rights on the product, excluding some markets where Cipla would take the lead, the companies had then said without giving details. Meda has exclusive licences to US Patent Nos 8,163,723 and 8,168,620, covering the Dymista composition and its approved uses, which does not expire until 2026, it said.
Meda holds the New Drug Application to manufacture and market Dymista in the US for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis. “Meda will vigorously enforce the Dymista patent rights against Apotex and any other company who challenges these patents”, Jörg-Thomas Dierks, Meda Chief Executive, said in the statement.
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Centre relaxes FDI rules in constructionCentre relaxes FDI rules in construction
Amiti Sen
The Government has also halved the minimum capital requirement for such projects from $10 million to $5 million for joint ventures with Indian partners.
Minimum built-up area reduced to 20,000 sq meters
New Delhi, December 3:  
The Government has formally notified a reduction in the minimum area and minimum capitalisation requirement for foreign investors in construction to attract more funds into the cash-starved sector.
Foreign investors can exit projects on its completion or on development of trunk infrastructure such as water supply, drainage, roads and street lighting, according to a Press Note released by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) on Wednesday.
The Press Note is based on the decision taken by the Cabinet for FDI in construction development in October this year.
The minimum built-up area requirement for FDI in construction projects has been reduced to 20,000 square meters from 50,000 sq.m.
For services plots, the minimum area requirement, earlier at 10 hectares, has been dropped completely.
Minimum capital requirement has also been halved to $5 million from $10 million.
For encouraging investments in affordable homes, the Centre has exempted the conditions of minimum floor area as well as capital requirement if an investee/joint venture company commits at least 30 per cent of the total project cost for low-cost housing.
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Review: The Best Place to Work© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a146bb9a-7a11-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukraines turn towards NatoSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Rebelling against bank regulationUK senior bank managers rebel against regulation Dec 03, 2014 - 8:00 am
Some senior bank managers have been reported to be on the point of resignation because of the onerous nature of the new regulatory structure that is set to be imposed on the industry. Patrick Jenkins discusses the new rules and the objections to them with Anthony Brown, chief executive of the British Bankers Association.

The Unintended Effects of Sanctions on RussiaIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

U.S. urges banks to consider cyber risk insurance amid hacking threats1
"Bankers rarely used to talk to me much about cybersecurity," she said at the event in Austin, according to prepared remarks. "Now, this is one topic that comes up every day."
The Federal Bureau of Investigation warned that hackers have used malicious software to launch destructive attacks on companies, following a massive breach at Sony Pictures Entertainment last week.
In August, JPMorgan Chase & Co. was subject to a new kind of phishing scam that sought to access customer credentials not just for the bank but for other financial institutions.
Raskin said more than 50 carriers now offer some form of cyber risk insurance, and Treasury was encouraging companies to develop insurance products that could improve firms' overall cyber protection.
"Ideally, we can imagine the growth of the cyber insurance market as a mechanism that bolsters cyber hygiene for banks across the board," she said.
The insurance broking arm of Marsh & McLennan Companies estimates the U.S cyber insurance market was worth $1 billion last year in gross written premiums and could reach as much as $2 billion this year. But many insurers are still trying to develop their skills in handling hackers and data breaches.
Raskin also said Treasury was working on an exercise to test communication among government agencies and financial institutions during a cyber attack.
Bankers and the government say they want to figure out ways law enforcement can alert financial firms about cyber attacks without violating the privacy of businesses that are victimized. Both sides have long complained that such concerns have hindered notification, preventing the industry from quickly adapting to emerging threats.
U.S. lawmakers were working on legislation that would lay out how companies can exchange more cybersecurity-related information with each other and the government, but made little progress in a busy election year.
(Reporting by Anna Yukhananov; Editing by Leslie Adler)

Kim Kardashian may not have broken the Internet  but Psys Gangnam Style literally just didBy Caitlin Dewey December 3 Follow @caitlindewey
Psy in New York in 2012 (John Carucci/AP)
“Gangnam Style,” the K-pop sensation that basically owned 2012, has been viewed so many millions of times that, two years later, YouTube’s view counter literally broke trying to tally it.
The site is upgrading that tool as a result, a spokesperson wrote on YouTube’s Google+ page . That means that in the future, YouTube will be able to accommodate videos with more than 2.147 billion views — which was, previously, the most views YouTube imagined a video could ever receive.
But that seems kind of weird and arbitrary, right? There are more than 7 billion people on the planet, and only 40 percent of them currently use the Internet, and more are signing on every day — YouTube’s view potential seems, if not limitless, at least very large. Why even set a view count ceiling? Why does this thing exist?
The short answer: MATH. (And if you never envisioned a world where “Gangnam Style” could teach you something on that subject, allow me to remind you that this is the Internet.)
We tend to think of numbers as infinite things — which of course, they are. In grade school, when you made number lines, you probably put 0 in the middle and stretched numbers going to infinity on the right and left.
That’s theoretical, though. In practice, “infinity” is kind of an unmanageable concept, even for computers — they don’t have infinite memory, after all. So, when we talk about how high computers can count, we don’t talk about “infinity on either side.” Instead, we talk about how many numbers registries can store, based on how it codes and displays them.
This is sort of complicated, so we won’t get into it too deep. But basically, YouTube codes its view count as a signed 32-bit integer, which means (a) it stores numbers as a string of 32 0s and 1s, with one of those slots reserved for determining if it’s a positive or negative number, (b) it can only count up to 2^(32-1), or 2,147,483,648, and (c) if it reaches that point, instead of counting to the next positive number, it will switch into negative integers. In terms of YouTube’s display, that would probably mean showing a view count of -2,147,483,647, which of course makes no sense.
This is, incidentally, a pretty big problem — and not just for YouTube.
A lot of data is stored or calculated as a signed 32-bit integer, which means a lot of things “max out” at 2,147,483,647. There are a number of video games, for instance, that calculate things this way. More pressingly, the IP system that’s been used since the 1980s only allows for 2^32 IP addresses, or roughly 4.3 billion — a number we’re closing in on, particularly as everything from our cars to coffee machines connect to the “Internet of things.” (This has, as you might guess, prompted a move to a new system .)
A lot of computer systems also store the date as a signed 32-bit integer, with each new tick to the right in the number line representing a second since Jan. 1, 1970. On Jan. 19, 2038 at 3:14:08 UTC, that second count will hit 2,147,483,647 — which means the date will reset. To 1901. (This is called the “Year 2038 Problem,” and its pretty analogous to Y2K.)
An illustration of the “Year 2038 problem.” Watch for when that bottom date hits 03:13:08. (Wikipedia)
In all of these cases, of course, the engineers who designed these systems have been limited by the storage and the systems they’re working with. But YouTube intimates that there’s something else going on here, as well: a failure to even imagine a use for numbers so big. (“We never thought a video would be watched in numbers greater than a 32-bit integer … but that was before we met PSY,” the company said. )
Funnily enough, that’s not a new problem. In fact, it’s been the curse of 2,147,483,647 almost since the number was proven by Leonhard Euler in 1772.
“[It] is the greatest perfect number known at present, and probably the greatest that ever will be discovered,” the mathematician Peter Barlow wrote in 1811 , “for as they are merely curious, without being useful, it is not likely that any person will attempt to find one beyond it.”
He was proved wrong in 1876, and again in 1883. Which perhaps goes to show that — where human curiosity is concerned, at least! — we may not want to set upward limits.
Many, many thanks to Brad Gould for fact-checking all things math in this post.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Buick  GMC spread American rootsBuick, GMC spread American roots
Caption 2015 GMC Sierra Denali 3500HD
Vanderkaay/GMC, Handout
The 2015 Sierra 3500 features an all-new exterior designed to reduce wind noise and enhance powertrain cooling for more consistent performance. The Sierra 3500 offers class-leading available payload and conventional towing.
The 2015 Sierra 3500 features an all-new exterior designed to reduce wind noise and enhance powertrain cooling for more consistent performance. The Sierra 3500 offers class-leading available payload and conventional towing. (Vanderkaay/GMC, Handout)
Caption 2015 GMC Sierra Denali 2500HD
GMC
Putting the heavy in heavy duty, this tow-friendly monster rounded out our trio. A 6.0-liter, V-8 turbodiesel churns out 397 horsepower and 765 pound-feet of torque an tow up to 13,000 pounds. It's bolted to a six-speed Allison automatic transmission.
Putting the heavy in heavy duty, this tow-friendly monster rounded out our trio. A 6.0-liter, V-8 turbodiesel churns out 397 horsepower and 765 pound-feet of torque an tow up to 13,000 pounds. It's bolted to a six-speed Allison automatic transmission. (GMC)
Interior of the 2014 GMC Sierra.
Interior of the 2014 GMC Sierra. (GM, Handout)
Caption 2015 GMC Canyon SLT Crew Cab
GM, Handout
The all-new 2015 GMC Canyon with available chrome accessory package. The 2015 Canyon offers a diverse collection of work- and lifestyle-supporting accessories from a bed liner and innovative cargo management system to a custom tonneau cover, removable cargo rings, tool box and more.
The all-new 2015 GMC Canyon with available chrome accessory package. The 2015 Canyon offers a diverse collection of work- and lifestyle-supporting accessories from a bed liner and innovative cargo management system to a custom tonneau cover, removable cargo rings, tool box and more. (GM, Handout)
Caption 2015 GMC Yukon Denali
General Motors/ Wieck Media photo
2015 GMC Yukon Denali starts at $62,680.
2015 GMC Yukon Denali starts at $62,680. (General Motors/ Wieck Media photo)
Buick, GMC emerge from bankruptcy into global market with fresh upscale models.
GMC Buick reestablish American roots in GM's upscale global push.
As the drama settled after General Motors' 2009 bankruptcy, people asked why Buick and GMC were saved while Pontiac and Saturn were not. In short, both are strategically, financially, and historically important to GM. Besides the emotional tug as cornerstones of the corporation, Buick and GMC make lots of money.
In North America, Buick outsells Acura, Audi, Infiniti, and Lincoln. Thanks to those catchy "That's a Buick!?" commercials, sales are up 12 percent year to date. That may surprise you, but Buick also sold 1.03 million vehicles globally during 2013 — three-fourths in China, where it retains prestige from when it was popular with political leaders.
Fuel-efficient and versatile updates to the 2015 Chevrolet Suburban and Tahoe, GMC Yukon, Cadillac Escalade, as well as the 2015 Ford Expedition and Lincoln Navigator, bring relevance back to a dwindling segment. ( Kirk Bell, Special to the Tribune )
"Buick is GM's second biggest brand on a global basis — second only to Chevrolet," said Duncan Aldred, vice president of sales, services and marketing for Buick and GMC. "Its role is to harvest opportunities in the U.S. and China."
GMC is more regional in North America and Middle East, Aldred says, but is still a profit-driver. A key reason is the Denali sub-brand that represents 20 percent of GMC sales.
"Denali is a jewel in the crown of GMC," Aldred said.
These trucks appeal to buyers who are looking for top-flight luxury without flaunting something as brash as a Cadillac. Denali outsells Porsche, Land Rover, and Jaguar.
Unpretentious luxury
Buick and GMC make a handsome pair in shared showrooms because both stand for unpretentious luxury, fitting between Chevrolet and Cadillac like an American Acura.
8
Buick references its American past with waterfall grilles, portholes and sweepspear surfacing. David Buick organized the Buick Manufacturing Company in Detroit during 1902. A year later, Buick moved to Flint, Mich., under the wing of Billy Durant, who used it to launch General Motors in 1908. The same year, Durant acquired truck builders Rapid and Reliance, which formed GMC in 1911.
Despite deep American roots, the brands have a global imprint. LaCrosse was styled in Shanghai, while Regal cribs the German Opel Insignia. While the flagship three-row Enclave crossover is assembled in Lansing, Mich., the small Encore hails from Korea. Pricing ranges from $24,160 for the Encore to $50,000 for a loaded LaCrosse.
GMC's domestic focus allows boldly styled trucks for professionals. Think of the Sierra 3500HD with an Allison transmission and turbo-diesel that can tow 23,000 pounds. Or, the more civilian Yukon SUV. The Acadia three-row crossover, Terrain mid-size crossover, and new Canyon mid-size pickup expand GMC ownership to those without need for industrial strength. Enter the brand through a $21,000 Canyon and exit around $70,000 via Yukon XL Denali.
"GMC is the most clearly defined and consistent brand within GM," Aldred said. "It offers bold styling, capability, and precisely crafted interiors."
It's no secret these brands share platforms with Chevrolet. More standard features and glitzier styling are the key differentiators. These brands offer value, but also tell neighbors you're on your way.
cComments
Those "That's a Buick??" ads are neat, but if they drew people to the showrooms to find only the same old Centuries and LeSabres, they'd just turn around and walk out. Buick's resurgence can be explained by two things: a complete overhaul of the product lineup, and...
DaveB9
Customer perspective
One better understands Buick and GMC's challenges and opportunities by listening to customers.
"The first thing that caught my eye was the look of it," said Lisa Owensby of Indianapolis, of her Sierra Denali. "To me, Denali looked like an expensive car — more luxurious. What really caught my eye was the color: Diamond White."
More importantly, trucks like Denali introduce new buyers to General Motors.
"I had never considered GMC before," Owensby said. "We have always driven more foreign cars — Toyota, Kia, BMW … After riding in it, I really fell in love. I would never have considered GM before, but like it and would consider (other GM models)."
If Buick and GMC's biggest challenge is enticing people to step over their image, new vehicles will ease the journey.
Better tomorrows
"These are two brands that are growing very fast here in North America," Aldred said. "Customers can be very proud to drive them. We're successful now, but have big plans for the future."
Domestically, Envision would be a natural competitor for the Lexus RX and Acura MDX. Buick's version of the Opel Cascada convertible will add a sexy alternative to the Audi A3 and acknowledge those still asking for another Riviera. Expect future styling to shadow the recent Opel Monza concept's flowing lines and neat creases.
"Buick is trying to redefine itself," said Jessica Caldwell, senior analyst at Edmunds. "In China, the image is clearer. There was a hole in the lineup and the new Envision crossover falls between Encore and Enclave. Compact crossovers are important; Buick needs one larger than Encore. The new ad campaign gets people to think, 'Should I look at a Buick?'"
Both Buick and GMC have bright futures and solid places in the GM family.
"GMC is riding well right now, led by the economy and construction," Caldwell said. "Denali is a brand people recognize; it really signifies the top-end of trucks. It doesn't make sense to have a small crossover; I don't see them really going into anything else."
Across showrooms, a Canyon Denali would attract females and urbanites while a compact like the recent GMC Granite concept could lure Gen-Y. GMC styling will continue to include chiseled fenders and industrial-chic chrome grilles.
"GMC is positioned as Professional Grade and needs to be a higher-echelon product," Caldwell added. "Buick has hit the lowest point they are going to hit. Chinese growth is still massive. In the U.S., it's positive long-term."
 

2015 GMC Buick galleryCaption 2015 GMC Sierra Denali 3500HD
Vanderkaay/GMC, Handout
The 2015 Sierra 3500 features an all-new exterior designed to reduce wind noise and enhance powertrain cooling for more consistent performance. The Sierra 3500 offers class-leading available payload and conventional towing.
The 2015 Sierra 3500 features an all-new exterior designed to reduce wind noise and enhance powertrain cooling for more consistent performance. The Sierra 3500 offers class-leading available payload and conventional towing. (Vanderkaay/GMC, Handout)
Caption 2015 GMC Sierra Denali 2500HD
GMC
Putting the heavy in heavy duty, this tow-friendly monster rounded out our trio. A 6.0-liter, V-8 turbodiesel churns out 397 horsepower and 765 pound-feet of torque an tow up to 13,000 pounds. It's bolted to a six-speed Allison automatic transmission.
Putting the heavy in heavy duty, this tow-friendly monster rounded out our trio. A 6.0-liter, V-8 turbodiesel churns out 397 horsepower and 765 pound-feet of torque an tow up to 13,000 pounds. It's bolted to a six-speed Allison automatic transmission. (GMC)

Men alone should no longer run financeMen alone should no longer run finance
John Gapper
At this rate, women should achieve executive parity in about 120 years, well into the 22nd century
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56f28696-7949-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Europes patents throttled by red tapeDecember 3, 2014 3:03 pm
Red tape and cost lie behind Europe’s poor patent performance
Sarah Gordon, Business Editor
The long-promised single EU patent cannot come soon enough
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0dfccfe4-7a36-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A political chancellors delusional plan© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f89e774a-7956-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bank of Cyprus: caged bears© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/57d4077c-7afe-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vale: the family nickel© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/73968fea-7ad4-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Telenor/TeliaSonera: connecting you now© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f477aff8-7af8-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft: jokes over© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3159abfa-7b0e-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Suresh Prabhakar PrabhuUnder-invested for long time, Railways need funds: Prabhu
Dec 15, 2014 at 15:31 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu discussed various options like monetisation, securitization and using PSUs as a conduit of investing in Railways.
Railways have no funds, need big investment: Suresh Prabhu
Dec 13, 2014 at 12:16 | Source: IBNLive.com
"Railways require big investment. There is no fund for investment. There is requirement of Rs 6 lakh crore to Rs 8 lakh crore for completion of announced projects," Prabhu said at the Agenda Aaj Tak event in New Delhi.
Prabhu meets investors to discuss Rly projects' framework
Dec 05, 2014 at 13:05 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Though Prabhu welcomed investments in the sector, he made it clear that Railways will continue to be owned by the government.
Prabhu assuages fears over privatisation of Railways
Dec 03, 2014 at 15:43 | Source: PTI
Ever since the Narendra Modi-led government came to power, there has been a lot of talk on foreign and private investments in the Railways. The unions, who represent close to 20 lakh employees of the state-run transporter, have opposed such measures.
More delegation of power to railway zones in offing: Prabhu
Nov 29, 2014 at 15:06 | Source: PTI
Steps are being taken for greater delegation of powers to all the 16 railway zones of the country, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu said here.
E Sreedharan submits interim report to Suresh Prabhu
Nov 27, 2014 at 17:49 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The report will suggest proper systems and procedures to ensure accountability and transparency at the general managers and other functionaries' level. This will help streamline all commercial decisions including that of tendering.
UPL director Suresh Prabhu resigns
Nov 12, 2014 at 21:49 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
UPL has informed that Mr. Suresh Prabhu, Independent and Non- executive Director has submitted his resignation from the Board of Directors of the Company with effect from November 07, 2014. At the next Board meeting of the Company,
Will PM thrive by Pareto Principle mode to ministry making?
Nov 11, 2014 at 19:26 | Source: Firstpost.com
There are around 18 ministers crucial for outcomes  of which seven have to deliver independently, and the remaining 11 in partnership with Modis PMO. Or at least half-deliver.
PM's Cabinet swell: As much about politics as performance
Nov 11, 2014 at 12:08 | Source: Firstpost.com
Modi's message to ministerial hopefuls and India in general is: show me what you are capable of and I may have something for you.
Safety, customer satisfaction will be my priority: Prabhu
Nov 10, 2014 at 18:40 | Source: PTI
"The Prime Minister has decided that the condition (of railways) has to change...Our two focus areas will be customer service and railway safety as passenger safety is increasingly becoming an area of concern," he said.
Under-invested for long time, Railways need funds: Prabhu
Dec 15, 2014 at 15:31 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu discussed various options like monetisation, securitization and using PSUs as a conduit of investing in Railways.
Railways have no funds, need big investment: Suresh Prabhu
Dec 13, 2014 at 12:16 | Source: IBNLive.com
"Railways require big investment. There is no fund for investment. There is requirement of Rs 6 lakh crore to Rs 8 lakh crore for completion of announced projects," Prabhu said at the Agenda Aaj Tak event in New Delhi.
Prabhu meets investors to discuss Rly projects' framework
Dec 05, 2014 at 13:05 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Though Prabhu welcomed investments in the sector, he made it clear that Railways will continue to be owned by the government.
Prabhu assuages fears over privatisation of Railways
Dec 03, 2014 at 15:43 | Source: PTI
Ever since the Narendra Modi-led government came to power, there has been a lot of talk on foreign and private investments in the Railways. The unions, who represent close to 20 lakh employees of the state-run transporter, have opposed such measures.
More delegation of power to railway zones in offing: Prabhu
Nov 29, 2014 at 15:06 | Source: PTI
Steps are being taken for greater delegation of powers to all the 16 railway zones of the country, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu said here.
E Sreedharan submits interim report to Suresh Prabhu
Nov 27, 2014 at 17:49 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The report will suggest proper systems and procedures to ensure accountability and transparency at the general managers and other functionaries' level. This will help streamline all commercial decisions including that of tendering.
UPL director Suresh Prabhu resigns
Nov 12, 2014 at 21:49 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
UPL has informed that Mr. Suresh Prabhu, Independent and Non- executive Director has submitted his resignation from the Board of Directors of the Company with effect from November 07, 2014. At the next Board meeting of the Company,
Will PM thrive by Pareto Principle mode to ministry making?
Nov 11, 2014 at 19:26 | Source: Firstpost.com
There are around 18 ministers crucial for outcomes  of which seven have to deliver independently, and the remaining 11 in partnership with Modis PMO. Or at least half-deliver.
PM's Cabinet swell: As much about politics as performance
Nov 11, 2014 at 12:08 | Source: Firstpost.com
Modi's message to ministerial hopefuls and India in general is: show me what you are capable of and I may have something for you.
Safety, customer satisfaction will be my priority: Prabhu
Nov 10, 2014 at 18:40 | Source: PTI
"The Prime Minister has decided that the condition (of railways) has to change...Our two focus areas will be customer service and railway safety as passenger safety is increasingly becoming an area of concern," he said.
Videos »

Melting Pot Urgency: Attracting and Educating Entrepreneurs for the U.S.reddit
SUMMARY
Attracting foreign-born talent and teaching entrepreneurial skills are vital to the economic vibrancy of the United States. The United States needs new programs to recruit and retain immigrant entrepreneurs, strengthen K-12 education, and stress experiential, collaborative learning at all levels of education to create jobs and lead the global economy as the world's entrepreneurship engine.
If every country has a business model, the United States' is entrepreneurial capitalism, in contrast to China's manufacturing, India's cheap services, Japan's and Germany's high-end manufacturing, France's and Italy's production of luxury goods, and other countries' expertise in commodities.
Nonetheless, the United States ranked 6th--behind Switzerland, the United Kingdom, Sweden, Finland, and the Netherlands--out of 143 economies in the 2014 Global Innovation Index, which assessed each country by measuring its institutional environment, education and research quality, physical and environmental infrastructure, market and business sophistication, and innovation outputs.
What can the United States do to strengthen its entrepreneurial edge?
Welcoming foreign-born entrepreneurs
The United States must improve its welcome for foreign-born entrepreneurs. Forty percent of U.S. Fortune 500 companies were created by immigrants or their children, according to the Partnership for a New American Economy. Of the top 50 venture-backed technology companies in 2011, 24 had at least one foreign-born founder, and in 2012 these firms generated 560,000 jobs and produced $63 billion in sales, according to estimates in the Kauffman Foundation's March 2014 economy digest.
For example,Chobani's founder,Hamdi Ulukaya, grew up in a rural Kurdish region of Turkey and came to the United States to study English. He refurbished a defunct yogurt plant in upstate New York, and his brand of Greek yogurt grew to first place in the country, with over $1.3 billion in sales in 2013.PayPal cofounder Max Levchin is a Ukrainian-born computer scientist who narrowly escaped the 1986 Chernobyl disaster and moved to Chicago. He studied at the University of Illinois at Urbana- Champaign and went on to start PayPal, an e-commerce business allowing easy money transfers. It was sold to eBay for $1.5 billion in 2002. Google,Yahoo!,and eBay itself all had foreign-born founders.
A proposed "startup visa" program would reshape current U.S. visa policies to allow foreign-born founders to stay in the United States and grow their businesses. The new program would award temporary visas on the basis of outside capital that applicants have raised or revenues generated from U.S. sales,and later grant them permanent residence once their businesses had met a quota for employing U.S.citizens. This program would put the United States in the same league as Canada, New Zealand,and other countries that recruit entrepreneurs with special visas and funding.
Retaining foreign students
Awarding permanent residence to foreign graduates of U.S. universities, many in science, engineering, technology, and math (STEM) fields, would also help retain much-needed technical talent. Nearly 820,000 international students were enrolled in U.S. colleges and universities in
2012-13, 7.2 percent more than in 2011-12, according to the Institute of International Education. Stapling green cards to their diplomas could boost the potential for U.S. innovation.
Strengthening education
How is the United States best preparing its own up-and-coming generation for entrepreneurship? First, high schools targeted toward STEM education are emerging across the country. The North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics, Illinois Mathematics and Science Academy, Thomas Jefferson High School in Virginia, and the Texas T-STEM Initiative all represent this trend.
Second, at all levels project-based learning (PBL) is emerging. In PBL, students work in teams on real-life examples, instead of listening to a teacher's lessons and being tested individually.The idea is to teach students how to work and learn together on projects that excite them. PBL resembles entrepreneurial systems, where people collaborate all the time (no one starts a company completely alone), and differs from usual education systems, where collaboration can be viewed as cheating. An outside-the-classroom PBL example at the junior high and high school level is FIRST Robotics, in which students form teams that build robots to participate in competitions performing prescribed tasks.The students learn about math, science, and engineering, and acquire lifelong critical reasoning skills--a key goal of FIRST Robotics founder Dean Kamen.
At the college level, the same teamwork logic is being applied directly to stimulate entrepreneurship.The Launch Pad program at the University of Miami, Syracuse Student Sandbox at Syracuse University, and Start X at Stanford University all promote experiential education by partnering student entrepreneurs with angel investors and alumni entrepreneurs to create actual businesses.
Collaborative learning programs are developing not just at business schools,but also at medical and law schools, arts academies and design schools, and in other disciplines.
• The United States should welcome foreign-born entrepreneurs. A new program of "startup visas"can admit immigrants for residence who meet criteria for investment and employment of U.S.citizens.
• U.S.residence should also be awarded to international graduates of U.S. higher education, especially in STEM disciplines.
• A strengthened K-12 education system can teach the STEM skills needed for innovation.
• Project-based learning at all educational levels can promote the collaboration, creativity, and enthusiasm that make entrepreneurship thrive.
Amy Wilkinson is a Global Fellow of the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars.
Follow Amy Wilkinson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/amywilkinson
More:

Feelings and Emotions Affect Workplace Performancereddit
"Feelings" isn't a word that you often hear in meetings or see printed on agendas, and sometimes, the significance of employees' emotions and responses is overlooked entirely. This shouldn't be the case.
Gallup quantified the link between employee feelings and corporate outcomes, reporting that lost productivity due to disengaged staff costs the U.S. economy up to $350 billion annually. You might ask, why is the price tag so high?  It's because human emotions are real and they impact a wide range of material business metrics, from a company's share price, to the value of its brand, through to its customer service rating.
A separate Gallup study by researcher James K. Harter and his colleagues found that business unit sales and profits at one point in time are predicted by employees' feelings at earlier points in time. People's emotions impact their performance, and if they're healthy and happy they perform better.
When it comes to the design of workplace well-being, too many employers fail to step back and address  this fundamental question of what employees are thinking and feeling. In addition, the advent of wearables means much of the discourse surrounding health and performance gets tangled up with technology, but this overlooks the fact that employees aren't just numbers, or algorithms, or data sets. They're people, and empathy, as well as electronic gadgets, is key to setting them on the path to health and happiness.
The dynamics of getting employees moving is pure science; the consensus says that people should be taking 10,000 steps per day, and that making this a sustainable habit takes around one hundred days . These facts are the bare bones of the GCC program, but the real success rests squarely on the responses and the emotional commitment of employees who feel empowered to take responsibility for their own well-being.
Over the past 11 years, 1.5 million participants have been put through the program, and the positive health outcomes they report are incredibly consistent; reductions in BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, all of which are clearly measurable. These employees feel in control, they believe their organization cares about their health, and they thrive in a culture that ultimately benefits everyone.
Productivity measures across national economies have captivated the attention of policy makers and business leaders alike, and in today's knowledge economy, productivity is determined purely by the energy and creativity of the people who get things done every day.
Follow Glenn Riseley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GlennRiseley
More:

Anatomy of a diplomatic handshakeUpdated: December 4, 2014 01:09 IST
Anatomy of a diplomatic handshake
Ashok K. Mehta
Tweet
Reuters
“Thawing the cold India-Pakistan relations became paramount at the SAARC summit in Kathmandu.” Picture shows the leaders of the two countries at the summit.
TOPICS
politics (general)
Contrary to reports, the hugely publicised handshake between Nawaz Sharif and Narendra Modi at the SAARC summit was preceded by other exchanges of pleasantries
On November 27, the second day of the SAARC summit, Kathmandu newspapers showed a grim looking Nawaz Sharif and a grumpy looking Narendra Modi on their front pages. Both were sitting on the dais, seemingly oblivious to each other, with the Kathmandu Post headline reading: “So close yet so far.” Tensions between India and Pakistan had clouded the SAARC summit with the Kathmandu Declaration also in trouble due to Islamabad expressing reservations over three proposed regional agreements for connectivity and integration: motor vehicles, rail and energy cooperation. Regionalism, bilateralism and sub-regionalism are all enmeshed in a SAARC hostage to the perennial coldness between New Delhi and Islamabad.
Thawing the cold relations became paramount. Contrary to visuals and reports, the hugely publicised long handshake between Mr. Sharif and Mr. Modi at the end of the concluding session of the summit was actually preceded by at least two other exchanges of pleasantries: the first was in the holding half prior to the inaugural session where leaders arrive in country-alphabetical order. Mr. Modi, having reached before Mr. Sharif, shook his hand the second time after his own inaugural in New Delhi in May this year. At the Dhulikhel retreat they shook hands a second time around, and went unaccompanied by aides for a walk in the woods around Dwarika Shangri La. After that they sat around the same table at lunch. They also met during Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala and President Ram Baran Yadav’s banquets. The display of bonhomie was aplenty, but without any public ‘evidence’ other than the November 27 handshake where an animated conversation could be deciphered through lip reading. Elsewhere, cloak and dagger stories were doing the rounds: like for example, miffed by India’s refusal to resume the composite dialogue, Mr. Sharif was prepared to wreck the summit.
Breaking the deadlock
A day before, on November 26, Foreign Ministers hit a cul-de-sac. The Kathmandu Declaration was deadlocked. While India wanted all the three agreements or none, Pakistan blocked all three saying it had to take its four provinces along. The Declaration document was sent to Mr. Koirala who had to do some back-channelling in order to create a level-playing field at Dhulikhel. He told Mr. Modi that he was the regional leader and must act appropriately; otherwise there would be no worthwhile Kathmandu Declaration. The Modi-Sharif walk in the woods broke the ice as did the charmed yellow scarf of Goddess Baglamukhi in Patan that the leaders wore at the retreat. Before the sun set over the majestic Mount Everest visible from Dhulikhel, a compromise had been cobbled together. Both Mr. Sharif and Mr. Modi had agreed to the electricity cooperation agreement, and with gentle persuasion, Mr. Sharif also agreed to SAARC transport Ministers hammering out an agreement on motor and rail connectivity within three months.
“The takeaways from Kathmandu were images of Mr. Sharif and Mr. Modi, transformed from being grim and grumpy at the inaugural session to beaming and blushing at the concluding ceremony”
A visibly relieved Mr. Koirala flew back to Kathmandu to rework the Kathmandu Declaration, which contained at least one agreement on power cooperation. The motor and rail connectivity pacts have been in the works for the last eight years and may soon see the light of day when India-Pakistan tensions relax. It is tragic that yet another opportunity was missed in reviving the stalled India-Pakistan dialogue. India cannot be a great power without tackling outstanding issues with Pakistan and not letting them fester. SAARC fortunes and regional growth are tied to this critical relationship. Not just the coldness between India and Pakistan, but also Islamabad’s efforts to push Beijing, currently an observer on SAARC, for an enhanced role cast a shadow. At this rate, only modest and incremental progress can be expected from SAARC. Conversation has begun on reviewing the SAARC charter to consider including bilateral issues; permit sub-regional groupings and replace unanimity with majority vote.
Bilateral meetings were held among all eight countries except India and Pakistan. The India-Nepal bilateral was a whopping success. Mr. Modi, in fact, spent a third of his time in this and meeting leaders of Nepal’s fractured political parties. Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj and National Security Adviser Ajit Doval skipped some events to interact with all hues of leaders to get the once-failed constitution ready by the January 22, 2015 deadline. Mr. Modi even offered advice on drafting the constitution through consensus and not voting, as this could lead to problems later. With his ‘Neighbourhood First’ policy working brilliantly in Nepal, bilateral ties have been transformed dramatically in just four months after his first visit to Nepal earlier this year when he captured the hearts and minds of all Nepalese. Hydel projects, power trade, road and rail connectivity, and trade and commerce agreements have been signed, and some implemented in record time.
Mr. Koirala, the saviour
For four full days, Kathmandu’s $300 million makeover, ahead of the summit, held steady. There were 40,000 police personnel and army commandos who had secured the Kathmandu valley, depriving many locals the right of passage. Still officials were on pins and needles as helicopters hovered overhead and roads remained blocked for long spells of time. On November 28, after all the leaders left, Nepal declared a holiday with all the police, except the traffic teams, remaining invisible. The unsung hero who prevented a failed summit was Mr. Koirala.
The takeaways from Kathmandu were images of Mr. Sharif and Mr. Modi, transformed from being grim and grumpy at the inaugural session to beaming and blushing at the concluding ceremony. There was some talk but not what Mr. Sharif wanted. The robust handshake was phenomenally different from Gen. Pervez Musharraf’s surprise extension of his hand at the January 2002 Kathmandu SAARC inaugural, days after the attack on India’s Parliament. Later, then Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee had extended his hand of friendship to his Pakistani counterpart, but unfortunately, things fell apart after the 26/11 blasts in Mumbai in 2008, which coincided with the present summit. Sadly there are no acche din for the region now. And as the French say, the more things appear to change, the more they remain the same.
(Gen. Ashok K. Mehta is convener of the Track II India-Afghanistan and India-Pakistan policy groups and was in Kathmandu for SAARC-related conferences.)

The Coming Retail Singularityreddit
In 1993, a US scientist named Vernor Vinge wrote an essay entitled "The Coming Technological Singularity: How to Survive in the Post-Human Era" . Vinge's "Singularity" was the time "within thirty years (when) we will have the technological means to create superhuman intelligence. Shortly after, the human era will be ended." Cheery stuff! And his view was ahead of its time, when you consider that the Internet age had not yet dawned in the early Nineties.
Way before we get to Vinge's apocalyptic state (a view that is shared, by the way, by Stephen Hawking and other opinion-leaders ), I believe that in retail we are headed for our own "Singularity". This is the point when physical and digital retail worlds merge to a stage where separation is meaningless; when bricks and mortar stores are as smart (or smarter) than the web; when your likes, dislikes, details and shopping history are remembered effortlessly; and when a level of Artificial Intelligence delights shoppers, no matter where they choose to browse and buy. Forget offline or online - the Retail Singularity will erase any such lines. And "omnichannel" will be recalled as a quaint term from the past.
In retail evolutionary terms, we are still crawling out of the primordial sludge when it comes to Singularity, but before we know it, we will be walking upright and running.
You can already get a glimpse of what's to come in concepts like the recently opened Rebecca Minkoff stores in New York's SoHo and San Francisco's Fillmore Street. Fueled by eBay technology, the stores aim to "blend the best of e-commerce with bricks and mortar", as Minkoff told "shopping and style intelligence site" Racked . Minkoff's brother and CEO Uri said in the same post that this is breakthrough because there have been "no real advances in retail since the Apple Stores." (Oh really? How about Burberry Regent St, or Hointer?) But salesmanship aside, there are indeed some cool (and useful) things about these stores.
Step inside and you encounter a giant high definition mirrored touchscreen, where shoppers can browse looks, select styles to be whisked to a change room, and even order a complimentary beverage.
Once in the dressing rooms, RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) tagged merchandise activates the mirror and tells you what other sizes and colors are available in store. If the dress you chose doesn't fit, no problem. Tap the screen and summon another. Once you're happy, another tap of the mirror/screen switches the lighting, so you can see what you look like in different conditions, for example a "Hudson River Sunset" (if you're in the NY store).
Load the Rebecca Minkoff app on your smartphone, and you can maintain a record of what you've tried on and check out right from the change room on PayPal. In exchange, Minkoff gets the prized data that physical stores don't normally provide.
I asked my wife and daughter to test-shop the new Rebecca Minkoff store in New York last week. The biggest compliment they offered was that the merchandise stood out in favor of the technology. (That's good, because product should be the hero, the shopper the master, and digital the servant.) Once the tech was pointed out, they thought it was "cool".
Like other lab experiments, including last year's "shoppable windows" from Kate Spade (also powered by eBay), the Rebecca Minkoff store is merely the advance party of the coming Retail Singularity.  And far from disastrous, this could be the most exciting thing to happen to retail in years. Stay tuned.
Follow Jon Bird on Twitter: www.twitter.com/thetweetailer
More:

UP sugar mills startcrushingSugar prices under pressure over Brazilian dumping
After the initial hiccups, as many as 81 sugar mills out of 119 in Uttar Pradesh have got into cane crushing operations. Just over two weeks into the new crushing season, the mills have procured 161. 04 quintal cane to produce 13.91 lakh quintal sugar.
During the same period last year, only 30 mills had started crushing and had produced 2.11 lakh quintal of sugar. The recovery of sugar, too, has shown an increase this year with an average of 8.64% against 7.48% in the same period last year.
The early conclusion of talks between the government and mills on subsidies and other incentives this year seems to have helped the industry.
The payment of last year’s cane dues, too, has also shown a positive trend with mills managing to pay off R18,230.70 crore out of the total R19,388.17 crore. “The cane dues for the season 2013-14 have now come down to R1,157 crore and we are trying to get the mills to pay off the remaining dues at the earliest,” said an official of the sugarcane department, adding that the total dues should be cleared by the middle of December.
Of the 81 mills that have started crushing, 61 are private mills while 19 are run by the Uttar Pradesh State Sugar Cooperative Federation and one by the UP Sugar Corporation. “There is no reason to worry as late crushing is not likely to hamper the final sugar production figure in a big way.
Sugar recovery improves only when the cane matures properly as is the case this year. Though we started late, it will not make a big difference on the final sugar production figures,” said a sugar miller.
However, according to industry experts, the flip side of this delay is the probability of cane getting diverted to the unorganised sector. “The unorganised sector, comprising kolhus, crushers and khandsari units, usually takes advantage of the delay in start of crushing. And for all those farmers who are unable to wait for the mills to start operating and are in desperate need of money, the only option is to go to these units and sell their crop at a much lower price,” an expert said.
Usually, an average of 50% of the total sugarcane produced by the state is drawn by sugar mills while 30% goes towards making gur, 5% towards khandsari units and the rest 15% towards seeds and as fodder. “By starting late, the millers have allowed the unorganised sector to make inroads into cane availability. As it is, none of the mills has enough cane to last the entire season and most of the time they are running the mills on around 70% capacity only due to shortage of cane,” said an  industry source.
“A lot of effort is put into identification and introduction of new varieties, inter-cropping to increase farmer’s income and to sustain sugarcane area, etc, but despite all these efforts, a major chunk of early maturing variety of sugarcane in UP is diverted towards these local gur and khandsari units, which are free to purchase sugarcane at much lower prices as compared to sugar mills.
This is impacting national growth as well as sugar millers,” says a sugar miller, adding that this in a way leads to huge cane arrears in UP, which is home to about 25,000 jaggery/gur units and about 50 khandsari units. “It has been a pattern for a long time that gur units in UP roughly consume 30%-35% of the cane, especially of the early crop, when mills do not start crushing operations,” he said.
TAGS: Sugar Mills
More from commodities
‘Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT William D Dar, director general of International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (Icrisat) which has its global headquarters in Hyderabad, has transformed the organisation into one of the best international agricultural research for development (AR4D) centres in terms of innovative and inclusive research programmes for better financial health and stability. In an interaction […]

Potato arrivals put brake onimportSugar prices under pressure over Brazilian dumping
Potato arrivals have begun to pick up in most markets across the country, easing prices after showing a rising trend last month. As a result, the decision to import around 25,000 tonne of potato through the National Agricultural Cooperative Marketing Federation (Nafed) has been put on hold, senior officials of the federation said.
Last month, the government had decided to import potatoes from Europe and asked Nafed and the Small Farmers’ Agribusiness Consortium (SFAC) to explore opportunities. Potatoes are being sold at around R2,072 per quintal in New Delhi compared to R1,563 per quintal during the same period last year, an increase of nearly 33%.
Nafed member Nanasaheb Patil said that there had been a hold on the process because of falling domestic prices. The price of potatoes in the international market is higher than in India, he explained.
According to National Horticulture Research Development Foundation (NHRDF) director RP Gupta, potato arrivals have increased in most markets and the rates have come down as well. “Sowing for the coming season’s crop had been progressing well. Both the area under cultivation and the output are expected to surpass last year’s 46 metric tonne. The quality of production has been good this year and total production is likely to increase by 5-10%. Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Haraya are the main markets for potatoes,” said Gupta.
As per NHRDF data,  potato arrivals increased to 21,954 quintal in November end from 13,765 quintal at the start of the month and modal prices as well fell from R2,675 per quintal to R1,405 per quintal. China is the world’s largest producer at 120 metric tonne annual output.
According to Vegetable Growers Association of India  president Shriram Gadhave, the consumption has increased and the yield has been less. Normal production in Maharashtra may fall by 50% this year, he said.
More from commodities
‘Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT William D Dar, director general of International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (Icrisat) which has its global headquarters in Hyderabad, has transformed the organisation into one of the best international agricultural research for development (AR4D) centres in terms of innovative and inclusive research programmes for better financial health and stability. In an interaction […]

More investments in infra may help steel industrygrowSugar prices under pressure over Brazilian dumping
The Indian economy in July-September quarter has performed comparatively worse than Q1. But let us look at the positives.The mining sector grew by 1.9%, lower than Q1, but much higher than zero growth in Q2 of last year. The electricity, gas and water supply sectors had experienced a growth of 8.7% which is higher than previous year, but lower than last quarter. The construction sector also grew at a higher rate than last year. The maximum growth was experienced by community, social and personal services sector, which even exceeds last quarter’s level. GDP growth in Q2 exceeds both the quarters’ rates of last year.
As steel intensity in electricity, gas and water supply and construction is higher than other sectors, it may be concluded that steel consumption growth by 0.5% during H1 of the current fiscal is the outcome of this positive growth.
One significant factor constraining steel consumption relates to poor performance in manufacturing whose value addition to GDP was lower by R3,011 crore in  Q2 over Q1. The current state of manufacturing in the  country is directly linked with consistently downward trend in Gross Fixed Capital Formation at current prices whose share in GDP at market prices has dropped from 29.9% in Q2 of last year to 28.3% in the second quarter of this fiscal.
It is also seen that both private final consumption expenditure and government final consumption expenditure at current prices as a percentage of GDP at market prices have dropped in Q2 compared to Q1. As no mega investment has taken place other than the ongoing projects, a large part of them belongs to steel plants’ brownfield expansion. But one must sound a note of caution if one believes that brownfield expansion would continue unhindered in Q3 and Q4 also. The weak link in this regard is assurance of supply of coking coal and iron ore. No fresh investment is planned for Iron ore sourcing other than beneficiation, pellet plants which do not enhance availability, only facilitate quality supply.
Slurry pipelines from port to plant is another area of investment which would facilitate movement of cheaper iron ore from abroad and reduce freight cost.  But it would not enhance domestic supply. Investment in coking coal is likely to be withheld for another 3-4 months to coincide  with finalisation of e-auctioning and allotment of coal blocks.
Another major area of concern is the dwindling interest in power plants. The IPPs are too eager to get out of the market but the buyers’ interests are not there. If the situation continues, the thermal coal linkages from the new allotted coal mines by priority allocation would lose its charm.
This situation calls for remedial measures urgently as there is a big gap between demand and supply of power and the persistence of poor availability would affect the health of other manufacturing segments.
The best bet for steel industry is therefore investment in infrastructure, both public as well as investment via PPP route. Investment in real estate is growing, thanks to changes made in state building laws. The winter session of Parliament may pave the way for enhancing FDI limit in insurance sector and defence, MM&DR and land acquisition. These facilitators would significantly increase steel-intensive investment.
The author is DG, Institute of Steel Growth and Development. The views expressed are personal.
TAGS: GDP Indian Economy
More from commodities
‘Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT William D Dar, director general of International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (Icrisat) which has its global headquarters in Hyderabad, has transformed the organisation into one of the best international agricultural research for development (AR4D) centres in terms of innovative and inclusive research programmes for better financial health and stability. In an interaction […]

Germanys Putin understandersThe German club of Putin understanders
Roula Khalaf
Those seen as apologists for the Russian president are finding life is complicated
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84500258-7949-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Battles of Russias central bankerDecember 3, 2014 10:06 am
The woman trying to tame the rouble
Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba20c594-7abf-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Daily Dec High-yield bonds underperformShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Daily Dec: high-yield bonds underperform
Dec 3, 2014 : As world stock markets enjoy a good day, John Authers probes the underperformance of high-yield bonds in the US. Mark Haefele, global CIO of UBS Wealth Management, suggests investors are overreacting to the falling oil price.
Credits: Produced by Gregory Bobillot.

Whats next for Netflix A challenge to cinemasShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
What's next for Netflix
Dec 3, 2014 : Matt Garrahan, the FT's Global Media Editor, talks to Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos, about how the video streaming service is modernising the traditional film and TV distribution model with its latest ventures - Marco Polo and Crouching Tigers, Hidden Dragon 2
Credits: Produced by Gregory Bobillot. Additional footage: Netflix

Venezuelas new best friend  Goldman SachsSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

10 stocks everyone will brag they own10 stocks everyone will brag they own
By: Matt Krantz December 3, 2014 2:52 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
If there’s one thing you can expect at holiday parties, it’s all the bragging about the stocks people owned. Funny, they’re all the stocks that went up.
There are 10 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including biotech Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) , Southwest Airlines (LUV) and Electronic Arts (EA) that you can be certain to hear people talk about owning. We know this because these are the stocks that were up 50% or more this year through last week — and are up again over the past week, according to data from S&P Capital IQ and analyzed by USA TODAY.
And it’s not your your coworkers who will talk about their genius at picking these wonderful stocks. It’s a game mutual fund managers are playing right now. In the quarterly “window dressing” ritual, mutual fund managers will buy shares of stocks that did great during the period. That way these managers can brag about owning them by listing them in their periodic reports.
And the data shows you exactly which stocks these are. Take the best example, Vertex Pharmaceuticals. The company, working on treatments for a variety of genetic issues, has skyrocketed 55% this year through a week ago (Nov. 26). Investors who didn’t own the stock for the run want to make sure they have it in time for the holiday parties. That demand has pushed the stock up another 4.1% in the past week.
Don’t you own airlines? Don’t you know they’ve been great this year? Look at Southwest Airlines. Shares are up 109% this year though last week. If you didn’t own the shares, apparently it’s time to buy if you want bragging rights. Shares are up 3.7% over the past week. And it is a similar story as with Delta (DAL) .
We’d hate to suggest that investors would be so cheap as to pile onto hot stocks just to be able to brag. But hey, we need something to talk about when we’re sipping our egg nog.
WINNING S&P 500 STOCKS THAT ARE STAGING POWERFUL RUNS THE PAST WEEK
Company

Why Companies Should Fight To Keep Older Workers Instead Of Pushing Them Outreddit
You know how dogs do that stiff-legged resistance thing when you try to drag them through the door to see the vet? Well, older workers are apparently doing the same when it comes to retirement. They are digging in and not budging, much to the chagrin of companies that would like to be rid of them and their higher salaries.
A recent Towers Watson survey of 457 U.S. companies with retirement plans found that 84 percent of them plan to increase their efforts to educate employees on saving and investing over the next two or three years.
But before you jump to any conclusions about the benevolent nature of this corporate gesture, let's just get real for a minute: These companies really just want to encourage older workers to get off their payrolls sooner rather than later.
The author of the report, Robyn Credico, Towers Watson's Defined Contribution Practice Leader, North America, told The Huffington Post that it's not that older workers aren't valued but more that companies want "workers to move through the work force at a reasonable pace." How does Credico, who is 56 -- yes, we asked -- define "reasonable pace?" Depending on the organization and the type of work, it's 65, she said. It can be anywhere from 62 to 67.
And then there is the other reason: Companies don't want to hold back younger workers from advancing, so older workers need to move out of the way, she said. And yes, older workers are more expensive. So there you have it.
As columnist Richard Eisenberg wrote in Forbes about the study, corporate kindness has little to do with companies being willing to encourage older workers to save more for retirement. "Indeed," he wrote, "the survey found that 53 percent of employers are concerned about their older workers 'deferring' retirement and 82 percent said they believe retirement readiness 'will be an issue'."
Yes, retirement readiness is an "issue." It's an issue complicated by the fact that boomers are living longer, are in better shape than previous generations were at 65 in every which way except maybe financial, and we just may not want to quit work at the age our fathers did. And the desire to stay professionally engaged notwithstanding, we still like to eat. The lingering damage of the Great Recession still haunts our financial readiness. Some would say that lingering damage also haunts our adult children who still live with us. Retirement? It's just not in the cards for many -- no matter how much companies want us to save.
According to the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics, 32.2 percent of Americans age 65 to 69 are in the labor force -- meaning they are working or looking for work. This is up from 21.3 percent two decades ago, so the percentage of older workers in the labor force has climbed. Which is why I'd like to reframe the discussion away from why companies may want to get rid of older workers and instead offer a few reasons why employers should be looking to keep us around:
1. We have institutional knowledge.
This doesn't mean we start every sentence with "In the old days, we did it this way." It means we know what's been tried and what failed. We have experience to share. We also care about spelling, pay attention to detail, know how to write and communicate, and yes, can upload a video to YouTube.
2. We are reliable workers.
We show up in the rain and snow. We have always worked hard. And we aren't going anywhere: We don't spend half the day networking for our next job because there's an excellent chance that the job we presently have will be our last. So we are focused on the task at hand. We also have been around the block a few times and know how to navigate difficult office personalities; so less drama.
3. Diversity is a beautiful thing.
We need to start including age diversity in that rainbow spectrum. Just like having workers of different races and faiths provides different perspectives, so does having workers of differing ages. If your office consists of only entry-level recent college graduates, the only perspective you hear is that one voice. What about the rest of the universe? Your workforce should mirror the population you serve, not the cheapest labor you can find.
4. Age discrimination is illegal.
You can't fire or not hire someone because they are too old. The Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 protects individuals who are 40 years of age or older from employment discrimination based on age. But ask any mid-lifer looking for work right now and they'll tell you how toothless the ADEA is. AARP notes that age discrimination claims have been on the rise since 1997, when 15,785 reports were filed. Last year, 21,396 claims were recorded.
5. Some companies are bucking the trend with great results.

Rise Bakery brings gluten-free treats to Adams MorganBy Becky Krystal December 3 Follow @BeckyKrystal
(Becky Krystal/The Washington Post)
Mike Koritko knew almost immediately that he was on to something when Rise Bakery, his gluten-free establishment in Adams Morgan, opened on Nov. 22.
"We had a line out the door for four hours," he says. The next day was no different.
Koritko, 28, received a diagnosis of celiac disease more than 10 years ago, at a time when the market for wheat-free goods was virtually non-existent. And while grocery store shelves are now lined with many gluten-free products, there hasn't been a corresponding boom in local bakeries. Rise is the first exclusively gluten-free bakery in Washington, joining Alexandria's Happy Tart on the local scene.
Initially, Koritko, a former project management consultant, said he expected about a 50-50 mix of customers who eat gluten-free and others who are curious bakery aficionados. Instead, he estimates about 80 or 90 percent of the people so far have been of the gluten-free diet.
Koritko spent more than a year developing recipes with executive chef Mollie Bird. The challenge was avoiding the pitfalls of baking without wheat. "Dense, dry is what I think people come to expect of gluten-free," he says.
Rise's menu, which mirrors what you might find in a typical bakery, includes muffins, danishes, cupcakes, cookies, pies and a variety of bread products. Vegan offerings are available as well.
Rise also sells what may be one of the holy grails of gluten-free baking: croissants.
"They are lights out," Koritko says. "We sold a lot of cinnamon rolls too."
Because we are naturally skeptical journalists -- and also the kind of people who have rarely met a baked good we can refuse -- the team at WaPo Food HQ sampled a variety of Rise's products. And we recruited a gluten-free colleague for her expert insight.
Chocolate lovers will rejoice at Rise's large, fudgy brownies. (Becky Krystal/The Washington Post)
The clear favorite was the dark chocolate walnut brownie, about as big as a kitchen tile. Its fudgy, not-too-sweet base was covered with a layer of chocolate adorned with pieces of nuts and a white chocolate drizzle. A vegan chocolate chip cookie earned plaudits as well. And while their crumb was slightly finer than their kinfolk made with wheat, we were duly impressed with the blueberry muffin and chocolate salted caramel cupcake, which came with a picture-perfect swirl of creamy frosting that survived a bus ride intact thanks to a handy clamshell package.
Croissants are one of the gluten-free pastries available at Rise. (Becky Krystal/The Washington Post)
With a slightly denser texture, the almond croissant was more obviously gluten-free, but we admired its layers and overall flavor. Our gluten-free taster was particularly thrilled, especially having gone years without eating one of the pastries.
A few weeks in, Koritko is confident he made the right career move.
Consulting was "a fine job, but it wasn't for me," he says. "This is a lot more personal."
Rise Bakery, 2409 18th St. NW. 202-525-5204.  www.riseglutenfree.com .
An earlier version of this post incorrectly spelled the first name of chef Mollie Bird. This version has been updated.
Becky Krystal covers food for the Going Out Guide and Weekend and Food sections. In her spare time she loves to, of course, eat and cook.

The Proper Way to Take Advantage of the Holidays as a Small Businessreddit
With every employee requesting time off, and your partner companies having inconsistent schedules, it can be difficult to think of the holidays as a productive time for business. But amidst the family Christmas parties, sewing recital costumes and travel plans, it is possible to turn out a profit during this busy time of year.
First and foremost, take advantage of holiday marketing to boost sales.
It's no secret that consumers tend to spend a little more during the holiday season. According to the CFA , consumers plan to spend more than they did last year. In fact, eight out of 12 people state that they plan on spending more money this year than they have in the past. So as a small business, it's just a smart move to take advantage of the spending fever. No matter your industry -- consumers are planning to spend more.
The holidays are a great excuse to get creative with marketing. Hold promotions like "The 12 Days of Deals," host contests to get your customers involved, and definitely participate is Cyber Monday. We learned this year that Cyber Monday is the small business holiday to focus on. It seems that more customers are looking for deals online than they ever have before. According to another Huffington Post article , "Online sales Monday jumped 17 percent from last year, totaling nearly $2.04 billion." Though even after black Friday, Small Business Saturday, and Cyber Monday, there are still plenty of opportunities to take advantage of the holiday buzz. Promotions and contests are a great way to get people, who might not have otherwise been exposed to your company, to try out your products or service. Just be sure to advertise your promotions and contests on plenty of deal websites -- where serious holiday shoppers go to hunt.
Take the opportunity to clear stock.
Hopefully all your creative holiday marketing and sales ploys will do the job of clearing out a good amount of stock. In fact, hold promotions around a specific product that hasn't been doing so hot this season, just to even things out. Focus on what isn't being sold, and what needs to be cleaned out to start the New Year fresh. There's nothing worse than starting the year with an inaccurate amount of products and supplies. Take the end of the year to figure out exactly how much you need of everything for next year, based on what you used this year.
'Tis the season for team building!
Holiday parties have earned the reputation of mixing a professional atmosphere with a good amount of festive drinking. For this reason, they typically accompany the mentality of "just needing to get through the company party." Some employees fear that they'll embarrass themselves by speaking a little too candidly to a superior, while some simply don't want another evening of awkward networking. This way of thinking is such a shame, because not only are holiday parties a great way to team build, but they're a great way to say thank you to your employees.
As this Grind Stone article goes to say, "[I don't like the phrase,] "I don't need to say thank you, that's what I pay you for." Throwing money in someone's direction might be appreciated, but it feels like a much less personal way of showing one's gratitude."
There's no reason we're not all capable of having fun along with our employees and superiors. Putting work aside for a couple hours to eat, drink and be merry is a wonderful way to build a stronger team. If there's an element of friendship in the workplace, work doesn't seem so much like work. Holiday parties are a great place to start building those relationships.
Follow Deborah Sweeney on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mycorporation
More:

Content Marketing Must Evolve to Marketing Content  or Elsereddit
For the last five years or so, a tidal wave of inbound and content marketing adoption has roared through the marketing community. The digital ministry of propaganda (people like me) has helped fuel the adoption rush.  Online communities have been developed to espouse the marketing virtues of content and inbound attraction.
Many of these communities have one central belief in common - build it and they will come. It's a belief in the idea that owned media IS content marketing and that the masses will be naturally attracted to it over time through organic social and search channels. During the time of content deficits this was possible and happened quite frequently for early adopters. Those folks won with content marketing. Tomorrow's winners will do so with marketing content.
Publish & Pray
Early adopters spent most of their time and resources on content creation. Once they hit the publish button they sat back and waited, thinking the Internet will take care of distribution - and it usually did, too. They ignored purposeful promotion through both earned and paid channels and instead relied on broadcasting from owned channels exclusively - via email and social media. This way of thinking helped launch my own career.
The God-Awful Noise
The days of the publish and pray strategy delivering impressive returns by itself (without paid and earned promotion) is nearing its end. For many industries - marketing in particular - it's long gone. The amount of noise online has reached monumental proportions. Over 2.73 million blog posts are published every day. As marketers and communications professionals, we're competing for attention in a sea filled with millions of daily articles, apps, selfies, cat videos and memes. The content deluge is constant and unrelenting. It's only getting more massive, too.
This deck is filled with .GIFs. In order to view them you must download the presentation and open in full presentation mode - http://bit.ly/1psGB3S
Organic Search
More and more, consumers are spending their time online at the websites they trust to avoid the deluge. Year over year growth of search volume for content discovery is on the decline, too. This further speaks to the importance of marketing content in an age of abundance.
Social Media
It's no secret that as Facebook's organic reach declines its stock price rises. In fact, Twitter recently announced its intention to enact a similar filtered feed algorithm. Filtered feeds that diminish a brands organic visibility and reach force them to pay to play. Facebook was the first social media network to do this and Twitter certainly won't be the last.
The Content Marketing Clergy
Content marketers without large established audiences who don't see the writing on the wall are at risk of wasting a lot of money by creating copious amounts of content and publishing it to a nonexistent audience. The talking heads who preach content marketing and do so to a large audience are using their own experiences to justify their recommendations.
They built their audiences in a time of content deficits and not during the surpluses we find ourselves in today. This was good for them, but the reality is that most late adopter brands don't have large preexisting audiences and must build them from scratch. In these cases, owned media alone is unlikely to create, build, and grow an audience of significance in a reasonable timeframe, if ever.
Others like to say that a written content marketing plan that is strictly adhered to is the key to content marketing success. This is true only if the brand has an existing audience of significance, the brand's industry is facing a content deficit, or earned and/or paid promotion is part of the plan. Otherwise, publishing content to a nonexistent audience using a written plan is still publishing content to a nonexistent audience.
For the majority of marketers who believe their content marketing is ineffective, it's wise to embrace marketing content and NOT content marketing before writers get demoralized, budgets dry up, and content marketing gets a bad name. Now is the time.
This article was a preview of Chad Pollitt's brand new book, " The Content Promotion Manifesto ," and is available free for download until its release on Amazon. Below is an excerpt from Chapter 2:

New drug labels will detail risks to pregnant and breastfeeding womenBy Brady Dennis December 3 Follow @brady_dennis
New FDA regulations released Wednesday will require more detailed information on drug labels about potential risks to pregnant and breast-feeding women. (Bigstock)
The Food and Drug Administration announced  new labeling requirements Wednesday meant to better inform doctors and patients about the potential risks of medications taken during pregnancy and breastfeeding.
Under the rule, which has been under consideration since 2008, makers of prescription drugs and other biologic products will soon have to include more detailed and more current information describing how medications might affect pregnant women, mothers and their small children.
The new requirements are intended to revamp a system that experts say is outdated, confusing and generally unhelpful. No longer will labels include letter designations — A, B, C, D and X — that are currently used to classify the risks to patients and have been in use since the 1970s. In their place, the FDA will require information packets that come with medications to have three detailed subsections titled “Pregnancy,” “Lactation” and “Females and Males of Reproductive Potential,” which will include a summary of the risks to certain types of patients and data that support those conclusions.
(AP/FDA)
Sandra Kweder, deputy director of the FDA’s Office of New Drugs, told reporters Wednesday that the way the lettering system had been implemented over the years “has been highly, highly inconsistent,” rarely up to date and even misleading. That resulted in a system that left doctors and patients with scant information when considering which drugs to prescribe and which to avoid.
“Our new method provides for explanations, based on available information, about the potential benefits and risks for the mother, the fetus, the breastfeeding children, and women and men of reproductive age,” Kweder wrote in a blog post after Wednesday’s announcement.
The updated requirements could have a far-reaching effects. There are more than 6 million pregnancies each year in the United States, and on average, pregnant women take three to five prescription drugs during their pregnancy, according to the FDA.
The new rule , which will take effect next June, will apply to all new prescription drugs and biologics, but not to over-the-counter medications. It also will apply to drugs approved since 2001 that have been marketed for years without including updated information related to pregnancy and lactation, the agency said.
Brady Dennis is a national reporter for The Washington Post, focusing on food and drug issues.

Snap election a calculated gamble© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/37779dec-7a0c-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt notifies relaxed FDI norms for realtyIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
The government on Wednesday notified the revised rules for FDI in construction. Under these rules, the three-year lock-in period for repatriation of investment has been removed. Henceforth, investors will be permitted to exit on completion of the project or after development of trunk infrastructure, i.e. roads, water supply, street lighting, drainage and sewerage. The revised norms had received a Cabinet nod in October
The revised rules also reduces the minimum floor area to 20,000 sq m from the earlier 50,000 sq m. It has also brought down the minimum capital requirement to $5 million from $10 million.
Industry observers welcomed the move, saying this would bring in more flexibility to the investor regarding their funds. Neeraj Sharma, partner, Walker Chandiok & Co, said, “Linking the exit rules to the completion of a project or development of trunk infrastructure and scrapping a three-year lock-in, is a smart move by the government. This would mean that the investors will be able to exit a project even in the initial years of investment once the trunk infrastructure is ready. The move should encourage more real estate developers to create quality infrastructure around their projects from the very beginning, and it will also help in fetching better prices for the projects.”
However, there is a word of caution too. Anuj Puri, chairman and country head, Jones Lang LaSalle India, said: “With the FDI policy now providing investors a much more attractive exit option, albeit subject to whether the investor has a strong case for exit which needs to be approved, FII interest in the Indian construction sector is bound to increase. However, a certain amount of increased speculative activity may also be anticipated.”
The relaxed rules are expected to bring in more FDI into the construction sector, which has seen a decline in the inflows over the last few years.
Between April 2000 and August 2014, construction development, including townships, housing and built-up infrastructure in the country, received FDI worth $23.75 billion, or 10% of the total FDI attracted by India during the period.
The new policy is also aimed at encouraging the much-needed low-cost affordable housing in the country and development of smart cities. The government has exempted the conditions of minimum floor area as well as capital requirement if an investee/joint venture companies commit at least 30% of the total project cost for low-cost housing.
The real estate developers have given a thumbs up to the new rules, but seek more clarity on the definition of FDI investment that will follow in the remaining cycle of the project after the initial $5 million.
Lalit Kumar Jain, chairman and managing director, Kumar Urban Development, and chairman, CREDAI, said: “The removal of three-year lock-in is a welcome move. However, we feel that the government needs to clarify whether the rules of exit will apply in the same manner if the subsequent tranches of FDI are brought in by an investor who is different from the initial investee.”
TAGS: FDI Foreign Direct Investments
More from economy

Arun Jaitley sets up 3-member panel to bring in further clarity in tax lawsIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
Finance minister Arun Jaitley has set up a three-member panel, led by former chief economic advisor Ashok Lahiri, to advise on bringing further clarity in tax laws based on interactions with the trade and industry.
Former Settlement Commission member Sidhartha Pradhan and former DG (audit) Customs and Central Excise Gautam Ray are also panel members. The apex policy bodies for direct and indirect taxes within the finance ministry would issue necessary clarifications on tax matters within two months of getting the panel’s recommendations, said a finance ministry statement issued on Wednesday.
The move is in line with Jaitley’s budget announcement and is similar to the arrangement that existed during the UPA regime.
The panel would be assisted by two senior officers from the ministry handling direct and indirect taxes.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley
More from economy

There is no workforce better than Indias: Rajiv Malik  MylanSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Mylan is the world’s second-largest generic drug player in terms of revenue. However, the behemoth is yet to make inroads into the Indian market. The company entered India in 2007 with its buy of Matrix Laboratories. Since then, it has espoused the inorganic growth theory. Mylan’s India arm now constitutes nearly 50% of its global employee strength. President Rajiv Malik, who oversees Mylan’s R&D activity as well as regulatory affairs, manufacturing and quality, spoke to Pallavi Ail on why the company is cautious while negotiating Indian pharma waters. Excerpts
How important are the India operations to Mylan’s global business?
We entered with Matrix Labs’ acquisition. Mylan had about 1,800 people in India at that time. Today, we are about 12,000. Mylan has close to 20 sites between API, finished dosage, solid and injectables. With close to 1,100 people, we have a very strong research and development team in Hyderabad and Bangalore.
It’s very difficult to quantify India’s contribution to Mylan’s total revenue as the country contributes in many ways. It is a global hub for R&D, supply chain and even an export base for emerging markets. Close to 50% Mylan employees are in India. We have invested heavily in India over the last four years, pumping in about $0.5 billion to build state-of-the-art facilities. So, India has been the epicentre of action.
Why hasn’t Mylan concretised its presence in the India market yet?
We would like our play here, but we have not been aggressive since the Indian pharma market has been transitioning in the last couple of years. But we have been steadily building our portfolio.
Which therapeutic areas are you looking to enter next?
We launched our anti-retroviral (ARV) portfolio two years ago because it was a good base to start with. Mylan has a strong ARV play. We added about 200 people in the field force. Then, we expanded to women healthcare in the second year. After that, we added critical care and oncology. We will continue to launch more therapeutic categories. Respiratory and gastro are two other areas we are looking at.
In 2013, Mylan bought Agila Specialities, whose manufacturing facilities are now under the USFDA scanner. What do you think of the compliance-related issues that Indian units face?
Agila has given us a platform to be recognised as a serious injectables player. Our asset purchase is not ruled just by the financial component, but mainly by the strategic component.
In terms of FDA scrutiny, every risk is an opportunity. We believe the industry has to go through this transformation — it will come out stronger. The FDA has overnight changed its own yardstick for quality, but the industry needs to step up, which it is doing. I expect it to respond very responsibly.
There is no workforce better than the Indian workforce. What’s important is how much we invest in training. It helps them not only understand but also appreciate what standard operating procedures mean — that’s where we need to do rigorous work. I don’t think it’s a cultural issue. It’s a gap we have from the training point of view.
What’s your opinion on India’s drug pricing regulations?
I feel market dynamics should gain control of pricing. I understand the role the government wants to play — providing medicines to millions who do not have access to them. That’s the government’s key responsibility, and the industry should do its bit too. We can have a balance between the two. The interaction between the industry and the regulator needs to evolve.
TAGS: Matrix Laboratories Mylan
More from companies
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

Oil & gas exploration: Dont change the operatorMake in India needs a tax boost
Upstream oil & gas blocks have been auctioned in India since the early 1990s. The winner signs a contract, termed a production sharing contract (PSC), with the government. The PSC—directly or through a mining licence issued to successful explorers—has a certain original life, which generally ranges around 20-25 years and is extendable.
Unlike other minerals which may be exploited at will, petroleum reservoirs have an optimal evacuation rate. The operator can produce faster to complete evacuation of total extractable oil within the contract period. Such exploitation may, however, lead to the collapse of a reservoir, leaving much of the oil/gas underground. Even in well-run systems, the production ranges only between 30-40% of the reserves. To ensure that the reservoir is not flogged, there is usually a regulator to monitor reservoir characteristics and regulate production rate. The actual production, therefore, maximises the country’s NPV, and not the operator’s NPV and all extractable oil may not be evacuated in the initial contract period.
Upstream is a high-risk, high-reward game. Very deep pockets are required to undertake hydrocarbon development. The fact that the world’s top oil & gas companies earn an average return that is only marginally better than a stable business, often triggers the question: Why do companies go for exploration? In addition to the euphoria of discovery, the potential scale of business, the upside of finding additional reservoirs and the hope of emerging technologies helping a company extend the life of reservoir offer an answer. Thus, extracting the maximum (economically feasible) oil/gas from a block is, in practice, a built-in assumption of every explorer. This also creates a synergistic, win-win scenario where the NPVs of the country and explorer converge, and they work together to preserve the reservoir and optimally extract an amount that is economically feasible.
The contract between an exploring company and the government is the governing framework for this industry. It is the bedrock for production of hydrocarbons. As a natural corollary, the tenure of the contract—till the end of economic life—is an important decision for all the parties, more so for the exploration and production companies, given the significant amount of investments they commit.
If the extension of a contract or licence is not assured, the probability of recovery and return on capital is diminished towards the latter part of contract life. In such scenarios, an operator may stop investing well in advance of the end of the contract. The reservoir licensed to the operator may thus produce at sub-optimal, low rates. In some cases, the operator may even cease production. This will be challenging to revive later. This is a big negative for a hydrocarbon-deficit country.
When the existing operator has to cease operation, it has terminal responsibilities towards the restoration of the site to as near the original situation as is possible and fulfil all health safety and environment obligations. When everything has been dismantled, the reservoir plugged and the site restored then (a) the restarting of production by a new contractor shall require new infrastructure at a high additional cost, which may make the new production non-commercial, and (b) once the old team is dismantled, the wealth of knowledge of this specific reservoir shall be substantially lost. This implies a new learning curve and, for a long time, sub-optimal production and a higher risk exposure.
If immediately a new operator is engaged before dismantling the current infrastructure, the new infrastructure cost issue may be tackled, but resolving liabilities of site restoration, of accidents in the old infrastructure, etc, become quite complex and challenging. Other problems as mentioned earlier also remain.
As the field becomes mature, the production ramps down to a small fraction of its peak. At the same time, in the Indian scenario, the investment multiple which drives the ‘government take’ and ‘operator take’ shoots to higher levels, and, the fiscal terms are overwhelmingly in the favour of the government.  There are often significant reservoir risks associated with declining production. Facilities could be at the end of design life. It may then entail significant investments in existing infrastructure. This leads to a high operating-cost environment, which adversely affects the project’s feasibility. At a certain point, it is no longer economical for the operator to keep producing on the existing terms and it may exit even a producing field. This is the developing scenario in UK (North Sea) where platforms now require significant upgrade and refurbishing, and current contract terms shall make production unattractive or marginal.
As pointed out earlier, it is in the country’s interest to have the current operator continue. This requires a softening of the contract’s terms to make it commercially attractive. More and more hydrocarbon-deficit countries are veering towards this approach, as can be seen from the Woods Report, recently implemented by the UK government in the North Sea. International best practices highlight that numerous other governments actually incentivise production operations as field is nearing its natural decline rather than making fiscal terms unfavourable, which we understand is what our government is envisaging!
The general practice, particularly in hydrocarbon-deficit domains, is to extend the current contract in favour of the current operator. Separately, if the field is deemed mature, then through a separate policy on mature fields, softening of fiscal terms is to be extended.
Until now, most of the fields in India were nominated blocks which had been released to the national oil companies. The extension of these was routinely dealt, and the nomination periods or mining licences were extended as required by the operating company without any additional considerations. Only recently, has the need for extension arisen for private companies’ contract. The government set up a committee in early 2013 to make recommendations on this matter. The committee recommendations, though made many months back, are not yet in public domain. The stakeholders’ comments have also not been invited on any policy based on the committee’s recommendations. The principle of transparency and the involvement of all stakeholders is an important and useful practice, and should be adhered to. A decision taken in isolation may not be an optimal one.
There are serious concerns in the industry. Amongst the areas of disquiet are the restructuring of fiscal terms, higher government take, short periods of extension without consideration of residual economic life, etc.
As explained, it is not in India’s interest to change the operator. A policy based on the assumption of neutrality to ‘operator change’ shall lead to adventurous conditions being imposed on the current operator. By forcing existing operators’ exit, we will create a whole string of marginal and maturing fields with substantial oil & gas left underground. Making a “safe” policy with the objective of increasing the government take shall have similar results.
The necessity of continuing with the current operator will be played out whenever a renewal/extension is required, till the end of economic life of reservoir. Thus, there is little point in having an extension policy that does not address the need of continuing through the entire residual economic life. As per media reports on the committee report, the recommendations fall short on this.
Operators investing significant amount of capital need early clarity and fiscal terms that incentivise production from mature fields. It is already rather late and serves no purpose to delay such incentives further or to impose conditions that harm the industry and the country. Contract extension should not be seen as an opportunity to maximise government take but to maximise production and incentivise additional investments.
By Ashu Sagar
TAGS: Gas Blocks Oil
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

Editorial: Widen the tax baseIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
While the nation’s attention is riveted on how state governments are causing the GST rate to spiral by not increasing the tax base sufficiently, the Tax Administration Reforms Commission (TARC) has said the same problem of the low base applies to direct taxes as well. Given that India has a population of 120 crore and 17 crore permanent account number (PAN) holders, TARC argues it cannot possibly have just 3.5 crore income taxpayers—indeed, while the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) targeted a 15% growth in the number of taxpayers, it achieved a mere 1.5% annually during the period FY07 to FY11. The TARC’s maths is simple: if you assume that around half of India’s 24 crore families are below the tax bracket due to being poor or not earning enough, that still gives you 12 crore potential taxpayers; assume half of them are agriculturists, that still leaves you with 6 crore potential taxpayers. The TARC report addresses itself, as it should, to find ways to get this potential tax base. Putting in place a presumptive tax for certain categories of taxpayers—kirana shops for instance—is a good idea as it also insulates small taxpayers from the hassles of maintaining detailed income statements.
There are, though, some obvious problems with the TARC recommendations. Bringing back the fringe benefit tax (FBT) is one of them, as is the one to bring back the banking transaction tax. While FBT was a big source of harassment when it was in place, it is not clear why a tax needs to be levied in order for the taxman to be able to track ATM transactions. And while a tax on the super-rich will go down well with the political class, as the data the TARC has used itself suggests, there is no real call for this. For one, while 90% of the taxpayers in FY12 reported an income of under R5 lakh, they paid just 10% of the total tax collections; those showing an income of over R20 lakh comprised 1.1% of the tax base but paid 63% of the total tax. While it is no one’s case the poor should pay as much tax as the rich, the data suggests the real evasion is in the middle income groups—TARC itself refers to the Vijay Kelkar report that described this as the ‘missing middle’ phenomenon. If anything, as the Brazil example given by TARC shows, India’s problem is the top tax bracket kicks in at a relatively low level of income.
TARC does a good job of pointing out that, were India’s large tax giveaways—20% of direct tax collections in FY12—to be phased out, the tax-to-GDP levels would rise dramatically as this will make tax monitoring easier. A larger point TARC repeats is of the taxman using his data more effectively to identify non-payers instead of today’s crude search-and-seizure methods. As former finance minister Yashwant Sinha put it in a budget speech, tax collectors should gather taxes in much the same way a bee gathers nectar, without disturbing the petals.
TAGS: GST PAN
More from economy

Banking on rural depositsMake in India needs a tax boost
The Jan Dhan Scheme has by far been the quickest and most expansive financial inclusion drive launched in the country. It was launched with a set target for the existing banks. The results are quite amazing and actually provide some guidance to the new players entering the market as ‘payments’ or ‘small’ banks.
So far, 81.2 million accounts have been opened of which 60% are in rural areas. Banks, primarily public sector banks (PSBs), have issued 51.1 million RuPay cards for these accounts. Deposits in these accounts were R6,355 crore as of November 26. Interestingly, there were 60.7 million zero-balance accounts, which implies an average of R3,100 in the non-zero accounts. This scheme has been aggressively implemented and the focus was more on opening accounts with minimum KYC norms to expedite the process. The idea is laudable as it is a quick way of accomplishing a task. But the high zero-balance accounts, as well as low balances on an average, actually signal that these households typically do not have the money to keep as deposits or are sceptical of the same. Alternatively, they may not really be interested in such deposits, notwithstanding the add-ons of a debit card as well as possible future credit and insurance going forward.
Therefore, RBI’s decision to start issuing licences to payments banks that will take savings bank deposits and invest only in government securities for a 1-year duration or less and, to a certain extent, in other bank deposits, will pose a challenge to the licensees as they will have to create a superstructure to keep their business going. All options are open and telecom companies and other card-based companies can tie their businesses with bank accounts and probably be more successful than banks as there is already an existing business relationship with the customer. The question is will these households actually keep the deposits with these banks or not?
Post offices qualify for such a licence and are well poised to leverage this market. They would only have to scale up and not really have to start afresh like the supermarkets or telecom companies. Their deployment of funds too would change—passing it on to the Centre and states; they will have to deploy all in short-term paper. Their operations too have to be altered unless a new Post Office savings bank is opened in the same premises, as there are other products being offered which can no longer be done—postage, fixed and recurring deposits, and small savings (including the Kisan Vikas Patra). Regulation does not permit the same and, hence, a new bank may be created for this purpose. However, for an completely new entrant, the establishment costs would be considerable.
The model, for any entrepreneur, makes a lot of sense as the bank will get deposits at 4% or free (current accounts) and can earn a good 7-8% return. Operational costs will be low at 1-2%, and hence a return of 1-2% can be maintained without any encumbrance of NPAs or capital as these variables will become irrelevant given the business model. However, if fresh infrastructure is to be created then there would be high overheads.
The small bank concept is, of course, more challenging as 75% of the funds have to go to priority sector lending, to the farm sector and the SMEs, with a cap of R25 lakh for 50% of the loans. This will be on top of the CRR and SLR requirements. Intuitively, it can be seen that the cost of servicing these small-sized loans would be high for these banks which will also have to open up brick-and-mortar branches, unlike the payments banks.
Additionally, both these segments are vulnerable. When the monsoon fails, the farm loans go bad and the cycle of monsoon failures has been moving with shorter amplitudes. Further, the economic cycle too has become more unpredictable and, often, a sustained industrial slowdown results in higher NPAs being generated as they get affected almost immediately when the economy slows down. This being the case, the pressure on quality would be high. This will also pressurise their capital and hence will be onerous, unlike it is for commercial banks where the portfolio is well spread across all sectors, smoothening the risks .
MFIs and NBFCs can apply here and it will be interesting to see if they are attractive to these players. This will hold for MFIs who would get access to deposits in a formal manner and can lend to these segments where there is a modicum of familiarity. NBFCs, too, may be inclined to consider this option given that the regulatory structure has become a little more intense for them in their normal line of business.
The crux of these banks working well would depend on their ability to garner deposits in the rural areas in particular. The Jan Dhan Yojana warns that it may be difficult to get the deposits, though opening accounts would be easy. It will require a lot of awareness. Counter-intuitively, if the Jan Dhan programme that offers the promise of credit and insurance has not caught on, would a plain vanilla deposit be convincing to the household. This is where the payments bank should work and linking one’s own product to the deposit could be a good way of making a start.
The author is Chief Economist, CARE Ratings. Views are personal
TAGS: Jan Dhan Scheme Reserve Bnak Of India RuPay Cards
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

Germany bars antibiotic drug from Ranbaxys plantUpdated: December 4, 2014 09:17 IST
Germany bars antibiotic drug from Ranbaxy’s plant
Reuters
company information
Ranbaxy gets more than half of its revenue from the U.S.
Ranbaxy Laboratories has been barred from exporting antibiotic cephalosporin to Germany from its plant at Dewas in Madhya Pradesh for not complying with standard manufacturing practices.
Germany’s regulator issued a ‘non-compliance’ report for the plant where Ranbaxy made the antibiotic, after an inspection in June, the European Medicines Agency said on its website in a notice dated November 26.
During the inspection, the German regulator found deficiencies related to operation of drug manufacturing rooms and procedures related to sterilisation of equipment at the Dewas site, the notice said.
The Dewas factory and Ranbaxy’s other India-based plants are also barred from exporting to the United States after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspections found those plants violated its standard manufacturing practices.
Ranbaxy, which has said it is working on resolving problems at its plants to get the regulatory bans lifted, did not respond to a request seeking comment on the observations made by the German regulator. Ranbaxy gets more than half of its revenue from the United States. Germany accounted for 2 per cent of global sales in the 15-month period ended March, 2014, as per the company filings.
The latest German sales data was not immediately available.

Another GOP Governor Flips For Medicaid ExpansionAnother GOP Governor Flips For Medicaid Expansion
Posted:
Updated:
12/03/2014  2:59 pm EST
Wyoming Gov. Matt Mead (R) is pushing the state’s Republican legislature to approve a new Medicaid expansion plan. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
One year after rejecting federal funds to expand Medicaid coverage under the Affordable Care Act, Wyoming Gov. Matt Mead (R) is pushing the state’s Republican legislature to approve a new plan set forth by the state Department of Health last week.
During a press conference Monday, Mead, who signed onto a federal lawsuit opposing the Affordable Care Act in 2011, urged Republican lawmakers to "be realistic" and accept Obamacare as the "law of the land."
"I agree it is not a good piece of legislation, but as I see where we are, I think we have to be realistic and say, 'This is the current law of the land and we need to either go forward with this' or if the Legislature wants to come up with a different plan, I certainly would be open to that," Mead said, according to the Casper Star-Tribune . "But I don’t think we can say to those people in Wyoming who are working who cannot get insurance that we’re not going to do anything."
To expand Medicaid, Mead's proposal seeks a federal waiver that will allow the state to charge low-income participants who make 101 to 138 percent of the federal poverty level -- that’s $11,670 to $16,105 annually for a single person -- co-payments and a monthly premium. Those earning below 101 percent of the poverty level would not pay premiums but could be responsible for certain co-payments. However, the ACA's Medicaid provisions guarantee coverage for eligible low-income residents without cost-sharing, so the Obama administration would have to approve Wyoming's modified Medicaid expansion.
The plan would also have to clear the state legislature, which has rejected several Medicaid-related bills in the past year alone.
According to the Wyoming Department of Health, the Strategy for Health, Access, Responsibility and Employment -- or SHARE plan -- would grant health care access to an estimated 17,600 low-income residents. Two-thirds of them fall in the coverage gap, meaning they are ineligible for both Medicaid and federal tax subsidies through the federal health care marketplace.
If Mead’s proposal is approved, he would become the 10th GOP governor to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. Several other Republican-led states, including Indiana, Tennessee and Utah, have considered similar options but have yet to advance legislation to address the issue. To date, 27 states and the District of Columbia have opted to expand Medicaid coverage under the Affordable Care Act.
Also on HuffPost:

New Nifty target at 9960 for next 12 months: Macquarie08:00 am
Bullish Rakesh Arora, Head of Research - India at Macquarie Capital Securities has a new Nifty target of 9,960 for the next 12 months. He expects earnings to grow 19-20 percent and adds that this fresh Nifty target is driven by 15 times earnings estimate for FY17. Given the ongoing slide in global oil prices, he foresees more upside to the market if this fall continues further.
Further he adds that hope trade in India will continue for some more time and the market is unlikely to see major correction anytime soon. If any correction happens, it will be limited to 4-5 percent, he said.
On specific-sectors, Arora is overweight on industrials, banks and auto. Axis Bank , ICICI Bank ,  Maruti Suzuki  and  L&T are his top stock bets. From the midcap space, he is positive on  TVS Motor and Crompton Greave . He expects stocks like TVS Motors and Maruti to see 20-25 percent volume growth going ahead. He is also largely bullish on capital goods stocks like  Thermax and IRB Infra . He likes HPCL amongst oil marketing companies.
He is underweight on consumer staples, energy and utilities. He recommends staying away from JP Associates ,  GVK and GMR Infra .
Below is the verbatim transcript of Rakesh Arora’s interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: A fresh old time high has been set by the Nifty. Are you raising your Nifty target for 2015?
A: Our new target is 9,960 which is 17 percent upside from current levels and this is driven by 15 times earning estimate for FY17. Largely this is in line with 17 year average price to earnings (PE) multiples that we have seen for the market. We don’t think there is going to be much of PE rating from here on because current multiples are consistent with around 6.5-7 percent gross domestic product (GDP) growth which is what we are forecasting for next year. So, clearly it is going to be earnings driven from here on and PE should remain at around 5 times for next year.
Sonia: Is there any upside risk to your nifty targets if crude falls further?
A: At the moment it is difficult to say but earnings for FY16 &17 are conservatively forecasted by consensus to grow at 19-20 percent. There is a huge amount of operating and financial leverage to it. For every 100 basis point drop in inflation which will happen if crude continues to fall, there is a 30 bps improvement in EBITDA margins for top 200 companies.
This could mean around 1 percentage point into earnings growth. So, if crude starts to fall more aggressively, there could be upside. However, at the moment looking at the current conditions and how the economy is picking up, we are comfortable with this kind of 19-20 percent earnings growth for the market at the moment.
Latha: What are the themes that one can play now? Which are the stocks that will be the leaders of this rally to the almost 10,000 mark?
A: So, largely we are playing 2-3 key themes out there. We are looking at revival in infrastructure spending; we are looking at interest rate cuts to start to happen and also inflation dropping off. So, in this context 2-3 sectors stand out in a big way. First one is industrials where we have the highest overweight, then banks and the third is autos.
So, we are playing the theme of infrastructure, interest rate cuts and inflation through these sectors.
We are underweight on staples, materials, utilities to compensate for this overweight. Among the stocks we are pushing Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, Larsen & Toubro (L&T), Maruti Suzuki and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) these are our top 5 ideas. Among the midcaps we have Crompton Greaves, TVS Motor and Strides Arcolab, these are top 3 midcap ideas.
Sonia: Yesterday we saw a big spurt in metal stocks like  Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL). We have seen coal prices fall significantly. Will there be a big impact on names like JSPL or is it just short-covering?
A: Companies like JSPL are trading at extremely low valuations and these have been one of the most favorite stocks shooting in the market. Any kind of buying can lead to large short coverings which is we are seeing in the stock at the moment. I don't think they benefit immediately from lower coal prices globally because these are largely dependent on coal availability in India which hasn't improved much despite  Coal India's good efforts. So, we are seeing much of short covering at this point of time and also it is a reminder to a lot of investors that these stocks are at extremely cheap valuations and one should refrain from shorting at these levels, there is a chance of getting caught in this short trade.

Welcome eased construction norms  but benefits to lag: L&T08:00 am
The government on Wednesday relaxed rules for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the construction sector by reducing minimum built-up area as well as capital requirement and easing the exit norms. It has also allowed for 100 percent FDI in sonstrcution space via automatic route.
While this is a positive move, the benefits of implementing the new norms will flow in with a lag, believes SN Subrahmanyan, whole-time director & senior executive vice president (construction), Larsen & Toubro .
Furthermore, he believes some stability will come in capital flows in the infra space soon.
Below is the verbatim transcript of SN Subrahmanyan's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: How do these norms benefit some of the companies like yours that are engaged in engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) work? If you could tell us what the overall impact would be and then impacts for company like yours?
A: On a broad play I would put it like this - these measures were required for a long time and it is good that the cabinet has approved the same and it is set into motion right now. You see in our country today, the two clear agenda set by the government – (1) housing for all by 2022 programme and (2) smart city initiative which has been fairly well enunciated in the budget. If these two programmes are to be taken forward to their logical conclusion then huge amount of investments would be required in the so-called real estate or developmental sector to take these forward. These measures that the government has brought in – (a) the foreign direct investment (FDI) or the flow of money can come into projects both for developed plots as well as for lower value areas of construction, which is a good beginning – that means construction can happen not only in big cities but there will also be a fillip towards construction in the tier 2, tier 3 cities (b) the government has also relaxed the norms for setting up low cost housing or housing for the less developed kind of a situations and there has been no norms put there but some 30 percent of investment channel into that (c) by getting in FDI of minimum value size of 5 million, now we are allowing both into regular operations as well as in joint venture companies. So you will see a fillip of many such ventures taking place to get in money.
Most money when they come in, look for a period of exit or for return on investment within a particular period of time and that has also provided now, three years from the start of the construction or at any time during a period of 10 years which makes it easier for money to come in and money to go out also money transfer; the investment can be moved on from one non resident activity to another non resident activity which is also a define. Therefore, with all this I feel that overall this gives a good highway for money to flow in into the real estate sector which is cashed out at the moment. This gives a fillip to construction and more ways than many, faster construction to take place and better ideas could come in as we go by.
Latha: In your own case have you already seen FDI flow in and therefore by the next quarter would we see an improvement in margins because funding is easier and will we see an increase in your order book?
A: It’s a tough question to answer. The policy has just been relaxed. We know the status of what it is right now, for these things to get implemented, will take some time. Many projects as you are aware especially on the commercial side have taken a backseat right now because most people have gone into residential which is easier to do from the cash flow point of view etc and most projects have gone in certain amount of equities, certain amount of debt and a predominant amount of advances from the customers and there is certain amount of investment that is available now on unsold area that is available now. Therefore, this is going to take some time for all to settle down and then to see the flip side of the policy initiatives that have been taken. So in my view this will take six months to one year before we see the result but we will see positivity as we go by.
Sonia: What the order book is looking like. In the core infrastructure segment for your own company there was a good revenue growth that we saw on the quarter gone by. Tell us what the second half of the year will look like?
A: From the construction point of view there is a bit of a struggle right now to be putting things in proper perspective. There have been many policy initiatives which has been announced but the actual implementation at the ground level for it to happen in our view will go on to Q4 that is January to March of next year and beyond and therefore Q3 we will, as we go by see that what we have committed will go through but for the real fillip side to come in, it will be the January to March and beyond of next year when we see more action flowing through.
Latha: Is there any specific sector which is throwing up more orders?
A: At the moment I look at the railway sector where we see huge prospects both in the dedicated freight corridor west and dedicated freight corridor east as we have some major developments going on. We also see some positive activity on the power transmission and distribution side where we see both distribution projects as well as transmission projects. Some amount of fillip on the water side but the infrastructure and the real estate side is still not showing that kind of positivity that one would like to see.
RELATED NEWS

A peek at gifts of the ultra-richThe rich don’t give gifts like the rest of us
Bryan Borzykowski
About the author
Bryan Borzykowski is a Toronto-based business writer and editor. He writes about personal finance, wealth issues and other money topics for BBC Capital and also contributes to the New York Times, CNBC, CNNMoney, Canadian Business and the Globe and Mail. He’s written three investing and personal finance books, too. Follow him on Twitter @bborzyko. 
A surprise in your garage?
The Neiman Marcus Limited-Edition Maserati Ghibli Q4 costs $95,000.
A heart-racing gift
The $50,000 VilebreQuin quadski—the  half jet ski, half all-terrain vehicle.
The sweet smell of success
A personalised perfume experience is a cool $475,000.
For the artistically inclined
Jeff Koons’ Dom Perignon Balloon Venus sold for $20,000 each.
More Slideshows
How to buy a diamond
Aly MacGregor, like plenty of people, loves buying gifts. She buys them for birthdays, baby showers, holidays and even for friends at work. But most people don’t bestow presents of the type — and size — that MacGregor does.
Last year, MacGregor, president of London-based public relations firm Reicura, took her Toronto-based mother to a Napa Valley, California, winery for her 50th birthday. Not an uncommon splurge gift, to be sure. But MacGregor got the winery, which doesn’t give tours, to open for her and her mother and provide on-site meals and extensive wine tasting.
“We got to see how the wine was made and at the end of it she got a taster made from grapes from her birth year,” she said. “It was really special.”
She won't reveal how much the jaunt cost, merely saying it was a "pretty penny."
How did she pull this off? As the old saying goes, money talks.
Considered an ultra-high-net-worth individual — her family has more than $30m in assets — money isn’t much of a consideration for MacGregor when it comes to buying just-right gifts.
The wealthy, like the rest of us, want to surprise their family and friends with thoughtful presents at holidays and big milestones. But when it comes to the gifts they give, the rich are in a category of their own.
Going big, and experiential
When you have dollars at your disposal, it’s easy to buy anything at the store, so an experiential gift shows thought and appreciation. MacGregor, for instance, prefers to buy experiences, she said. They are more meaningful, and, she said, more thought has to go into the gift.
This year she took her sister to New York City for a Sex and the City-themed birthday vacation. The experience featured less shopping than in the hit US show, but plenty of eating at restaurants highlighted in the programme, she said.
For her 27th birthday, MacGregor’s mother took her to Muskoka, Ontario, a ritzy cottage town two hours north of Toronto, where they stayed in a friend's "extravagant" cottage where they ate meals prepared by an on-call chef.
Other rich people, though, do spend tens or hundreds of thousands on cars, jewellery and other items as presents for people in their lives. For instance, Neiman Marcus, a Dallas, Texas-based luxury department store’s annual Christmas book, includes presents that only the most moneyed individuals can afford.
This year, the company is selling a 100th anniversary Neiman Marcus Limited-Edition Maserati Ghibli Q4 for $95,000. So far it's sold 49 cars said Ginger Reeder, Neiman Marcus’ vice-president of communications, adding that the cars are always the best sellers.
The catalogue also offers a trip to Germany where the buyer will visit with jewellery designer Monica Rich Kosann and, together, create a one-of-a-kind locket. That gift sells for $100,000, and so far one trip has been purchased, said Reeder.
People can also buy a Vilebrequin Quadski — half jet ski, half all-terrain vehicle — for $50,000. While none have officially sold, a sale is pending, said Reeder, who is also in charge of finding the fantasy gifts—items Neiman Marcus specifically highlights as the ultimate in special present.
Another of the catalogue’s “fantasy gifts,” is a make-your-own fragrance experience.
The $475,000 price tag includes two first-class tickets to Paris, dinner with famous perfume maker Olivier Creed, car service, private tours and more. Six months after the trip, the buyer will receive their perfume in 24 14-karat gold-gilded six-litre falcons and 12 14-karat gold-accented leather atomizers.
For many of these ultra-luxurious gifts, only one item is available. In 2012, Neiman Marcus offered one walk-on role in the Broadway production of Annie for $30,000. It was purchased by someone who wanted to do something special for his wife's 65th birthday, said Reeder.
The most expensive gift ever sold was a Neiman Marcus edition Bell Helicopter, which went for $6.7m in 2001. The gift that sold the most was Jeff Koons' Dom Perignon Balloon Venus — 75 of them were purchased in 2013 for $20,000 each.
Cars, horses, jewellery, oh my
Of course, when you have money, you don’t have to do the gift buying yourself. Ari Zoldan, the CEO of Quantum Networks, a New York-based wireless technology company, said that many of his friends send their personal assistants on shopping quests to Hermes, Mercedes and other luxury retailers.
Zoldan didn’t want to discuss his own personal spending, but was willing to talk about how friends in his peer group spend.
When you’re rich, gifts know few bounds. Among the presents Zoldan said his friends have purchased: A Lamborghini for a girlfriend, a show horse for a loved one and a romantic getaway to Richard Branson’s Necker Island, where resort room prices start at about $30,000 a night.
Global Blue, a Switzerland-based company that facilitates tax-free shopping in a number of countries, also tracks luxury spending (purchases of items that cost 200 euros ($256) or more). The company works with more than 270,000 retailers in 43 countries, including parts of Europe, Asia and the Middle East.
So far in 2014, the Chinese have been the biggest shoppers, according to Global Blue. A Chinese traveller spent 20.7m euros ($26.5m), at one time, in Singapore. Someone from Indonesia made the second-biggest purchase, also in Singapore, spending 12m euros ($15m). (The company doesn’t track the spending habits of people in their home countries.)
There are, of course, regional variations in how people approach spending. MacGregor has wealthy friends in Europe, America and Canada and finds that Europeans are looking for high-quality items such as a fine wine. Her American friends are far showier. They want the Ferrari they can race down the street. Canadians are somewhere in between, she said. Zoldan sees a similar pattern among his friends.
Digging for deals
The world’s wealthiest can afford almost anything, said Reeder. But most aren’t buying these pricey presents on an impulse, she said.
That wasn’t always the case. People used to spend more freely, Reeder said, but since the 2008 global recession, buyers are looking for specific items and special experiences.
The rich “want to be more careful with what they buy,” she said, “They want to purchase the perfect gift, rather than just an expensive one.”
The wealthy also don’t stay rich by squandering their money. They like a deal as much as the rest of us, said Zoldan.
Most of his friends spend between $30,000 and $300,000 on individual gifts, but are thrilled if they can save a few thousand dollars on a present. The rest of us scrounge for coupons or frequent deal websites or wait for sales, but the wealthy get discounts by working with personal shoppers who have a connection with a store, or by negotiating with shop managers directly if they’re picking up the item themselves.
While a $2,000 discount won’t make a difference to someone spending $50,000, Zoldan said his circle of friends get a kick out of “bargain” hunting.
“It’s partly for the thrill of it,” he said. “They want the opportunity to play in the race and have competitive advantages.”
While there are a lot of expensive toys for people to choose from, sometimes, the wealthy run into a problem the rest of us don’t face: What do you get the person who can afford anything?
That’s what’s MacGregor is asking herself now. Her father’s birthday is coming up and she has no idea what to get for him. “He has everything he could ever want and then some,” she said. “The best gift for him would be a grandchild, but that’s not happening.”
When it comes to the gifts they give, the rich are in a category of their own.

Chelsea march on  City stay 2ndBy: Reuters | London |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:10 am
Chelsea’s inexorable Premier League title march continued with a consummate 3-0 triumph over Tottenham Hotspur as champions Manchester City stayed second with a 4-1 canter at Sunderland on Wednesday.
Southampton’s challenge suffered further deflation with a 1-0 defeat at Arsenal, but the pacesetters took full advantage with Chelsea making it 21 games unbeaten this season thanks to goals from Eden Hazard, Didier Drogba and Loic Remy.
Even without suspended top scorer Diego Costa, the 36-year-old Drogba proved an ageless replacement, scoring within two minutes of Hazard’s 19th-minute opener before Remy replaced him and netted to seal the points.
Chelsea’s victory, which continued their amazing record of being unbeaten by Spurs at Stamford Bridge for 24 years, maintained their six-point lead over City, who came from behind to crush Sunderland at the Stadium of Light.
The champions were once again grateful to the league’s leading marksman Sergio Aguero who produced a sublime display, scoring twice with his 13th and 14th league goals of the season.
The Argentine struck two minutes after Connor Wickham had put Sunderland ahead on 19 minutes, equalising with the sweetest of strikes.
He then set up Stevan Jovetic six minutes before the break, Pablo Zabaleta added a third and Aguero completed the rout.
Southampton, whose high-flying start to the season was arrested in a 3-0 defeat by City on Sunday, slumped to a second successive defeat with an 89th-minute Alexis Sanchez goal finally breaking their resistance at the Emirates.
They are now 10 points adrift of Chelsea but for most of the night, it had seemed that Fraser Forster’s heroic efforts in the Southampton goal would earn them a point until Sanchez struck to put Arsenal in sixth place, 13 points behind Chelsea.
Hull City squeezed out of the relegation zone with a 1-1 draw at Everton, Sone Aluko scoring a 59th-minute equaliser after a superb 34th-minute Romelu Lukaku effort for the home side.

CAG to RIL:  WhatSAP with the dataCAG to RIL: 'WhatSAP with the data?'
N Sundaresha Subramanian | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 11:19 AM IST
Reliance Industries’ (RIL) stock jumped 2-3% on Friday soon after the Comptroller and Auditor General Report was tabled in the Parliament. Various reasons have been floated for the spike. Initial reports said that RIL had been allowed to recover $160 million (roughly Rs 960 crore) on its KG-D6 block. That’s chickenfeed for a company that clocked revenue of Rs 96,486 crore in September quarter, I thought. Does it deserve a 3% jump? 
By evening, it turned out the CAG had actually disallowed this sum claimed on account of three “unauthorised” wells. While some reports have talked about the $427 million recoveries allowed in ‘national interest’ by the government’s principal auditor, others quoted a total of $970 million, on which the CAG had raised red flags over on various counts.  The CAG also observed that Reliance has recovered $9.2 billion out of the $10.44 billion invested in the field till March 2013.  
In any case, all these figures were digested and the stock is back to levels below last Thursday’s close as I write this. It’s difficult to make out from the stock movement what the CAG report actually meant. May be it will play out over a longer term when crude related uncertainties peter out. 
But in those early hours, was the market seeing the glass which was 90% full rather than focusing on the empty part? 
A clue came for those who attended the CAG press briefing during the lead auditor’s presentation.  He talked about how the contractor did not share complete records on its accounting system, which ran on the popular Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software called SAP. In simple words, SAP helps organize and manage data from different verticals such as sales, procurement, human resources, accounting at one place to give the whole picture of a company’s operations.  “They provided the complete manual records. But for SAP they did not give full access,” the auditor said.
The accounts of all domestic blocks belonging to RIL were maintained in a SAP ERP system. The books of each block are inter-linked in SAP. The auditors are given customized profiles to access the system. However, the auditors observed that these customized profiles were useless for their audits. 
“With complete access to all modules of SAP one can download the data of all transactions pertaining to this and analyse selected data in various and complex ways, which is not possible in the SAP system itself. However, in case of customized profiles, as given to the auditors of the operator, it was not possible to extract the required data in all the cases and perform the analysis,” the report said.  
The audit report dedicates an entire sub chapter (2.3.1) titled ‘Restricted access to SAP’ containing several paragraphs to explain the constraints it faced while auditing the books of the contractor. 
A similar issue was raised during the previous audit in 2010-11 after which the  Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas had promised to give necessary instructions through the management committee for ‘making changes in system configuration, as desired by audit.’ However, CAG found that the ministry eventually did not issue any such instruction through the management committee.  
The report gets into further details where after further correspondence, the auditors were allowed some additional access in September 2013. But this did not include access to key areas such as sales & distribution, project system, assets accounting, bank accounting, audit information system etc. 
 
More stonewalling was in store when the auditors tried to download the data from this limited ‘additional access’. 
Extracting gas from sea might have been easier than getting what they wanted from the contractor. They found that the domain computer did not allow them to copy such downloaded data into pen drives or other external storage devices such as DVD, leading them to note that “… therefore this downloaded data was of little use to audit.”
Further verbal and written pleas followed for providing data on DVD. By the time some DVDs came, it was already the end of audit duration. “Thus, the operator, in spite of having information on audit schedule, gave fragmented information, that too, after considerable delay.”
In an exit conference conducted in June, RIL cited its security and confidentiality policy, which makes it ‘naturally’ difficult for outsiders to access SAP. “In spite of these constraints, all assistance was provided to the CAG’s audit team with sufficient information to carry out an audit under section 1.9 of the Accounting procedure of the PSC,” RIL said. 
CAG contends that there is difference between what is ‘sufficient’ and ‘complete /requisite.' Further, It said what the operator contends as sufficient may not be sufficient in the auditors view. It said it was insisting on SAP access because, “The information provided by the operator was found to be incomplete again and again” and that RIL was not ready to certify that the information given was ‘complete’. 
In June 2014, the forgetful ministry, which gave the 2011 direction for reconfiguring system to allow access but did not follow up, after hearing the saga went back to Square One, saying “audit may specify any specific data that audit could not get” so that the contractor can be given “necessary instructions”. It also asked the CAG to quantify the contract cost left unaudited due to lack of access for disallowance. 
The CAG, realising that this would be another blind-men-feeling-an-elephant kind of exercise, quickly rejected the idea. “In this case, it is not possible to quantify the amounts due to restricted access,” it said. However, it recorded that the constraints have been adequately detailed in these chapters and operator may be asked to reconfigure SAP system to allow audit access across all modules. 
As we were walking out for tea after the press briefing, I asked the lead auditor if they faced similar issues with any of the other contractors. “No, only RIL,” he said.  Could you have taken a bigger sample, would the disallowances have increased? “We could certainly have taken a bigger sample,” he said.   
Another reporter was overheard murmuring about how the company has again managed to allow audit to happen on only what it wanted to be audited. 
Was it this little SAP story that excited the Street? Time will tell.
Separate subchapters (2.3.2 & 2.3.3) dealt with other audit constraints such as incomplete lists and non-production of documents. 
My mind went back to instances where a north Indian group played with regulators and tax officials with truckloads of documents and papers and CDs without passwords.   
If smaller sized companies can play the cat-and-mouse game with regulators and auditors, can the country’s largest corporation be far behind?
What say RIL? 
An email questionnaire sent to the RIL spokesperson on Tuesday evening remained unanswered. 
 

HNIs play F&O for fake profit  loss to dodge cap gains taxDec 04, 2014, 12.41 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HNIs play F&O for fake profit, loss to dodge cap gains tax
Short term capital gains tax liability can be lowered by showing fake losses through derivatives trading, and unaccounted money can be shown as profits earned from the trades.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HNIs play F&O for fake profit, loss to dodge cap gains tax
Short term capital gains tax liability can be lowered by showing fake losses through derivatives trading, and unaccounted money can be shown as profits earned from the trades.
Post your opinion here
Santosh Nair
moneycontrol.com
Out-of-money call and put stock options on the bourses are suddenly seeing a flurry of activity, as many high networth individuals (HNIs) are said to be using this route to suppress their tax liability or legalise unaccounted money before this accounting year ends. An out-of-money call option is one in which the strike price is higher than the spot price, and an out-of-money put option is one which the strike price is lower than the spot price.
Short term capital gains tax liability can be lowered by showing fake losses through derivatives trading, and unaccounted money can be shown as profits earned from the trades. For stock market traders, money earned from trading shares is treated as business income ad so the tax rate is more than twice that of short term capital gains tax.
Brokers say there is a huge demand for ‘losses’ as most market players have made handsome profits from the one-sided bull run since the start of this financial year.
A client looking to buy fake losses will buy out-of-the money options, which have no realistic chance of making profits. On settlement day, the options will expire worthless, causing a loss to the buyer to the extent of premium paid on those options. The writer of that option contract will make a profit equivalent of the premium collected.
Usually, both sets of the clients trade with the same broker. The book profits and losses made from these trades are later swapped in hard cash, and the broker gets a cut. For instance, if client A makes a fake loss of Rs 1 lakh and client B makes a fake profit of Rs 1 lakh, B will get a cheque of Rs 1 lakh pay back A that amount in cash.
Players familiar with these activities say some of the brokers co-operate with each other since there are occasions when one broker may have more requests for ‘losses’ and another broker may have more requests for ‘profits’.
Sources say the less liquid equity options segment on the BSE is the preferred playing ground for these transactions. If the contracts are too liquid, the broker will not be able to put through the negotiated trades. That is because there is a risk of the trades getting matched with some other broker’s clients.
The huge volumes on Wednesday in many of the out-of-money options expiring today do appear suspicious.
For instance, a day ahead of the expiry today, 10.8 lakh shares (equivalent) of call options of IDBI Bank strike price Rs 80 were purchased, compared to the spot price of less than Rs 75. Adding the cost of premium, the buyer will need the stock price to jump more than 10 percent within a day to be able to make a profit on that deal.
Similarly, 2.04 lakh shares (equivalent) of Dish TV put options with a strike price of Rs 55 were purchased, compared to the spot price of over Rs 65. The stock will have to fall more than 20 percent within a day for the buyers to make a profit. Similar trades were seen in option contracts of JSW Energy, SAIL, Andhra Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, to name a few.
Till a couple of years back, many brokers used to help clients fake short term capital gains tax and legalise unaccounted money through cash market trades by altering the client codes at the end of the day. But with the Sebi and exchanges imposing a hefty fine for client code modifications , the action now has shifted to the F&O segment.
Tax evasion/money laundering through the F&O route is nothing new.
In 2007, Sebi had pulled up 25 firms for entering synchronised trades in the F&O segment on the NSE, ostensibly for tax liability adjustments.
One of the entities, Rakhi Trading was fined Rs 1.08 crore in 2009 for the violation. Rakhi Trading moved SAT, which in 2010 set aside the Sebi order saying that even if the trades were done solely for the purpose of ‘tax planning’, there was no evidence of market manipulation.
Excerpts from the SAT order:
“It is obvious that the impugned trades were executed for the purpose of tax planning. The arrangement between parties was that profits and losses would be booked by each of them for effective tax planning to ease the burden of the liability and it is for this purpose that they synchronised trades and reversed them.
Even if we consider transactions undertaken for tax planning as being non-genuine trades, such trades in order to be objectionable must result in influencing the market one way or the other. We do not find any evidence of that.”
Sebi is contesting this verdict in the Supreme Court.
Technically SAT may have been right, but that does make life tough for the Income-Tax department as it tries to achieve its revenue targets for the year.

FM for more cooperation to check tax evasion  smugglingDec 04, 2014, 01.01 PM IST  | Source: PTI
FM for more cooperation to check tax evasion, smuggling
Although the fiscal incentives for financial malpractices have come down over the years, the Minister said revenue intelligence officials must increase global cooperation to "check tax evasion and smuggling."
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FM for more cooperation to check tax evasion, smuggling
Although the fiscal incentives for financial malpractices have come down over the years, the Minister said revenue intelligence officials must increase global cooperation to "check tax evasion and smuggling."
Post your opinion here
 
Calling upon revenue intelligence agencies to enhance cooperation with their global counterparts to check tax evasion and smuggling, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said free trade should also mean fair trade.
Although the fiscal incentives for financial malpractices have come down over the years, the Minister said revenue intelligence officials must increase global cooperation to "check tax evasion and smuggling."
While inaugurating the 2nd Regional Customs Enforcement conference here, the Minister stressed that effective steps to curb tax evasion and avoidance are necessary to ensure that "free trade remains fair trade."
Jaitley also called upon revenue intelligence officials to increase the use of technology and develop the ability to read between the lines to check financial malpractices.
The dynamics of revenue intelligence would continue to evolve with changing times, he said, adding "world is obliterating the distinction between tax evasion and tax avoidance."
He said there was a time when the incentive for tax evasion and smuggling was high. However, with the decline in tax rates, tariffs and duties, the "incentive for (financial malpractices) is going down."
India has been vociferously raising the issues concerning tax evasion and avoidance at several international meetings, especially at the G-20 deliberations.
RELATED NEWS

Shiv Sena to join BJP Govt in MaharashtraSena will join Fadnavis govt today
Our Bureau
Courtesy call Accompanied by family members, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray (third from left) greets Maharashtra Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao at Raj Bhavan in Mumbai, on Thursday PTI
A file image of Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis with Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
BJP formalises deal with former ally
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
After more than two months of electoral rivalry and verbal attacks, Uddhav Thackeray-led Shiv Sena decided to join the Devendra Fadnavis-led BJP government in Maharashtra on Thursday.
In the new alliance, Sena will get five Cabinet and seven Minister of State berths. However, on Friday, only 10 Sena members will be administered oath of office. The remaining two are likely to join the government early next year.
The Sena had earlier bargained for at least 15 ministerial positions. It had also wanted the posts of Deputy Chief Minister and Home Minister. Fadnavis did not announce the portfolio at the time of going to press, but sources indicated that there is unlikely to be any Deputy CM.
By bringing Sena on board, the BJP-led government will get a clear majority of 184 in an Assembly of 288 seats. The party has 121 MLAs against the Sena’s 63. The NCP, with 41 MLAs, had announced external support to the government. With the addition of 10 new ministers, the total number will go up to 30.
“People of the State as well as party workers want both the parties to form an alliance and run the State government. Therefore we are giving in to their demand and forming an alliance government in the State,” the Chief Minister said at a press conference here.
He added that the two parties will jointly contest the elections for local bodies, such as Zillha Parishad and Municipal Councils, which are due shortly. “We will form a joint coordination committee for fighting such elections,” he said.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Unwelcome return of political risk to UKLast updated: December 4, 2014 5:04 pm
Unwelcome return of political risk to UK
Ralph Atkins in London
Volatility set to increase as uncertainty over May election rises
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9e29362-7b18-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Standard Life set to target property debtStandard Life to launch £250m property debt fund
Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d0fb5ad4-7adf-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bhopal A Prayer For Rain review: It s heart-wrenching  but where s the intensityPlay Pause
Bhopal: A Prayer for Rain poster (Photo: APrayerForRain/Facebook)
Martin Sheen is a winner of International Emmy Awards and has also been nominated for #GoldenGlobeAwards eight times. He will be seen as Warren Anderson in an Indian film. (Photo: APrayerForRain/Facebook)
Kal Penn, American actor, producer and a civil servant will be starring in an Indian film for the first time with Bhopal: A Prayer for Rain.  (Photo: APrayerForRain/Facebook)
Mischa Barton plays Eva Gascon, a french journalist visiting Bhopal. (Photo: APrayerForRain/Facebook)
 Tannishtha Chatterjee plays Leela, Dilip's (Rajpal Yadav) wife. (Photo: APrayerForRain/Facebook)
In December 1984, Bhopal suffered one of the most tragic accidents in world history where thousands of people lost their lives. Three decades later, the victims and survivors of the accident continue to wait for justice. Ravi Kumar's docu-drama Bhopal: A Prayer For Rain traces the build-up to the tragedy that still haunts India. 
 
The film, co-written by Ravi Kumar and David Brooks, begins with the disclaimer “Based on true events but certain cinematic liberties have been taken for dramatic effect.” 
 
Dilip ( Rajpal Yadav ) plays a rickshaw puller in Bhopal and lives in abject poverty, struggling to make a living for his wife Leela (Tannishtha Chatterjee), one child and a sister. Life takes a turn for the better, or so it seems  to the family, when Dilip is asked to replace a worker who died in an accident inside the Union Carbide factory. His only qualification? He could pick up a sack!
 
The death, on the other hand, instigates a local journalist Motwani (Kal Penn) to investigate the safety precautions followed by company. He tries to reach everyone from the local doctor (Manoj Joshi) to persuading a visiting American journalist (Mischa Barton) to interview the Union Carbide chief Warren Anderson (Martin Sheen). However, by the time he finally gets to know the truth, it is too late. He discovers the poisonous nature of chemicals over-stocked in the area only on the night of the tragic mishap.
On a parallel plane, the film also tries to document the challenges facing the US-based company, its struggles to meet sales targets and its failure to meet safety standards, among others. The top officials of Union Carbide sadly feel they are carrying their share of social responsibility by providing jobs to the local people and choose to ignore the safety norms. When told that there are certain safety issues that need to be addressed as soon as possible, a visiting top officer says, “Safety is a local issue, give me sales figures.” They are even seen telling a worker, who complains of sickness and asks if it has anything to do with the chemicals, that “all chemicals used to are harmless to the human body”.
 
Director Ravi Kumar, who won the Bermuda Shorts Award in 2002 for his short film My Other Wheelchair Is a Porsche, should be congratulated for picking a rather grave subject for his latest film. Though the enormity of the accident is never lost in the film, one wished it was more intense. It is only towards the end that Bhopal A Prayer... lives up to the gravity of the issue with heart-wrenching scenes of the accident and deaths all around.
 
Also, Kumar delves a little too much into the life and struggles of Dilip, perhaps for a personal touch to the story. But that is what takes away from the severity of the issue at hand. The audience is certainly aware of the worst chemical accident in world’s history and hence all the poverty and misery does build up the eventual helplessness of the victims. What is missing is that Kumar stops short of putting the blame on anyone. Warren is depicted as a rather humanist, someone who was kept in ignorance of the defaulting safety norms. Victims of the gas tragedy, who watched the film, claim that Warren’s interaction with the factory workers shown in this film was not close to what happened actually. He, however, hints that a few locals working with the factory could be blamed for the tragedy. 
 
The accident happened three decades ago, but the cautionary tale that Bhopal is, could not be more relevant. Bhopal A Prayer For Rain highlights the tragic reality that the promise of jobs and prosperity often trumps environmental and safety concerns and our governments tend to ignore corporate irresponsibility in return for votes and bribes.
 
All the actors do justice to characters they play. Rajpal Yadav, for instance, looks convincing playing a poor man struggling with the dowry-demands for his sister. The pain on his face when he confronts the widow of the man he is asked to replace in the factory looks real. Martin Sheen and Kal Penn are smooth with their performances and add a depth to the movie. The carelessness with which Sheen says, “It is a third world country, always messy,” is very haunting. Or the way he ignores a serious debate on whether the company should compensate a worker’s death saying, “The question is gentlemen, White or red? (referring to the wines on offer by the butler)” is devastating to say the least. Penn essays the role of a journalist hell-bent on exposing the company’s threat to the lives of the locals in Bhopal and he does it wonderfully.  Mischa’s cameo seems unnecessary as she has little to do in the movie.
Ravi Kumar is not scared of showing India's underbelly while pointing a finger at American arrogance in dealing with this shameful incident. The screenplay is where the movie fails. It could have been a more involving story.
Bhopal A Prayer For Rain is a must-watch, for the sheer gravity of the criminal incident that remains unresolved three decades after it occurred. Also, it blames both the American and Indian sides.
Sadly, this film does not offer any new insights into the tragedy. It could have been far more touching with a better research. Nonetheless, the performances and a decent screenplay make it worth a watch.

Israel is the latest target for Chinas panda diplomacyBy Adam Taylor December 4 Follow @mradamtaylor
(Lazaro Garnio/The Washington Post)
Beijing's famous "panda diplomacy" is finally reaching Israel. This week, China announced that as long as the facility meets the standards needed for the animals, it would soon be loaning  two panda bears to a zoo in Haifa .
China's practice of giving the bears to its allies and partners has a long history: Some date it to the 7th-century Tang Dynasty, though it was revived by Mao Zedong in the 20th century and became well known in the United States in 1972 when President Richard Nixon received two pandas after a landmark visit to China. Countries ranging from Belgium to Japan have been on the receiving end.
Given the pandas' ubiquity and cuteness, it's easy to forget what a weird diplomatic tactic loaning them is. Pandas are a strange lot. They are notoriously difficult to breed and expensive to keep (U.S.  zoos have complained that the animals cost more to maintain than they bring in extra revenue ). And although they look cuddly enough, the creatures sometimes have an unpleasant demeanor. "Mean-spirited, mate-abusing, progeny-mauling, deviant monsters" is the way my colleague Ishaan Tharoor once described them .
A giant panda bear chews at Pairi Daiza animal park in Brugelette, Belgium, 05 April 2014. EPA/STEPHANIE LECOCQ
In the complicated world of diplomacy between Israel and China, perhaps a panda makes sense. The two countries may seem like close allies now, but it hasn't always been the case — and things are already more complicated than meets the eye.
In 1950, a newly established Israel was the first Middle Eastern nation to recognize the Communist Party as the legitimate leader of China. Israel had some reason to look kindly upon China: About 20,000 Jews had taken refuge in the country during World War II. However, for decades after the People's Republic of China was established, relations were strained. China had little, if any, diplomatic ties with Israel and instead emphasized its support for Palestinian groups: It became one of the first non-Arab states to recognize the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) and developed a relationship with Yasser Arafat .
By the mid-1980s, things were beginning to change behind the scenes: China, rapidly modernizing, was starting to secretly eye Israel technology . In 1992, after Israel and the PLO began peace negotiations, China established diplomatic relations with the country. Relations bloomed. Israel rapidly became the second-biggest arms supplier to China (which, in turn, led to protests from the United States ) and bilateral trade boomed  — the volume increasing from almost $50 million in 1992 to more than $10 billion in 2013.
Today, both countries play up their relationship. In a video address to China in January to mark the Year of the Dragon, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he was "confident that the coming year will bring a deepening of the friendship between the two peoples." In return, Gao Yanping, China's ambassador to Israel, wrote that "it is my firm belief that, through our joint efforts, Sino-Israeli relations will enjoy wider and greater prospects!"
However, there are signs that it may not always be an easy relationship. China may be friends with Israel, but it also enjoys good relations with many Arab nations. It remains tied to the Palestinian cause and recognized Hamas as the leader of the Gaza Strip after the group won Palestinian elections in 2006, despite Israel and the United States designating Hamas a terrorist organization (China does not classify Lebanon's Hezbollah as a terrorist organization, either). It remains critical of Israeli settlements built in the West Bank and East Jerusalem and condemned the Israeli response to an international flotilla carrying aid and activists to Gaza in 2010.
Perhaps even tougher may be Beijing's friendly relationship with Iran and its support for Tehran at the United Nations. That support has been tempered in the past few years (after significant lobbying from Israel), but it remains an awkward issue. "As the People's Republic discovers the Jews, it should remember an old Yiddish proverb," Oren Kessler, a former editor at the Jerusalem Post who is now deputy director of research at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, wrote in 2012 . "You can't dance at two weddings at once."
These mixed diplomatic signals seem to reflect the general confusion among both nations' citizenry. In a 2013 poll by the Pew Research Center, just 15 percent of Israelis said China was a partner. Almost as many (13 percent) said it was an enemy, and 67 percent said it was neither. In a 2014 poll conducted by the BBC , 39 percent of Chinese people had a negative view of Israel while only 13 percent had a positive view. Things were almost as bad in Israel, where just 27 percent had a positive view of China while 34 percent held a negative view.
In this light, perhaps the gift of a panda — a creature that often refuses to procreate and is far less cute than its fluffy public persona may suggest — is appropriate. But perhaps Netanyahu should be careful when accepting panda diplomacy. In 1973, a BBC documentary noted that a number of world leaders who received pandas from China, including Nixon, Britain's Edward Heath and Japan's Kakuei Tanaka, were soon forced out of office. "Panda diplomacy" can sometimes become a "panda curse."
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

China marks first Constitution DayChina marks first ‘Constitution Day’ as party maintains primacy
Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f03c4348-7b86-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Polite lawyer who grew a global colossus© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2944ede-732f-11e4-907b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China marks first Constitution DayChina marks first ‘Constitution Day’ as party maintains primacy
Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f03c4348-7b86-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sky agrees 800m gaming deal with CVCSky cashes in lead stake in gambling unit
Henry Mance, Daniel Thomas and Arash Massoudi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77cf2d4a-7b85-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ask Matt: The best stock to hold foreverAP
Q: What’s the best stock to hold forever?
A: Investors are always looking for a way to simplify their investing. What’s better than a single-stock portfolio? And thanks to innovations in finance, it’s actually possible.
Choosing individual stocks confuses investors for good reason. If you’re buying individual stocks you not only need to pick the right stocks, but buy them at the right time and sell them at the right time. The difficulty of that task cannot be underestimated. Even most professional money managers are unable to beat the market.
And that’s the secret. If you’re looking for a single stock to buy and hold forever, just buy the market. There are a variety of exchange-traded funds that own all 500 stocks in the S&P 500. Once choice is Vanguard’s S&P 500 ETF, which trades by the symbol VOO. If you’re willing to put up with a second stock, a good choice would be an ETF that owns a basket of bonds. One example is Vanguard’s Total Bond Market ETF, which trades by the symbol BND. Owning an S&P 500 fund will give you essential stock exposure and the bond ETF will give you essential bond holdings. With that said, there are other types of stocks you can add when you’re willing to optimize returns by adding a bit of complexity over time.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Sensex Gains Over 100 Points  ITC Surges 5.5%You are here: Home Market
Sensex Gains Over 100 Points, ITC Surges 5.5%
NDTV | Updated On: December 04, 2014 15:55 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
The 50-share Nifty and Sensex showed some strength after three days of consolidation with the bluchip indices ending with 0.30 per cent and 0.40 per cent gains.
Earlier in the session, the Sensex jumped 350 points above the 28,800 mark and the Nifty gained over 85 points to a day high of 8,627.
Market analyst Sarvendra Srivastava said as long as the Nifty holds above 8450-8500 levels, it could rise to 8800 levels.
ITC, India's biggest cigarette maker, was the top Nifty gainer. The stock ended 5.5 per cent higher on reports the government may not ban the sale of loose cigarettes, which account for 65 to 70 per cent of total cigarette sale in India. Other tobacco companies such as Godfrey Philips India and VST Industries also ended higher.
Banking stocks also showed strength, extending their gains to the sixth day. Among banking stocks, ICICI Bank, HDFC, HDFC Bank and IndusInd Bank were up between 0.75 per cent and 1 per cent.
In broader markets, Alok Industries jumped 12.5 per cent on heavy volumes. However, budget carrier SpiceJet, which had run up sharply on Monday, saw selling pressure and fell over 5 per cent.
Some weakness was seen in IT stocks with HCL Tech and Infosys falling over 1 per cent.
The Sensex ended 120 points higher at 28,562 while Nifty rose 26 points to 8,564.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 15:54 (IST)

Spectrum case: SC reserves verdict on Mittal  Ruia pleastrials
The Supreme Court on Thursday reserved its verdict on pleas of Bharti Cellular Ltd CMD Sunil Bharti Mittal and Essar Group promoter Ravi Ruia against a trial court order summoning them as accused in a corruption case related to the allocation of additional spectrum during the NDA rule in 2002.
A three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu reserved the judgment after senior advocate F S Nariman, appearing for Mittal, concluded the arguments saying that the trial court erred in summoning his client despite the fact that the CMD was named as accused in the charge sheet.
“The Assistant Legal Adviser (CBI) said that only public servants be made accused. It was then CBI Director A P Singh who said that the companies can also be made accused,” he said, adding that the trial judge went further and summoned Mittal as accused.
The Managing Director cannot be held “vicariously liable” for a criminal offence of a company unless there is evidence, he said.
Nariman told the bench, also comprising justices M B Lokur and A K Sikri, that there was “nothing unusual” in the alleged assertion that Mittal had meetings with then Telecom Minister Pramod Mahajan and then Telecom Secretary Shyamal Ghosh.
Earlier, CBI, which had not charged Mittal and Ruia, had defended the decision of a Special CBI judge to summon them as accused.
The court was hearing petitions seeking setting aside of an order of the Special CBI Judge by which Ruia and Mittal, whose name did not figure in CBI’s charge sheet as accused, were summoned on March 19, last year.
The lower court had said that there was “enough material” to proceed against them in the case.
Earlier, Essar Group promoter Ravi Ruia had said that he was not connected with the day—to—day affairs of the accused company Sterling Cellular Ltd and he was wrongly summoned in the case.
Besides Mittal and Ruia, the lower court had also summoned Asim Ghosh, the then Managing Director of accused firm Hutchison Max Telecom Pvt Ltd. Ghosh was also not named as accused in the charge sheet.

Sensex snaps 3-day fall  up 120 pts led by ITC & financialsDec 04, 2014, 04.36 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex snaps 3-day fall, up 120 pts led by ITC & financials
China’s Shanghai was the top gainer, up 4.3 percent followed by Hang Seng with 1.7 percent upside on the back of strong US data. In Europe, France’s CAC and Germany’s DAX gained 0.5 percent ahead ahead of the European Cental Bank meet later today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex snaps 3-day fall, up 120 pts led by ITC & financials
China’s Shanghai was the top gainer, up 4.3 percent followed by Hang Seng with 1.7 percent upside on the back of strong US data. In Europe, France’s CAC and Germany’s DAX gained 0.5 percent ahead ahead of the European Cental Bank meet later today.
Post your opinion here
16:35
Moneycontrol Bureau
The 30-share BSE Sensex snapped three-day losing streak on Thursday, largely led by banking & financials stocks and index heavyweight ITC. The index gained more than 350 points in early trade to touch a life high of 28808.78 (8,626.95 on the Nifty) but gradually in next half an hour wiped out almost all gains. In last hour of trade, again the index gained strength following upside in global markets on hopes of fiscal stimulus from the European Central Bank.
The Sensex rose 120.11 points to close at 28562.82 and the Nifty climbed 26.75 points to 8564.40 while the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained 0.3 percent each.
Experts feel the market may continue to hit new record high (at least till the second Union Budget of Narendra Modi-led government) but if the correction happens, then that may be maximum 4-5 percent.
Bullish Rakesh Arora, Head of Research - India at Macquarie Capital Securities has a new Nifty target of 9,960 for the next 12 months. He expects earnings to grow 19-20 percent and adds that this fresh Nifty target is driven by 15 times earnings estimate for FY17.
Given the ongoing slide in global oil prices, he foresees more upside to the market if this fall continues further.
On the global front, China’s Shanghai was the top gainer, up 4.3 percent followed by Hang Seng with 1.7 percent upside on the back of strong US data. In Europe, France’s CAC and Germany’s DAX gained 0.5 percent ahead ahead of the European Cental Bank meet later today.
Back home, cigarette major ITC was stock of the day today, up 5.44 percent after sources told CNBC-TV18 that the government is unlikely to ban sale of loose cigarettes in near term as the proposal will hurt tobacco farmers. The health and agriculture ministries will now conduct a study on the same, say sources. Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries gained of 5 percent and 2.56 percent, respectively.
Private sector lender ICICI Bank gained 0.9 percent after  sub division of shares from face value of Rs 10 to Rs 2. Rivals HDFC Bank and State Bank of India too rose 0.9 percent each while housing finance company HDFC was up 0.66 percent.
Among others, Cipla and Sesa Sterlite climbed more than 2.5 percent whereas BHEL, Hindalco Industries, Reliance Industries, Larsen & Toubro, Bharti Airtel and Tata Power were down 0.7-2 percent.
Infosys fell nearly 1 percent. CEO, Vishal Sikka outlined strategy for the first time after joining the company, saying 'renew' and 'new' will be the strategic focus for the IT major. He is also looking at acquisitions in under-penetrated geographies and verticals.
Utility vehicle maker Mahindra and Mahindra was down 1.5 percent as reports indicated that the company is close to another global acquisition. Company among two Asian carmakers is in talks to acquire a majority stake in National Electric Vehicle Sweden (NEVS), say reports.
In the broader space, ABB climbed 13 percent as ABB Global CEO told CNBC-TV18 that they have no plans to delist subsidiary ABB India. He says that they have plan to double exports from India in next 3-5 years.
Sadbhav Engineering gained nearly 1 percent after the company's subsidiary Sadbhav Infra filed a DRHP with Sebi to undertake IPO. Sadbhav Infra will issue 1.62 crore shares worth Rs 600 crore in an IPO.
Page Industries was up 2 percent after brokerage Barclays initiated coverage of the stock with an overweight rating. The brokerage has 12-month P/E-based price target of Rs 10,954 (13 percent potential upside) on the stock as it expects Page’s robust earnings trajectory to be sustained.
National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) surged 5.5 percent as it signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Air India for development of land parcels of Air India at various locations on joint venture basis.
Shipping stocks like Bharati Shipyard, ABG Shipyard, Varun Shipping, SCI, Shreyas Shipping and Pipavav Defence rallied 3-12 percent after the government today asked Reserve Bank of India to relax rules to revive the shipbuilding industry. The government also asked RBI and finance ministry to sanction special dispensation for 5 years.
However, shares of Jubilant Foodworks fell nearly 3 percent as Barclays initiated coverage on the stock with an underweight rating, citing risk reward mismatch. The brokerage has a target price of Rs 1,250 on the stock, implying potential downside of 15 percent as it believes the same-store-sales growth recovery of the company will be 8-10 quarters away.
Archies fell 9 percent after promoter Varun Moolchandani offloaded 0.8 percent stake in the company through a block deal on the National Stock Exchange in previous session.
About 1502 shares advanced while 1450 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
14:00

Centre plans to set up Rs 10 000-crore electronics fundDec 04, 2014, 04.34 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Centre plans to set up Rs 10,000-crore electronics fund
The department would rope in existing venture capitalists (VC) for selecting the start-ups where funds would be made available for starting innovation exercise.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Centre plans to set up Rs 10,000-crore electronics fund
The department would rope in existing venture capitalists (VC) for selecting the start-ups where funds would be made available for starting innovation exercise.
Post your opinion here
 
The Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DEITY) is planning to set up a Rs 10,000 crore fund for innovation and development purposes in the sector, a top government official said today.
"The department will set up a Rs 10,000-crore corpus to fund innovation in electronics and IT," DEITY secretary R S Sharma said. The department would rope in existing venture capitalists (VC) for selecting the start-ups where funds would be made available for starting innovation exercise, Sharma told reporters on the sidelines of Infocomm 2014 here today.
He said the department would pick stake in the VCs to a maximum limit of 20 percent. Sharma added that with the huge quantum of electronics products being imported into the country at present, there was a need to increase domestic production. "Now the electronics import bill is USD 100 billion. This will go up to USD 400 billion by 2020," he said at the event.
"This will become unsustainable as the electronics import bill would exceed that of oil," he said. The official said the government was actively trying to promote innovation as there was a need to acquire substantial Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) for the country's developmental efforts.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex rises 120 pts  Nifty hits new peak; ITC in limelightDec 04, 2014 at  04:41pm IST
Sensex rises 120 pts, Nifty hits new peak; ITC in limelight
4
0
Mumbai: The benchmark Sensex on Thursday bounced back to end with a gain of 120 points and Nifty jumped 26.75 points after rising to new lifetime high on the back of heavy buying in ITC shares on buzz that the government will not ban sales of loose cigarettes.
Global cues were also supportive. Asian and European stocks surged on talk of global monetary stimulus ahead of a European Central Bank policy meeting that could move closer to expanded monetary easing.
ITC, the most influential stock in 30-share BSE Sensex, jumped 5.44 per cent to over six-month high on speculation that government will put on hold its proposal to ban sales of loose cigarettes. Shares of other cigarette makers like Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries also rose in 2-6 per cent range.
The benchmark Sensex on Thursday bounced back to end with a gain of 120 points and Nifty jumped 26.75 points after rising to new lifetime high on the back of heavy buying in ITC shares on buzz that the government will not ban sales of loose cigarettes.
#sensex #nifty #markets #economy
The Sensex, which had retreated from record highs by falling over 251 points in the previous three sessions, opened today on a strong footing. It quickly soared to day's high of 28,808.78. However, profit-booking at higher levels forced it to pare gains and closed at 28,562.82, up 120.11 points, or 0.42 per cent.
On similar lines the 50-share National Stock Exchange index Nifty, after scaling a new peak of 8,626.95 in early trade, closed at 8,564.40, up 26.75, or 0.31 per cent. Intra-day, the gauge breached its earlier record of 8,623 reached on December 1.
Persistent foreign capital inflows into equity market also boosted the market sentiment. Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 391.07 crore yesterday.
Besides ITC, Sensex constituents Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, ICICI Bank, Hindustan Unilever, HDFC Bank, SBI, Axis Bank, HDFC and Bajaj Auto notched up moderate gains.
Sectorally, the BSE FMCG index gained the most by rising 3 per cent, followed by Banking index 0.76 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.40 per cent, Metal index 0.29 per cent, Auto index 0.13 per cent and Power index 0.06 per cent.
Buying activity also witnessed in smallcap and midcap stocks. The BSE Small Cap index rose 0.31 per cent and the BSE Midcap index gained 0.25 per cent. Most Asian indices rose. "Chinese shares soared to multi year highs amidst steep rise in financial and oil shares and on the back of expectations of further economic stimulus measures," said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
1

Sanghvi Forging hits 52-week high  up 15% on bagging ordersDec 04, 2014, 04.47 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sanghvi Forging hits 52-week high, up 15% on bagging orders
The Vadodara-based engineering company said it has received orders from oil & gas and power sectors. "The majority of the orders received by the company are for its new heavy open die forging plant," it added.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sanghvi Forging hits 52-week high, up 15% on bagging orders
The Vadodara-based engineering company said it has received orders from oil & gas and power sectors. "The majority of the orders received by the company are for its new heavy open die forging plant," it added.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Sanghvi Forging and Engineering gained 14.61 percent to close at Rs 51 on the Bombay Stock Exchange on Thursday after bagging orders worth Rs 11 crore. The stock touched a 52-week high of Rs 53.40 intraday.
The Vadodara-based engineering company said it has received orders from oil & gas and power sectors. "The majority of the orders received by the company are for its new heavy open die forging plant," it added.
 
The company’s newly started heavy open die forging unit with the capacity of 15000 MTPA has increased the company’s forging capacity fivefold. Company already got 25 approvals for the new plant, which includes multinationals and Indian conglomerates, said the company in its filing.
Total order book size as on December 4, 2014 stood at Rs 45 crore and out of this around 75 percent is domestic and rests are from export orders.
Sanghvi Forging is engaged in manufacturing of open and closed die forging products for the oil & gas, petrochemicals, ship building, power & other sectors.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Sensex  Nifty up for 2nd day...ITC leadsSensex, Nifty up for 2nd day...ITC leads
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 04, 2014 16:04 IST
The Sensex finally ended the day with a gain of 120 points at 28,563. The Nifty firmed up towards the end of trading day, and eventually settled 27 points higher at 8,564.
 
 
The NSE Nifty soared to a fresh all-time high in opening trades led by strong gains in FMCG major ITC and banking stocks. ITC soared 5.4 per cent to Rs. 384 on reports that the government is to review its ban on sale of loose cigarettes. Reports indicate that the sale of loose cigarettes account for 65-70 per cent of total cigarette sales in India.
 
ITC today alone contributed 39 points to the Nifty, and accounted for a huge gain of 127 points for the BSE Sensex.
 
Markets started the day on an exhilarating note on the back of positive global cues, and strong demand for select index heavyweights like - ITC, TCS, ONGC, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Reliance Industries.
 
The key benchmark indices of the NSE and the BSE opened with a positive gap of 0.5 per cent each. The NSE Nifty started the day with a positive gap of 44 points at 8,582, and soon jumped to a fresh all-time high of 8,627 - up 89 points from the previous close.
 
A strong bout of profit-taking in select auto, banking, IT, energy and metal shares saw the NSE index wipe out gains, and slip into the negative zone within the first one-hour of trades.
 
The Nifty thereafter consolidated around the previous close, and also touched a low of 8,526 in the process - down 100 points from the day's high. Resurgent buying in the last one-hour of trades saw the NSE index firm up at close.
 
The Nifty firmed up towards the end of trading day, and eventually settled 27 points higher at 8,564.
 
Similarly, the Sensex opened 174 points higher at 28,617, and soon soared to a high of 28,809. The BSE index, once again, failed short of the new record high by mere 13-odd points.
 
The BSE index, thereafter, pared gains but managed to stay in the positive zone throughout the day. The Sensex finally ended the day with a gain of 120 points at 28,563.
 
Global cues were largely positive today. The Shanghai Composite index zoomed 4.3 per cent to 2,899. The Hang Seng rallied 1.7 per cent, and the Nikkei surged nearly a per cent today. As of 1530 hrs, the European market too was seen holding gains, albeit marginal. The FTSE was up 0.1 per cent, while the DAX and CAC 40 were up 0.4 per cent each.
 
Back to our markets, the broader also finished with notable gains. The CNX Midcap index was up 0.5 per cent at 12,737, and the Smallcap index jumped 0.8 per cent to 5,344.
 
The market breadth was somewhat neutral today, as advancing stocks were quite evenly matched by declining shares. Out of 1,734 stocks traded on the NSE, 796 advanced and 718 declined.
 
Sesa Sterlite surged nearly 3 per cent to Rs. 237. BPCL spurted 2.3 per cent to Rs. 727, and IndusInd Bank added 1.8 per cent to Rs. 789.
 
Cipla, NMDC and HDFC Bank advanced around a per cent each. ICICI Bank zoomed to a fresh all-time high of Rs. 366 after the stock turned ex-split today. The stock finally ended the day with a gain of 0.8 per cent at Rs. 362.
 
On the other hand, Bharti Airtel and HCL Technologies slipped over 2 per cent each to Rs. 370 and Rs. 1,621, respectively.
 
Tata Power, Hindalco and Mahindra & Mahindra shed 1.8 per cent each at Rs. 89, Rs. 166 and Rs. 1,264, respectively.
 
BHEL, IDFC, Reliance Industries, NTPC, Larsen & Toubro and Infosys were the other prominent losers in the Nifty 50 today.

VR Krishna Iyer passes awayLegendary jurist VR Krishna Iyer passes away
Our Bureau
Justice VR Krishna Iyer during his 100th birthday celebration at Kochi.
"When he spoke, the nation listened"
Kochi, Dec 4:  
Legendary jurist VR Krishna Iyer, who made judicial activism respectable, died here on Thursday afternoon after a lifetime spent fighting for human rights and justice for the weak.
The former Supreme Court judge was in hospital for a week for age-related complications and pneumonia and the cause of the death was renal and cardiac failure. The funeral will be held here at 6 pm on Friday.
‘Justice Krishna Iyer’, as he was always called, turned 99 last month, and the event was celebrated across Kerala as his centenary because he had entered his 100{+t}{+h} year.
Krishna Iyer, whose wife Sarada died 40 years ago, is survived by two sons.
Vaidyanathapuram Rama Iyer Krishna Iyer was born on November 15, 1915 at Sekharipuram, a suburb of Palakkad town, to Rama Iyer, a successful lawyer.
Legal acumen
Inspired by his father, Krishna Iyer studied law and started practising at Thalassery, which was an important outpost of East India Company. Soon he became known for his legal acumen and built up a brilliant career.
He successfully defended several communists when the movement was banned. In 1952, he was elected to the Madras Legislature (at the time, northern Kerala was part of Madras Presidency).
In 1957, he was elected to the Kerala Assembly as a Communist Independent and he joined EMS Nampoothirippad’s first Communist government in the State as Minister for Home, Law, Irrigation and Prisons.
Though the EMS government lasted only two years, Iyer made a lasting impact as a minister, particularly in the area of prison reforms. His steps to uphold prisoner rights are lauded even now, 55 years after the government was dismissed by the Centre.
Though he was a member of the Communist government, Iyer later said he had never been a communist. He did, however, imbibe many of the movement’s values.
He has always been considered a communist co-traveller, nevertheless.
Anti-establishment judge
Iyer was made a judge of the Kerala High Court in 1968 and became a member of the Law Commission in 1971.
He was elevated to the Supreme Court in July 1973 and retired in November 1980. He was considered an anti-establishment judge.
His Supreme Court days are noted for brilliant judgments on a variety of issues. His judgments on death penalty, public interest litigation and human rights have been lauded the world over. It is said that more than 100 Ph.D. theses have been written on Iyer’s contributions to Indian jurisprudence.
“When Krishna Iyer speaks, the nation listens,” was how Fali S Nariman once described him.
Social causes
After his retirement from the Supreme Court, Iyer spent two years in Chennai before moving to Kochi in 1982. Then began a socially-effective phase of his life when he got involved in myriad issues, mainly those related to human rights.
The rights of adivasis, women and minorities; environmental protection; secularism; and religious amity were some of the issues that received his attention. During the last quarter of his life, Iyer used his moral force with the government and the political establishment to correct policies as well as redress people’s grievances.
At one time, he was the patron of more than 100 organisations and associations. He also wrote books, mainly on law and justice, and frequently contributed to The Hindu on issues related to the judiciary.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Sensex jumps 120 points on FII inflows; FMCG stocks hog the limelightSensex jumps 120 points on FII inflows; FMCG stocks hog the limelight
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
The BSE benchmark Sensex ended the session higher by 120.11 points or 0.42 per cent at 28,562.82 and the NSE index Nifty closed up by 26.75 points or 0.31 per cent at 8,564.40.
Domestic sentiment was buoyed on heavy capital inflows owing to positive global cues.
Sectoral indices
Among BSE sectoral indices, FMCG index was the star-performer and was up 3.00 per cent, followed by banking 0.76 per cent, capital goods 0.4 per cent and metal 0.29 per cent.
On the other hand, India infrastructure, TECk, consumer durables and and IT sector stocks succumbed to selling pressure and were down 0.89 per cent, 0.62 per cent, 0.53 per cent and 0.48 per cent, respectively.
BSE gainers, losers
ITC (5.44%), SSLT (2.8%), Cipla (2.61%), ICICI Bank (0.9%) and HUL (0.84%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were Bharti Airtel (2.08%), Hindalco (1.63%), BHEL (1.56%), M&M (1.51%) and Tata Power (1.44%).
Opening trade
The 30-share index, which had retreated from record-high by falling 251.28 points in the past three sessions, recovered by 278.41 points, or 0.98 per cent, to 28,721.12 with all the sectoral indices, led by FMCG, realty, oil & gas and banking, trading in positive zone with gains up to 2.26 per cent.
Also, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty gathered 89.30 points, or 1.04 per cent, to 8,626.95, breaching its previous peak of 8,623 touched on December 1.
Brokers comment
A report by SMC Investments and Advisors said: “Asian stocks rose, as Japanese shares extended gains with the dollar near its strongest level since 2007 versus the yen. US stocks rallied into the close, with the Dow and S&P 500 ending the day at records amid encouraging economic reports on Wednesday. Growth in US service sector activity accelerated by much more than anticipated in the month of November, the Institute for Supply Management revealed in a report, with the index of activity in the sector rebounding after falling in the two previous months. The ISM said its non-manufacturing index jumped to 59.3 in November from 57.1 in October, with a reading above 50 indicating growth in the service sector. Economists had expected the index to show a more modest uptick to a reading of 57.5.”
Equity brokers said that the domestic sentiment bolstered on expectations that a Health Ministry proposal to ban the sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations against taking drastic regulatory steps.
Global markets
Bets that the European Central Bank chief, Mario Draghi, will open the door wider to US-style money printing pinned the euro at a two-year low and lifted world shares on Thursday , as China and Japan also geared up for more stimulus.
Asian stocks rose on Thursday amid fresh signs of resilience in the US economy, while the euro wallowed near two-year lows before a much-anticipated European Central Bank meeting that could open the door to more stimulus.
Tokyo’s Nikkei climbed 0.7 per cent, touching a new seven-year high, with sentiment buoyed by media projections suggesting a strong win for Japanese premier Shinzo Abe’s coalition at the December 14 election. A victory for Abe could lead to a new mandate for his “Abenomics’’ policies to revive the economy.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.4 per cent, while Australian shares were up 0.5 per cent.
The improved mood was helped by the Dow and S&P rising to record highs overnight after private payrolls and services sector data underscored the US economy’s resilience.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Fails to land Dy CM s post  but Uddhav Thackeray backtracks  joins BJP govtPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Ending its acrimonious split with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Uddhav Thackeray’s Shiv Sena will join the Maharashtra government tomorrow with 12 of its nominees, including five of cabinet rank, set to be inducted into the ministry.
The coming together of the two saffron parties, which split before the Assembly elections and fought against each other, was announced by Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis who held parleys with Shiv Sena leaders in the last few days.
“It is the desire of the people of Maharashtra that BJP and Shiv Sena should be part of the government,” he told reporters, addressing a joint press conference with senior Sena leaders.
The induction of BJP’s oldest saffron ally will give the government a clear majority of 184 in a House of 288. The BJP has 121 MLAs while the Shiv Sena 63. The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, had announced outside support to the state government, which was sworn in on October 31.
With Sena now set to join the government, Fadnavis can breathe easy during the winter session of legislature, beginning in Nagpur on December 8.
In an indication of BJP’s dominance, Fadnavis ruled out having a deputy chief minister in the ministry.
12 ministers from Sena, including five of cabinet rank will be inducted, the chief minister said. Around 8 to 10 BJP ministers will take oath tomorrow, he added.
The swearing in will take place at 4 PM at the Vidhan Bhawan premises.
Fadnavis said people voted against Congress and NCP. “People wanted BJP and Sena to form government in Maharashtra.”
“We could not take decisions on some issues. So BJP formed government. Workers of BJP and Sena wanted both the parties to be in government. Even legislators of both the parties wanted us to be in government together,” he said.
“I spoke to Uddhavji that the Sena should join the government and he responded positively. Union minister Dharmendra Pradhan held talks with him and later on all of us worked out the modalities,” he said.
“We will form a coordination committee and will jointly contest zilla parishad and Municipal polls. We are two different parties and we have our own views on various issues,” the chief minister said.
“We took a stance to be in the government together keeping in view the mandate people have given. We respect the mandate. We were together for 25 years and we will continue to be together in this government and even later,” Fadnavis said.
“For 25 years we have resolved issues through talks and we will do so even now,” he said, when asked about the contradictory views of the two parties on some issues.
“We will soon take a decision on including other alliance partners in the government,” Fadnavis said.
Senior Sena leader Subhash Desai, who was present along with Fadnavis, said “both the parties have decided to provide a strong government to Maharashtra.”
“Our effort will be to provide good governance. We are confident that we will respect the mandate given by people of Maharashtra,” Desai said.
The 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance had ended on September 25, just two days before deadline for filing papers for the October 15 Assembly polls ended, amid continued deadlock over seat-sharing.
“We have conveyed our decision to snap ties to Shiv Sena. The decision was taken with a heavy heart,” Fadnavis had then told reporters.
A miffed Sena sat in the opposition and its leader Eknath Shinde was given Leader of Opposition status.
But some in BJP were wary of NCP chief Sharad Pawar and were making attempts to rope in Sena.

Train-van collision: 5 children diedPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu termed as “unfortunate” the death of five children in a train-school van collision at an unmanned railway crossing in UP’s Mau district and announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakhs to the next of the kin of the deceased.
“A big accident has happened as a van carrying school kids collided with a train….it is unfortunate that the driver didn’t stop to see as is expected of him at an unmanned level crossing and this led to the tragedy,” the Minister told reporters outside Parliament before rushing to the accident site.
“Some children have died and some are injured,” the Minister said.
Railways announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakh for the next of kin of deceased, Rs 1 lakh for seriously injured and Rs 20,000 for those who sustained simple injuries in accident.
With the accident once again bringing into focus, the problem of unmanned level crossing, the Minister said the government was taking all steps to man them.
At present, there are 11,000 unmanned level crossings across the country, he said.

SAIL OFS: Only long-term investors should applySAIL OFS: Only long-term investors should apply
Vishal Chhabria |  Dec 04, 2014 09:35 PM IST
Steel Authority of India (SAIL)’s offer for sale (OFS) comes at a time when the demand and pricing environment for steel is subdued, both in India and globally. Plus, domestic supplies are expected to increase faster than demand over the next 12-18 months.
For instance, five million tonnes per annum (mtpa) of saleable steel capacity (including SAIL’s two mtpa) is expected to come up in FY16. “Given the six-seven per cent increase in industry’s capacities, demand has to grow by eight-nine per cent compared with about one per cent now to meet the increased supplies. So, pressure on local steel prices should remain,” says an analyst with a domestic brokerage. With global environment also subdued, it will be difficult for any company to surprise, unless the Indian government takes measures such as imposing anti-dumping duties, he adds.
SAIL posted better-than-expected results for the quarter ending September 2014 with earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation (Ebitda) up 54 per cent at Rs 1,336 crore (led by lower costs) and pre-tax profit up 86 per cent at Rs 751 crore compared with the year-ago period, on a one per cent rise in revenues to Rs 11,679 crore. Ebitda margins jumped 393 basis points (bps) year-on-year (149 bps sequentially) to 11.4 per cent, led by lower costs of iron ore and coal and employee expenses. And this trend is expected to sustain. Analysts expect SAIL’s Ebitda margins to rise 100 bps in FY16 and 150 bps in FY17.
Much of this is factored in the stock’s valuations, which is on the higher side with price-to-earnings of 10 times FY16 estimated earnings versus 6.5-8.5 times for its peers. On an enterprise value/Ebitda basis, too, it is quoting at nine time one-year forward earnings. These valuations are higher than Tata Steel’s 5.2 times and JSW Steel’s 4.8 times, according to a December 2 report by Emkay.
The stock has fallen five per cent following Wednesday’s OFS news. The stock is likely to remain under check till Friday, the only day SAIL’s OFS will open for subscription. While a five per cent discount to retail investors sounds good, according to Bloomberg poll (since November 24), half of the 26 analysts have a ‘sell’, eight a ‘hold’ and just five have a ‘buy’ rating on the stock with an average one-year target price of Rs 81.
Long-term investors could, however, consider it on declines or apply around the floor price of Rs 83 (excluding discount) given that SAIL has already completed most of its capex, which will take its saleable steel output from 12.5 mtpa to 19 mtpa in the next four-five years.

Chinas anti-graft drive targets Sinopec© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f0cc6d0a-7b82-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bids sought for Novo BancoNovo Banco in talks with Chinese brokerage to sell investment banking arm
Peter Wise in Lisbon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/687edcc6-7b91-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Arun Jaitley s  borders cannot be redrawn  remark far from reality  says HurriyatBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:29 pm
Moderate Hurriyat Conference on Thursday took exception to Union Minister Arun Jaitley’s assertion that Jammu and Kashmir is an integral part of India and borders cannot be redrawn , saying his remarks are “far” from reality of the “disputed” nature of the state.
The separatist outfit also claimed that there was no connection between the Kashmir “issue” and the ongoing polls in the state.
“The statement of Jaitley is far from reality and historic and political perspective of the disputed nature of the state. There is no relation between the issue of Kashmir and the so called elections,” Hurriyat said in a statement here.
The statement came a day after the Union Finance Minister said in Srinagar that Pakistan must understand that boundaries with India cannot be redrawn as the state was an integral part of this country.
Hurriyat said the elections are meant for addressing administrative issues.
The outfit also claimed that public agitations of 2008 and 2010 should serve as an eye-opener for those thinking that by taking part in the electoral exercise people have shunned their “legitimate struggle”.
It also asked people to observe a complete strike on December 8 against Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit.
Meanwhile, Jammu and Kashmir High Court Bar Association (JKHCBA) also reacted strongly to the statement of Jaitley and said the Union minister is unaware of the Kashmir issue.
“JKHCBA strongly denounces the statement of Jaitley. The Bar Association feels that Jaitley like other Indian leaders does not perhaps know as to what the Kashmir issue is all about,” the Bar said in a statement here.
The Bar while inviting the Union minister for a debate, said Jaitley must also know that Kashmir has a historical perspective and no statement can, therefore, be made by anyone, in defiance of that historical perspective.
“The Bar Association hopes that Jaitley will accept the invitation and agree to a debate with the Bar Association on Kashmir issue on any date convenient to him,” it said.

Putin defends Russia s foreign policy  says actions are necessary for the country s survivalBy: Associated Press | Moscow |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:17 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 8:56 pm
Russian President Vladimir Putin in his annual speech on Thursday defended the Kremlin’s aggressive foreign policy, saying the actions are necessary for his country’s survival.
Russia annexed Ukraine’s Crimean peninsula in March and was later accused of supplying pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine with ammunition and manpower.
Putin in his annual state-of-the-nation address at the Grand Kremlin Palace on Thursday defended the annexation of Crimea, describing the peninsula as Russia’s spiritual ground, “our Temple Mount,” and added that national pride and sovereignty are “a necessary condition for survival” of Russia.
“If for many European countries, sovereignty and national pride are forgotten concepts and a luxury, then for the Russian Federation a true sovereignty is an absolutely necessary condition of its existence,” he told a full room of Cabinet ministers, lawmakers and community leaders.
“I want to stress: either we will be sovereign, or we will dissolve in the world. And, of course, other nations must understand this as well.”
More than 4,300 people have been killed in eastern Ukraine in what the West and the Ukrainian government says is a conflict fueled by Russian money.
Putin once again expressed his displeasure over the toppling of Ukrainian Presidential Viktor Yanukovych but offered no insight into what Russia’s next actions in eastern Ukraine could be.
Although Russia is boosting its national defense budget Putin said it is not going to get involved in an expensive
arms race. He said unspecified “unusual solutions” are at the nation’s disposal.
“No one will succeed in defeating Russia militarily,” he said. “They would have been delighted to let us go the way of Yugoslavia and the dismemberment of the Russian peoples, with all the tragic consequences. But it did not happen. We did not allow it to happen.”
“The more we retreat and justify ourselves, the more brazen our opponents become and the more cynically and
aggressively they behave.”
The Russian president also announced measures to spur the flagging economy, saying that Russia’s resurgent “geopolitical role” should be matched by a thriving economy.
Russia is expected to enter recession next year, for the first time in six years.
Putin suggested a three-year freeze on impromptu inspections and tax checks for companies with a clean record, and said there should be no taxation of offshore money returning to Russia.
Putin praised the work of the Central Bank, which moved to free float the ruble this year, allowing it to hit a record
of almost 55 rubles to continued…

At 35  Clark more interested in finishing strong than eyeing next yearBy Liz Clarke December 4 Follow @lizclarketweet
Thirteen-year veteran safety Ryan Clark had one of his better games as a Redskin against the Colts, but he realizes the end could be near. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
With four games remaining and Washington mired at the bottom of the NFC East, at 3-9 , Ryan Clark isn’t worried about making a case for a spot on the roster next season. At 35, the veteran free safety said he assumes that his 13th season in the NFL will be his last, and he intends to finish strong.
“For me, there’s no next year,” Clark said this week. “I didn’t think it was going this long, so I’m definitely not thinking I’m going to play next year. So it’s about focusing on this game (Sunday against 5-7 St. Louis) and how we can go out and put a better product out on the field—for ourselves firstly, for the organization secondly and for the fans.”
Clark, who is on his second stint in Washington after having spent eight seasons in Pittsburgh, stopped short of announcing his retirement. Instead, he spoke about the end of his pro career as an inevitability—one that will be forced on him whenever none of the 32 NFL teams is willing to give him a contract.
“If nobody wants you to play, then the decision is easy,” Clark said, adding that it “would probably be the best thing to ever happen to me, because I don’t know if I’m smart enough to walk away by myself.”
Washington surrendered a season-high 49 points in Sunday’s loss at Indianapolis . Poor play by the short-handed, inexperienced defensive backfield was a major culprit.
Though Clark has gotten beat on more than one big play this season, he also has made several jarring, well executed tackles. Sunday against the Colts, he was third on the team with four tackles while intercepting Andrew Luck’s second pass of the game, recovering a fumble and defending a pass.
Clark also serves as an extension of defensive backs coach Raheem Morris on the field, making sure his teammates are lined up properly. And among Washington’s starting defensive backs at the outset of the 2014 season—cornerbacks DeAngelo Hall and David Amerson; safeties Brandon Meriweather and himself — Clark is the only one who hasn’t missed a game.
Assiduous with his diet, conditioning and game-day preparation, Clark said he jokes frequently with Morris about his career’s end.
“When you turn on the tape and 10 guys on defense are running past me to the ball, or 10 guys on defense are playing a lot harder than I am, then it’s time for me to let it go,” Clark said, recounting his frequent message to Morris.
Clark noted that he beat the odds by playing a single season in the NFL after being passed over in the 2002 NFL draft. To have played 13 seasons defied all expectations, including his own.
As for his post-football plans, Clark said he’d deal with it when the times comes. He has provided NFL commentary for ESPN in the past, and he serves on the board of the NFL Players Association.
More from The Post:

Brazilians brace for Scissorhands cutsBrazilians brace themselves for austerity measures
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab409970-7b12-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Best Buy sells rump of Chinese businessBest Buy sells rump of Chinese business
Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09423df8-7ba9-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Numis benefits from buoyant IPO marketNumis benefits from buoyant IPO market
Harriet Agnew, City Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12328bc0-7b9f-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Centre eyes VCs  set to start a Rs 10 000-cr electronics fundIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
The Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DEITY) is planning to set up a Rs 10,000 crore fund for innovation and development purposes in the sector, a top government official said.
“The department will set up a Rs 10,000-crore corpus to fund innovation in electronics and IT,” DEITY secretary R S Sharma said.
The department would rope in existing venture capitalists (VC) for selecting the start-ups where funds would be made available for starting innovation exercise, Sharma told reporters on the sidelines of Infocomm 2014 here today.
He said the department would pick stake in the VCs to a maximum limit of 20 per cent.
Sharma added that with the huge quantum of electronics products being imported into the country at present, there was a need to increase domestic production.
“Now the electronics import bill is USD 100 billion. This will go up to USD 400 billion by 2020,” he said at the event.
“This will become unsustainable as the electronics import bill would exceed that of oil,” he said.
The official said the government was actively trying to promote innovation as there was a need to acquire substantial Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) for the country’s developmental efforts.
TAGS: Department Of Electronics And Information Technology
More from economy

SAIL share sale floor price fixed at Rs 83; may fetch Rs 1 700 crDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Government’s five per cent stake in steel giant SAIL will be sold at a floor price of Rs 83 per share tomorrow, which can raise Rs 1,500-1,700 crore for the exchequer in the first disinvestment under the new regime.
“Government expects to garner Rs 1,500 crore to Rs 1,700 crore from SAIL disinvestment. Floor price will be Rs 83 and retail investors will get a discount of 5 per cent,” an official said after a meeting on SAIL disinvestment in the Finance Ministry.
The SAIL offering would be the first PSU share sale under the new government, which targets to raise Rs 43,425 crore through share sales in various state-owned firms during the ongoing fiscal.
Retail investors would get a discount of 5 per cent to the bid price in the SAIL offering.
The floor price of Rs 83/share indicates a 2.75 per cent discount to the closing price of SAIL scrip that ended 0.35 per cent down at Rs 85.35 on the BSE.
The sale of 5 per cent stake, or about 20.65 crore shares, of SAIL at the current market price would fetch the exchequer about Rs 1,700 crore.
As much as 10 per cent of the offered shares has been reserved for retail investors, who can buy shares worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 per cent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved a 10.82 per cent stake sale in SAIL. Accordingly, the first tranche of disinvestment of 5.82 per cent was completed in March 2013.
The government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare its holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
HSBC Securities, Deutsche Equities, J P Morgan India are among the six merchant bankers advising the SAIL stake sale.
While the new government assumed power in late May, there have been no PSU share sale so far in the current fiscal. During the previous 2013-14 fiscal, government has raised Rs 1,500 crore from sale of SAIL shares while the entire disinvestment proceeds stood at over Rs 16,000 crore.
TAGS: SAIL
More from indianmarkets

Ranbaxy says Europe bars imports from injectables unitSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
The European Union has banned imports from a Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd factory unit that makes injectable antibotics after the unit failed an inspection, the latest in a series of quality-related setbacks for the Indian drugmaker.
European authorities inspected all units at Ranbaxy’s Dewas plant, in central India, in June and did not approve the manufacturing practices at the unit that makes injectable cephalosporin antibiotics, Ranbaxy said in a stock market filing on Thursday.
All other units of the facility were approved, it said, adding the company had decided to stop producing cephalosporin injectables at Dewas before the inspection occurred.
“We wish to state that Ranbaxy’s decision to discontinue manufacture of cephalosporin injectables would not have a significant impact on the business,” Ranbaxy said.
All of Ranbaxy India-based factories, including Dewas, are already barred from exporting to the United States after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said its inspections found manufacturing quality lapses.
The latest EU ban on the Dewas plant was enforced after German regulators also found quality lapses during an inspection of the site.  The European Medicines Agency, in its statement dated Nov. 26, did not specify, however, if the ban was on the oral or injectable cephalosporin antibiotics units.
An EMA spokeswoman said the German regulator’s “non-compliance” report meant that “certain aseptically prepared sterile products” made at the Dewas unit could not be imported into the European Union.
Ranbaxy, which is in the process of being acquired by larger rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, has previously said it was working on resolving problems at its plants to get the regulatory bans lifted.
The company gets more than half of its revenue from the United States. Western Europe accounted for about 8 percent of its global sales in the 15-months period ended March 2014, according to company filings.
Shares in Ranbaxy were trading down 0.5 percent at 0825 GMT on Thursday, after having fallen as much as 1.3 percent earlier in the day. The main Mumbai market index was up 0.03 percent.
TAGS: Ranbaxy
More from companies
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest If an order book of R8,000 crore is anything to go by, the Tata Group’s defence business has gotten off to a flying start.

PM s Ambitious Disinvestment Programme Kicks Off TomorrowChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
The government's ambitious disinvestment programme, under which it aims to plug the budget deficit by raising about $9.5 billion or nearly Rs 59,000 crore through stake sales by March 2015, kicks off today.
The government has set the floor price for the sale of a 5 per cent stake in Steel Authority of India (SAIL) at Rs 83 per share, through which it hopes to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore ($275 million), an official said on Thursday.
The government will give a discount of 5 per cent to retail investors in the offering, a senior finance ministry official said, adding the government expected to raise between Rs 1500 crore and Rs 1700 crore from the sale. The official declined to be named.
Experts say signs suggest India will fall well short of its privatisation target this year, despite a big stock market rally that has attracted foreign investors.
The government has so far raised Rs 51.8 crore, less than one thousandth of its target from the sale of shares in companies in which the state has majority and minority stakes.
The budget assumes that sell-off proceeds will generate 5.6 per cent of total revenues.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious selloff agenda has met with some resistance from labour unions for the Cabinet's proposal to sell a 10 per cent stake in Coal India that could help raise nearly Rs 19,000 crore ($3 billion), about a third of the annual divestment target.
The Coal India offering would follow a 5 per cent stake sale in state-controlled Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), worth nearly Rs 17,500 crore or $2.8 billion and slated for December.
The government's also plans to raise Rs 15,000 crore by selling its minority stakes in Hindustan Zinc and BALCO face a legal challenge from trade unions that have gone to the Supreme Court.
($1 = Rs 61.8925)

Minimum Wage Protests to Hit Cities Across U.S.minimum wage protests to hit cities across u.s.
The joy of telecommuting from CrimeaBy Lika Nikanorova December 4
Lika Nikanorova works for a New York start-up from her home in Crimea. (Anton Nikanorov)
Lika Nikanorov is a 24-year-old software developer living in Crimea. This summer, Lika landed a competitive New York tech job through a new company called PowerToFly . PowerToFly’s innovative business model seeks to infuse the tech industry with more women through remote work. This is Lika’s story in her own words, as told to Marie Elizabeth Oliver and Julia Kits:
I live in Simferopol, the capital of Crimea. My husband and I moved here from Kiev after annexation to be closer to family and because the city’s infrastructure is more stable compared to some of the smaller towns nearby. Annexation was a total shock to me, and the situation is still very painful . Legally I’m now Russian, but in my heart I’m Ukrainian.
Every day we fear new bank sanctions and electricity outages, while the cost of living continues to increase. The main Ukrainian bank froze accounts and shutdown international transactions during the transition, so I can’t provide any financial help to my relatives in Ukraine. Even travel to the mainland is a struggle. I can’t visit Kiev because I’m afraid that border guards might take away my passport or kick me off the train. We’re paying more for food and rent. Clothing prices in Crimea have soared, and we no longer have access to clothes from Europe. Additionally, some important medication that was already scarce has became much more difficult to obtain.
These challenges haven’t prevented me from working as a front-end developer for the New York-based startup, Skillcrush , an interactive learning community that teaches women how to become developers. In fact, it’s made me even more appreciative of the kind of stability I’m able to provide for my family. At Skillcrush, I work comfortably from home—4,660 miles from my New York colleagues—using HipChat and GitHub to collaborate with the team. I’m living in a world where border wars still erupt, but technology allows me to feel like I’m in the same room with someone despite being thousands of miles away. I’m constantly amazed that I can have the opportunity to contribute to a U.S. company without uprooting my entire life.
Leslie Zaikis, left, Skillcrush head of sales & marketing and Adda Birnir, Skillcrush founder and chief executive at the Skillcrush offices in New York. (Mike Mullaney)
When I was working as a freelancer for companies in my country, I spent time every day searching for new projects. I could find work, but the pay was not good. That’s not stable for a woman with a child. Now, through PowerToFly, I have a salary that allows me to support my family and face the new financial challenges of living in Crimea.
I have a 5-year-old son named Vladik. He wants to be a superhero and loves transformers. Right now, he’s living with my mom about an hour away in a coastal region of Crimea called Partenit because she is sick and doesn’t want to be alone. This July, I was shocked when a CT scan showed my mother had a dangerous lung cancer. She needed chemo right away, but she couldn’t start until September, because we had to wait for a place in the chemo clinic. She can’t work now, so I help her with money and drive her to the clinic on weekends.
Without my son with her, I worry she would slip into depression because of her cancer. Because of him, she’s waking up each morning, going for a walk with him and cooking for him. Before we knew about her disease, we were going to send Vladik to kindergarten in Simferopol, but we hired a tutor who’s preparing him for kindergarten instead.
I’m constantly sick because of my weak nervous system. I loved living in Kiev, but the cold winter weather there gave me chronic bronchitis. Last year, I had a case of bronchitis that lasted almost two months! I’m much better now that we moved, and I’m trying to take better care of my health. It helps that I don’t have to worry as much about my sickness interfering with my income.
For me, working remotely makes all this manageable. Freedom is very important to me, which is why I was so appreciative to find my job at Skillcrush through PowerToFly. It improved my whole environment. I have free time when I need it. I can work and be with my child or my mother without needing a day off. If I’m sick, but feel well enough, I can work from bed without using any sick leave. PowerToFly even offered to provide daycare for my son, gave me a loan for a laptop and helped me with a vacation request when my mom got sick.
Despite ongoing challenges, my day-to-day life is pretty normal. Each morning, I wake up and kiss my husband and then call my son. At breakfast, I read a book to help me relax. After that, I check my e-mails. Every morning is like a new surprise, because before going to sleep I write an e-mail to my manager to see what she needs me to work on, and each morning I see an answer with new task.
I don’t know if I really have achieved work-life balance. Cleaning doesn’t always get done. I save time on cooking by using my microwave and pressure-cooker. I grocery shop at a store that’s a five-minute walk from my house. My husband works remotely also, so we are usually home all day working until late evening. After dinner, I read or watch a movie.
My long-term goal is to improve my skills in JavaScript, English and management so that one day I can relocate to Canada or the United States. Now that I know there’s a good chance my mother won’t live long, I’m not sure if I’ll have the opportunity to do that in the next five years. But over these past few months, I’ve learned in some sense everything’s possible if you just try and believe in yourself.
Marie Elizabeth Oliver is an editor at PowerToFly , working from New Orleans. She was formerly an editor at The Washington Post. Julia Kits is a global talent manager and developer for PowerToFly, based in Taganrog, Russia. (Disclosure: The Washington Post is a PowerToFly client.)

The best time for the venture capital industry weve ever seen.By Matt McFarland December 4 Follow @mattmcfarland
“The next 10 years is going to be perhaps the best time for the venture capital industry we’ve ever seen,” Peter Barris, left, told Brian Park. (Matt McFarland/The Washington Post)
Peter Barris, a venture capitalist at NEA, took the stage Wednesday night at a Startup Grind event at 1776 in Washington, D.C. Barris, who is perhaps most notable as an early investor in Groupon, opened up to host Brian Park about why, even if some start-up valuations are high, it’s a tremendous time for venture capital:
It’s a great time to start a company. Why?  Plenty of capital. So there’s no shortage of capital. There’s more interest in entrepreneurship now than I’ve ever ever seen in my 22 years in this business and across the board. So there’s more innovation going on now. I’m giving it the 500,000-foot view. It’s going into a macro environment where R&D in academia, in government funded places like NIH and corporate America has been slashed. Corporate America in particular has been more reliant on innovation coming from small companies than ever, starkly more reliant than ever before.
We hosted at NEA 70 company days last year where a company would come to us and we would parade portfolio companies by them. Seventy. They’re coming to us, they want to see our portfolio so they’re shopping and we’re the mall. I’ve never seen that before. That dynamic suggests to me interest in entrepreneurship, plenty of capital. Today’s stock market doesn’t matter because we’re investing for where the stock market is five to seven years from now not where it is today. This is a great time, a very robust time. I think the next 10 years is going to be perhaps the best time for the venture capital industry we’ve ever seen.
Barris discussed whether we’re in a bubble right now:
There’s never been a good period of venture capital when prices weren’t high. The cliche phrase in our industry when things are frothy is too much capital chasing too few deals which drives valuations up into the stratosphere and that’s unhealthy.
Yeah there’s some element of that today, we’ll come back to it, but more problematic when you have a lot of capital as we did back in the late 90s, you get in any one sector you might get 20 companies funded. And when you get 20 companies funded often times the weight of that means that none of them will emerge as big winners.
And so in today’s environment although I would say in many sectors not all the valuation on any historical perspective are high, what’s good about today’s environment relative to the dot-com era is we’ve done a huge ratchet down in a the number of a firms. A huge ratchet down in the amount of capital coming into our industry and the concentration frankly of more capital in fewer firms, we’ve been a beneficiary of that but I also think the industry has been a beneficiary of that because what it’s led to is more rational behavior.
So you don’t see as often, rarely today 20 me-too companies being funded. You might see three or four or five or six but out of that if one or two win that’s okay and that is what venture capital is about. There are going to be a lot of failures.
Barris was also asked about sectors that are overvalued and undervalued:
Anything consumer Internet related and now unfortunately anything enterprise software related is at frothy valuations. It’s only in the more esoteric areas of I’ll call it semiconductors, deep technology, hardware, or in some cases tech-enabled business models, where you’re using technology but the technology isn’t really where the value is, it’s how you’re using that technology.
So it may be companies like we funded several from Chicago, InnerWorkings and Echo Global that were disintermediating industries like the print industry or the logistics industry and making pricing between buyers and sellers a more efficient market if you will. Those tend not to be overvalued today.
Health care is generally undervalued. Biotech’s got some frothiness but it’s spotty. Education is undervalued. Transportation is undervalued.
And he’s not a big fan of Nest:
I’m blown away by the valuation that Nest got. … What is it? What does it do really? By the way I’m renovating a second home. I couldn’t use Nest because it doesn’t operate with high-end HVAC systems. I thought this was bleeding edge technology?
Matt McFarland is the editor of Innovations. He's always looking for the next big thing. You can find him on Twitter and Facebook .

Wrigley plan has fewer signs after National Park Service voices concern11
Specifically, the agency was concerned that the two video screens and five signs would take the focus away from the historic centerfield scoreboard and recommended the team reduce the number of signs, said Park Service spokeswoman Kathy Kupper.
In addition to removing a script sign in left field, the Cubs made several other concessions to receive the Park Service's approval of the signage, according to an agreement the agency provided the Tribune on Wednesday.
The proposed right-field video screen will shrink to 2,200 square feet from 2,400 square feet. It will also be moved closer to the foul line where the bleachers are not as tall. The new location allows the video screen to be set lower. A script sign that the Cubs planned to put in the same location will be moved closer to the centerfield scoreboard.
The Park Service also had concerns about the number of video screens in the ballpark. In light of the second video board in the outfield, the agency asked the Cubs to modify the LED video ribbon board planned for the fascia of the upper deck grandstand.
The agreement appears unclear on the future of those ribbon boards. Kupper said the Cubs would eliminate them entirely and replace them with billboards. However, Green said the Cubs have agreed only to reduce the length of ribbon board with the exact length to be determined.
If the Cubs eliminate one or more of the proposed outfield signs, the agency will reconsider the team's request for the ribbon boards, Kupper said.
In seeking the tax incentives, the Cubs are required to gain approval of the entire project from the Park Service, which determines whether the renovation of historic properties meets the Department of Interior's standards and is thus eligible for tax credits.
The federal government has promoted the tax breaks as a way to preserve historic commercial properties and encourage their contemporary use. The tax breaks are credited with saving Fenway Park in Boston, the oldest baseball stadium in the major leagues.
Once the Park Service determines that a project is eligible for credits, preservationists said, it typically takes an ongoing regulatory role, lending an additional layer of evaluation to the redevelopment of historic properties.
The Park Service reviewed about 40 amendments for the Fenway Park proposal, Kupper said.
"This is very standard, does not raise my eyebrows whatsoever," said McDonald, of Landmarks Illinois.
A key difference between the federal and local review processes is that Park Service officials may be less subject to political pressure than members of a local landmarks commission appointed by the mayor.
McDonald added: "I think (Park Service officials) have a different mentality in mind. They recognize that they are guardians for the taxpayers funding the preservation program in our nation."
Tribune reporter Blair Kamin contributed.

NASA counts down to Orions 1st step to MarsNASA counts down to Orion’s 1st step to Mars
PTI
NASA The final polls have been conducted and all the launch and flight teams report the spacecraft and rocket are go for liftoff at 7:17 a.m. EST.
NASA Orion spacecraft
Cape Canaveral (US), Dec 4:  
The Orion spacecraft, designed to carry humans farther in deep space than ever before, is poised to blast off today in what NASA hailed as a first step in mankind’s journey to Mars.
No astronauts will be on board the capsule when it launches aboard the United States’ largest rocket, the Delta IV Heavy made by United Launch Alliance, but engineers will be keenly watching to see how it performs during the four-and-a-half hour flight.
The launch marks the first of a US spacecraft meant to carry people into deep space since the Apollo missions that brought men to the Moon in the 1960s and 1970s.
With no American vehicle to send humans to space since the space shuttle was retired in 2011, some at NASA said the Orion launch has re-energised the US space program, long constrained by government belt-tightening and forced to rely on costly rides aboard Russian Soyuz spacecraft to reach the International Space Station in low-Earth orbit.
“We haven’t had this feeling in awhile, since the end of the shuttle program, (of) launching an American spacecraft from America’s soil and beginning something new,” said Mike Sarafin, lead flight director at NASA’s Johnson Space Center in Houston.
Tourists and space enthusiasts lined the area known as Florida’s Space Coast to see the powerful rocket blast off at sunrise, and 27,000 guests were at Kennedy Space Centre for a close up look at the rocket, NASA spokesman Mike Curie said.
Potential future missions for Orion, which is designed to fit four people at a time, include a trip to lasso an asteroid and a journey to Mars by the 2030s.
“Thursday is the beginning of that journey, testing key systems — the riskiest systems I would say for Orion — before we have any people on board,” said Mark Geyer, program manager for Orion.
The launch at 7:05 am (1735 IST) from Cape Canaveral, Florida, aims to propel 739,000 kilograms of spacecraft, rocket and fuel straight to space, where the capsule will make two laps around the Earth before splashing down in the Pacific Ocean.
The first orbit will be about as high as the International Space Station, which circles at an altitude of about 430 kilometers, but the second will soar 15 times higher, to an apogee of 5,800 kilometers above the Earth.
The chief contractor of the Orion capsule is Lockheed Martin. The spacecraft was first designed to take humans to the Moon as part of NASA’s Constellation program, which was cancelled by President Barack Obama in 2010, in favour or seeking new destinations in deep space.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Ashiana Housing forays into Chennai marketHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ashiana Housing forays into Chennai market
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
Ashiana Housing will mark its entry into the Chennai’s realty space by launching residential projects, one of them targeted at senior citizens.
The company has entered into a joint development agreement with Escapade Real Estate to develop a senior citizen living and group housing projects in Tamil Nadu capital.
“Ashiana Housing has signed a development agreement, on revenue-sharing basis, with Escapade Real Estate, a Group company of Arihant Foundations and Housing, for developing senior living as well as regular group housing projects,” the company said today in a statement here.
“Chennai is an emerging destination for senior living homes in southern part of India and we are excited to enter this market,” Ashiana Managing Director Vishal Gupta said.
The New Delhi-based realty firm currently has four retirement housing projects in its portfolio — one each in Jaipur and Lavasa in Pune and two in Bhiwadi in NCR.
The BSE-listed company has so far delivered over 118 lakh sq ft of property and has more than 97.3 lakh sq ft under development.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Russia allows import of buffalo meat from IndiaRussia allows import of buffalo meat from India
PTI
Tweet
Moscow, Dec 4:  
Russia today allowed import of buffalo meat from India with immediate effect, days ahead of President Vladimir Putin’s visit to the country.
“Russia’s veterinary and phytosanitary service Rosselkhoznadzor together with Kazakhstan’s Agriculture Ministry has included Indian buffalo meat producers to the register of organisations and individuals involved in the production, processing and storage of goods transported to the territory of the Customs Union (of Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan),” the Russian veterinary regulator said.
Rosselkhoznadzor spokeswoman, Yulia Trofimova stressed that Indian enterprises were allowed to supply buffalo meat to Russia starting from December 4. It was up to Russian companies now to coordinate deliveries from supplier, the official Itar—Tass news agency reported.
Russian authorities had said earlier there were also plans to certify other Indian agricultural producers to supply poultry, powdered eggs and dairy products.
Meat and dairy imports from India are believed to be realistic for Russia, which has introduced a set of agricultural sanctions against the West.
The ban announced in August bars imports of meat, fish, dairy, fruit and vegetables from the United States, the 28-nation European Union, Canada, Australia and Norway for one year in retaliation for sanctions imposed by those nations on Russia over its continued support of separatists in Ukraine.
The Russian veterinary regulator will send its inspector to India to exert permanent control over consignments of buffalo meat destined for the regional Customs Union.
Russia is opening its markets for Indian buffalo meat after a long gap, official sources in New Delhi said.
India’s livestock population includes, 88 million buffaloes, which is 58 per cent of the world’s buffalo population.
The country has exported 14.49 lakh tonnes of buffalo meat products worth of Rs 26,457.79 crores in 2013-14.
Four Indian companies in total have been certified to supply buffalo meat to Russia, offering prospective additional volumes to replace other nations’ imports blocked in response to the West’s Ukraine—related sanctions.
India is the largest buffalo meat exporting country, according to Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority (APEDA).
Russian President Putin will visit India next week to strengthen bilateral strategic ties.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Hurriyat says Arun Jaitley wrong over Kashmir  redrawing of borderPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Moderate Hurriyat Conference today took exception to Union Minister Arun Jaitley’s assertion that Jammu and Kashmir is an integral part of India and borders cannot be redrawn, saying his remarks are “far” from reality of the “disputed” nature of the state.
The separatist outfit also claimed that there was no connection between the Kashmir “issue” and the ongoing polls in the state.
“The statement of Jaitley is far from reality and historic and political perspective of the disputed nature of the state. There is no relation between the issue of Kashmir and the so called elections,” Hurriyat said in a statement here.
The statement came a day after the Union Finance Minister said in Srinagar that Pakistan must understand that boundaries with India cannot be redrawn as the state was an integral part of this country.
Hurriyat said the elections are meant for addressing administrative issues.
The outfit also claimed that public agitations of 2008 and 2010 should serve as an eye-opener for those thinking that by taking part in the electoral exercise people have shunned their “legitimate struggle”.
It also asked people to observe a complete strike on December 8 against Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit.
Meanwhile, Jammu and Kashmir High Court Bar Association (JKHCBA) also reacted strongly to the statement of Jaitley and said the Union minister is unaware of the Kashmir issue.
“JKHCBA strongly denounces the statement of Jaitley. The Bar Association feels that Jaitley like other Indian leaders does not perhaps know as to what the Kashmir issue is all about,” the Bar said in a statement here.
The Bar while inviting the Union minister for a debate, said Jaitley must also know that Kashmir has a historical perspective and no statement can, therefore, be made by anyone, in defiance of that historical perspective.
“The Bar Association hopes that Jaitley will accept the invitation and agree to a debate with the Bar Association on Kashmir issue on any date convenient to him,” it said.

Sadhvi s remarks  strongly disapproved  by ModiPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Breaking his silence, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today “strongly disapproved” of Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s controversial remarks, saying such language should be avoided.
With Opposition stalling proceedings in Rajya Sabha for past three days demanding sacking of the minister, Modi appealed to members to allow the House to function in national interest as she has already apologised.
“I was informed about the statement which caused the controversy on the day BJP Parliamentary Party was to meet. In the meeting I strongly disapproved of the remarks and I said we should avoid using such language,” he said.
In election heat, he said, leaders should avoid using such language.
Modi said after the minister’s apology the matter should rest and the House resume in normal functioning.
The Prime Minister said Jyoti is a first time minister and a new member of Parliament and the House should show magnanimity by accepting her apology considering this.
“When the Minister has apologised, I appeal and request the House (to resume normal business)… In national interest, we must carry forward work (of the House),” he said, adding members should maintain decorum.
Modi said he shared the view that after the minister’s apology, the matter should be considered closed.
Modi came to the House when it reassembled after a 15-minute adjournment forced by the opposition members demanding resignation of the minister.
As soon as the House met for the day, the entire opposition was on its feet to press for the demand.
As Deputy Chairman P J Kurien asked ministers to lay the listed papers, slogan shouting Congress members trooped into the Well.
The slogan shouting continued even after he took up Zero Hour mentions.
With members unrelenting, he adjourned the House for 15 minutes.
When the House reassembled, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said the Prime Minister wants to make a statement and he be allowed to do so.
After Modi’s statement, Anand Sharma (Cong) said the Prime Minister should take strong action against the minister as the Constitution does not permit such utterances.
Finance Minister and Leader of House Arun Jaitley said the Opposition had been demanding that the Prime Minister come to the House and make a statement. Now that Modi has made the statement, the House should get on to its business, he said.
Sitaram Yechuri (CPI-M) said the minister had not apologised and had merely expressed regret.
“Assuming that she has apologised… you apologise only when you have done some wrong,” he said, demanding action against the minister.
As opposition members refused to resume their seats and treasury benches objected to the repeated disruptions even after Prime Minister’s statement, Kurien said members were yesterday complaining that their Zero Hour concerns could not be taken up due to disruptions.
“You are losing Zero Hour. Don’t blame me,” he said.
Kurien said the issue has been under discussion for three days and no further discussion can be allowed. “You cannot have discussion on the same subject every day,” he said.
When Tiruchi Siva (DMK) asked as to why the Chair was depriving opportunity to one side to speak, Kurien shot back saying, “Don’t cast aspersions on the Chair… You are depriving right of 15 members (who gave Zero Hour notice).”
Kurien said he has allowed Sharad Yadav (JD-U) to speak as he is a senior member and after his statement Zero Hour will be taken up.
Yadav (JD-U) said this is not the first time that such a statement has been made and there have been several such statements to vitiate communal atmosphere.
As pandemonium continued, Kurien adjourned the House till noon.

FIIs  net investment in equities set to cross Rs 1 lakh cr in 2014FIIs' net investment in equities set to cross Rs 1 lakh cr in 2014
Deepak Korgaonkar & Puneet Wadhwa | Mumbai / New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 10:50 PM IST
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have kept faith in the India story this calendar year (2014). Their net investment in the Indian equity market is set to exceed Rs 1 lakh crore for a third straight year.
FIIs, along with foreign portfolio investors (FPI), have made a net investment of Rs 99,413 crore ($16.47 billion) in Indian stocks till Thursday, according to data with the Central Depository Services (India).
They put in an (net) additional Rs 474 crore on Thursday, from provisional data released by the stock exchanges.
The current calendar year will be fourth in the past two decades when foreign investors invested more than Rs 1 lakh crore in a year. Cumulatively, the foreign investors have made net inflows of Rs 7,85,297 crore ($162.57 billion) in the Indian equity market since 1992.
FIIs had in 2010 made a record net investment of Rs 1,33,267 crore ($29.4 billion). In 2012, they made a net investment of Rs 1,28,361 crore ($24.37 billion) and of Rs 1,13,136 crore ($20.10 billion) in 2013.
Total net investment by FIIs (debt and equity segments) into India so far this year have touched $41.79 billion. Their cumulative total flows into the country have reached $212.79 billion, data show.
Outlook
Analysts believe the global interest rate scenario will be key for future flows into India, as well as for domestic growth indicators.
Ridham Desai, managing director, strategist and head of India equity research at Morgan Stanley, says an increase in US interest rates could derail flows and cause growth problems for India, especially when the country’s macroeconomy is still recuperating. The flip side is that domestic liquidity has been steadily improving due to macro rebalancing at home, he says.
A pick-up in growth, however, can see an increase in the pace and quantum of flows into India, say analysts.
“In our base case, we expect reforms to revitalise real investment growth to 10 per cent a year and pushing potential output growth to 6.5 per cent annually in the next five years. If reforms are fast-tracked, real investment growth could hit 15 per cent a year, in our view, thereby lifting potential growth to above eight per cent,” explains Sonal Varma, India economist at Nomura.
“As growth recovers, equity inflows rise: Portfolio equity inflows pick up quickly, while FDI (foreign direct investment) follows with a lag. Additionally, debt flows - external commercial borrowing and short-term trade credit - are also positively correlated with growth,” she adds.

OECD sees gradual world recovery  urges ECB to do moreHome »   Politics
OECD sees gradual world recovery, urges ECB to do more
The US and Britain will grow more strongly then the euro zone and Japan, and India, Indonesia and South Africa are set to recover steadily
India remains a laggard in innovation, China overtakes US
There will be marked divergences among countries both in terms of growth and monetary policy, leading to volatility in debt and foreign exchange markets, OECD said. Photo: Bloomberg
Paris: The global economy will gradually improve over the next two years but Japan will grow less than previously expected while the euro zone struggles with stagnation and an increased deflation risk, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Tuesday.
There will be marked divergences among countries both in terms of growth and monetary policy, leading to volatility in debt and foreign exchange markets, OECD said.
The US and Britain will grow more strongly then the euro zone and Japan and, among emerging countries, India, Indonesia and South Africa are set to recover steadily. Russia’s economy is set to stagnate next year and China’s will soften, the think-tank said in its bi-annual economic outlook.
Overall, the global economy is set to grow by 3.3% this year, 3.7% in 2015 and 3.9% in 2016, OECD said, confirming forecasts published before the G-20’s summit earlier this month.
While most estimates remained unchanged, Japan’s forecast was more than halved for 2014 and cut to 0.8% for next year after it unexpectedly fell into recession in the third quarter. But OECD still expects Japan to recover as corporate profits remain high and a weak yen will help exports.
A bigger worry for the Paris-based think-tank is the euro area, which it said “may have fallen into a persistent stagnation trap”.
“The euro area is at risk of deflation if growth stagnates or if inflation expectations fall further,” it said.
Its inflation forecasts of 0.6% for the euro area next year and 1.0% for 2016 are slightly more pessimistic than the European Union’s (EU) own forecasts and far from the European Central Bank’s (ECB) target of just below 2%.
Monetary stimulus
OECD therefore reiterated its call for the ECB to embark on quantitative easing in the euro zone.
“Further monetary stimulus could involve more purchases of asset-backed securities and covered bonds, and also purchases of government bonds, possibly via a weighted basket of euro area countries, and investment-grade corporate bonds,” it said.
OECD said that below-target budget plans put forward by France and Italy, which are expecting the EU’s verdict on their policies by the end of the week, are “appropriate” to help boost growth.
In the US growth is projected to gain more momentum and remain above trend, the OECD said, reaching 3.1% next year.
Britain’s economic growth looks set to slow slightly to 2.7% next year, OECD said—above the long-run average but just below the 2.9% forecast by the Bank of England (BoE) earlier this month. Continued weak productivity remained a major risk.
BoE should start to raise interest rates in the middle of 2015 to stop inflation picking up too much, OECD added, a few months earlier than implied by the BoE’s recent economic outlook.
Growth in China is projected to soften a bit, OECD said. “Stimulus measures taken this year continue to support output growth, but property market activity remains weak,” it added.
The think-tank has calculated that a gradual 10% depreciation of the euro and the yen against the dollar over the next two years could potentially raise growth in the euro area and Japan by around 0.2 percentage point next year and twice as much the following year.
While geopolitical tensions over Ukraine and the Middle East have grown, this has had little impact on commodities markets so far but the risk remains, OECD said.

Mario Draghi says ECB measures may entail buying government bondsHome »   Politics
Mario Draghi says ECB measures may entail buying government bonds
ECB president’s comments come weeks before its critical December meeting, when it will publish new forecasts for the European economy and inflation
India remains a laggard in innovation, China overtakes US
ECB president Mario Draghi began his comments in the European parliament by presenting lawmakers with a list of policy resolutions for them to pursue in 2015 as he insisted his institution alone can’t fix the economy. Photo: Bloomberg
London: European Central Bank (ECB) president Mario Draghi explicitly cited government-bond buying as a policy tool officials could use to stimulate the economy if the outlook worsens.
“Other unconventional measures might entail the purchase of a variety of assets, one of which is sovereign bonds,” Draghi said in Brussels on Monday during quarterly testimony to lawmakers at the European Parliament.
In opening remarks both on Monday and after the ECB’s monthly policy decision, Draghi stopped short of mentioning government bonds when he said that officials had been tasked with the preparation of further stimulus measures. His comments on Monday come weeks before the institution’s critical December meeting, when it will publish new forecasts that are likely to incorporate a lower outlook for the economy and inflation.
Draghi will succeed in boosting the ECB’s balance sheet back toward €3 trillion (over Rs.230 trillion), though he’ll have to override some policymakers’ qualms on quantitative easing to do so, according to a majority of economists in Bloomberg’s monthly survey published on Monday.
Until now, the ECB has restricted purchases of assets to covered bonds, though asset-backed securities are now on its shopping list too. Data released on Monday showed that officials accelerated covered-bond buying last week, with the total settled rising by more than €3 billion—up from €2.629 billion the week before.
2015 resolutions
As Draghi spoke, Italian and Spanish bonds rose. The yield on Italian 10-year debt fell 4 basis points, or 0.04 percentage point, to 2.31% and the yield on similar-dated Spanish bonds fell 2 basis points to 2.10%.
The ECB president began his comments in the parliament by presenting European lawmakers with a list of policy resolutions for them to pursue in 2015 as he insisted his institution alone can’t fix the economy.
“2015 needs to be the year when all actors in the euro area, governments and European institutions alike, will deploy a consistent common strategy to bring our economies back on track,” Draghi said in Brussels on Monday. “Monetary policy alone will not be able to achieve this.”
“Monetary policy has done a lot,” Draghi said. “It can do more if structural reforms are implemented. It can’t do everything.”
Fiscal tension
While there have also been calls on governments to spend more where possible to help the recovery, that’s at odds with a pledge by Chancellor Angela Merkel to balance Germany’s budget.
“Countries which have some fiscal leeway should think how to use it in the best interest of their own economies and the euro area,” ECB Executive Board member Peter Praet said in an interview published in the Nikkei newspaper.
US treasury secretary Jacob J. Lew urged Germany last week to spend more to spur the euro-area economy, saying Europe’s “status-quo policies” don’t support the Group of 20’s (G-20’s) growth agenda. Germany and the Netherlands should “pursue more fiscal policies to boost demand,” he said in Seattle.
In the European Parliament, Draghi said there is an “urgent need to agree on concrete short-term commitments for structural reforms in the member states” and on the “aggregate fiscal stance for the euro area.” Bloomberg
Mark Deen in Paris, Alessandro Speciale and Jeff Black in Frankfurt, Ian Wishart and Rebecca Christie in Brussels and Alastair Marsh in London contributed to this story.

White House  Democrats teaming up on Immigration Strike TeamBy Ed O'Keefe December 4 Follow @edatpost
Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.), center, stands with Sens. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) and Richard J. Durbin (D-Ill.) in the U.S. Capitol on Sept. 27, 2013. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
The White House and congressional Democrats are teaming up to form an "Immigration Strike Team" to serve as a better-organized rapid response force to counter whatever Republicans do or say about immigration reform in the coming months.
The goal, according to several congressional aides familiar with the plans, is to ensure that lawmakers and administration officials are more closely coordinating talking points and media appearances and using all outlets at their disposal to highlight incendiary comments or controversial legislation introduced by Republicans.
The move comes as the GOP scrambles to avoid another government shutdown while also finding a way to respond to President Obama's decision to change the nation's immigration policy through executive action. Some Republicans have proposed stripping Obama's executive authority; withholding funds for federal agencies that enforce immigration laws; or  ending the president's temporary protection for thousands of children of illegal immigrants.
The new strike team project will be bilingual, ensuring that Democrats continue to use their connections to Spanish-media outlets like Univision, Telemundo and popular radio stations in several states to spread their message, said several aides who were familiar with the plans but weren't authorized to speak publicly about them.
The White House and senior Democrats have closely coordinated over the past two years of the immigration debate, but the new plan is bringing in some junior members. It comes as many congressional Democrats blame Obama for the party's large midterm election losses . In response, the White House has stepped out its outreach to members through phone calls, in-person meetings -- even doling out seats on Air Force One as chits to build good will.
On Wednesday, aides for several House Democrats were invited via e-mail to join what aides to Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) called an "Immigration Strike Team." The message was sent to dozens of spokespeople for several prominent members of the caucus, including members close to Pelosi like Rep. Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.); the heads of the Congressional Asian, Black and Hispanic caucuses; a handful of moderate, business-focused "New Democrats;" and some with a large following on social media or on Spanish-language television, including Reps. Luis Gutierrez (D-Ill.) and Beto O'Rourke (D-Tex.). The e-mail address of at least one White House spokeswoman was copied to the message.
There's no guarantee that everyone invited to join will consent to do so, aides said.
In the Senate, Democratic members of the "Gang of Eight" that wrote the bipartisan immigration bill passed last year will be part of the team, according to aides, along with Democrats from states with large Hispanic populations. That group includes Sens. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), Robert Menendez (D-N.J.), Michael Bennet (D-Colo.) and Richard J. Durbin (D-Ill.), plus Sens. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.), Tim Kaine (D-Va.) and Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.).
Ultimately, the "strike team" hopes to better amplify instances like Durbin and Feinstein's appearances on Sunday morning television talk shows and social media -- or Kaine, who is bilingual, posts of support in English and Spanish .
The first formal strike team conference call took place Wednesday afternoon. "It was very much a 'this is a new group, we'll work together in the coming weeks'" kind of call, said one aide. Such calls will continue for the foreseeable future. Up first: The group plans to build interest and attention for a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing scheduled for next week that will explore what Democrats believe are the benefits of Obama's decision to take executive action.
Ed O’Keefe is a congressional reporter with The Washington Post and covered the 2008 and 2012 presidential and congressional elections.

Garners death not an argument against body camsBy Max Ehrenfreund December 4 Follow @MaxEhrenfreund
Some emotions are better conveyed in images than in words. (AP/Seth Wenig)
This post has been corrected to accurately describe the beating of Rodney King by police officers in 1991. He was not killed in the beating.
If the purpose of President Obama's request for $75 million to help local police departments buy body cameras is to make it easier to prosecute officers who use excessive force against civilians, then the grand jury's decision not to indict an officer in the death of Eric Garner on Wednesday suggests that the proposal might not achieve that goal.
Video recorded on Staten Island in July shows Officer Daniel Pantaleo executing an apparent chokehold on Garner. Pantaleo told the grand jury that he did not intend to harm Garner.
Ever since a jury acquitted the policemen who beat Rodney King in 1991 in spite of footage of the beating, it's been clear that even video evidence isn't necessarily proof beyond a reasonable doubt in a criminal proceeding against an officer. They can't always show what officers are thinking and feeling, the Supreme Court has ruled that juries must generally respect police officers' judgment  about when force is necessary to protect themselves and the public. Body cameras wouldn't change that.
That said, if the goal is not simply to prosecute officers, but to help them do their job better and to improve their relationships with civilians, then cameras just might help.
The preliminary evidence is promising, if still incomplete. One study in Rialto, Calif. found that officers who did not wear body cameras were twice as likely to use force as those who were. Initial results from another study in Mesa, Ariz., suggest that 65 percent fewer complaints were filed against officers who wore cameras.
There are still real questions about how body cameras should be used and what to do with all of the data they generate. The hardware won't remove the decades of mistrust that have accumulated between the police and the people they're sworn to protect. Also, the cameras are unaffordable for many local police departments.
Yet $75 million is a rounding error in the federal budget. If police chiefs are interested in purchasing cameras, it would be the least Congress could do to chip in.
Correction: An earlier version of this newsletter incorrectly stated that Rodney King died of a police beating. King's injuries in the 1991 incident were not fatal, and he died in 2012. This version has been corrected.
Welcome to Wonkbook. To subscribe by e-mail, click  here . Send comments, criticism or ideas to Wonkbook at Washpost dot com. Follow Wonkblog on  Twitter  and  Facebook .
What's in Wonkbook: 1) No charges in Garner's death 2) Opinions: Free trade, measles, water, the torture report, U.VA. 3) G.O.P. immigration suit 4) Takata recall standoff 5) Prescription painkillers, and more
Number of the day: $2.9 trillion. That's how much Americans spent on health care in 2013 -- almost the same amount as the previous year. Spending increased by only 3.6 percent, the smallest increase since 1960. The question is whether that leveling off is due to the weak economy or more efficient treatment. Jason Millman in  The Washington Post .
Chart of the day:
The New York Police Department began instructing its officers never to use chokeholds in 1993. Still, officers use chokeholds hundreds of times every year -- and that's only counting the incidents in which the department received a formal complaint. Roberto Ferdman in  The Washington Post .
1. 'I can't breathe': No charges in New York police case
Pantaleo will not be indicted. He was one of a group of officers arresting Garner for selling loose cigarettes on the sidewalk. He was suspended during the grand jury proceeding, and it is not clear if he will be reinstated. J. David Goodman and Al Baker in  The New York Times .
The officer told the grand jury he did not realize Garner was in danger. Pantaleo narrated the videos in front of the grand jury, explaining his thoughts and actions. He said that when he heard Garner saying, "I can't breathe," he tried to let go, but couldn't do so fast enough. Goodman and Michael Wilson in The New York Times .
Protesters in New York voiced their frustration peacefully. "Daniel Skelton, 40, ripped cigarettes from a pack of Newports, flung them to the ground and stomped on them. 'Black lives,' he shouted." Vivian Yee in The New York Times .
The Department of Justice is opening a civil-rights probe. Legal experts suggested that because of the video evidence, the case could be easier for federal prosecutors than either the Michael Brown or the Trayvon Martin cases, neither of which are expected to result in federal charges. Timothy M. Phelps in the Los Angeles Times .
Meanwhile, violent crime in New York is becoming rare. City officials announced another decline in crime statistics on Wednesday. Only 290 people have been killed in New York so far this year, which would have been unthinkable twenty years ago. The decline in crime has continued as the police department has moved away from marijuana arrests and stop and frisks. The city is also beginning a pilot program to equip some officers with body cameras. Goodman in The New York Times .
BLOW: Michael Brown's and Eric Garner's death were not isolated cases. This society has denied people of color the opportunities of whites for generations. There were plenty of factors other than Garner's skin that led to his death, but focusing on any one of them in particular ignores the largest and most important.  The New York Times .
SIEGEL: The police made no effort to help Garner. As he lay dying on the sidewalk, they ignored his distress, eventually manhandling him onto a gurney. His life might have been saved in those few minutes.  New York Daily News .
The killing shows the police department still needs to change.  Pantaleo "used forbidden tactics to brutalize a citizen who was not acting belligerently, posed no risk of flight, brandished no weapon and was heavily outnumbered. Any police department that tolerates such conduct, and whose officers are unable or unwilling to defuse such confrontations without killing people, needs to be reformed." The New York Times.
2. Top opinions
Free trade forces governments to pay corporations billions in damages. International agreements allow businesses to sue the countries where they operate for protecting the public interest, if the policies mean losses for investors. Manuel Pérez-Rocha in The New York Times .
Is it worth it for the United States to protect free trade? The cost of a global economy is the military force the United States must exert to protect shipping lanes. With the boom in shale gas, that bargain might no longer make sense: the United States can produce everything it needs domestically. Liam Denning reviews Peter Zeihan's The Accidental Superpower in The Wall Street Journal .
The cheapest way to save water is often to protect forests. Metropolises around the world pay to build maintain the infrastructure that delivers water to their residents. As the population grows, a cheaper way to increase the supply of water will be to shield rivers and lakes from pollution through planting forests or paying farmers to plant different crops. Giulio Boccaletti at Project Syndicate .
Measles is coming to a town near you. Parents' refusal to vaccinate their children raises the question of whether vaccines should be required for everyone, regardless of religious or personal objections. Haider Javed Warraich in The Wall Street Journal .
ROGIN & LAKE: The Senate's torture investigation will be released shortly. After a long negotiation, Sen. Dianne Feinstein was able to retain some important information in the report that the CIA thought should remain classified. The question now will be how to prevent the abuses described in the report from happening again.  Bloomberg .
We can't leave sexual assault on campus to the police. Whether or not there is a criminal prosecution, schools have a responsibility to hep victims of sexual violence in small but crucial ways -- like rearranging schedules or moving students to different dormitories. Alexandra Brodsky and Elizabeth Deutsch in Politico .
SULLIVAN: The federal government issues reactionary guidelines on circumcision. There's no evidence that circumcision reduces HIV transmission in gay sex, which accounts for most new infections in the United States.  The Dish .
3. States file immigration suit
Texas, Kansas and 16 other states sue the Obama administration over deportations. They argue the president's executive order placed fiscal burdens on local governments. David Montgomery and Julia Preston in The New York Times .
Standing remains a legal obstacle for the states. The plaintiffs will have to show convincingly and concretely how the order harms them in order for a court to intervene. Nathan Koppel and Laura Meckler in The Wall Street Journal . 
Obama's action is without precedent in scope. The White House's claim that 1.5 million immigrants were granted temporary immunity from deportation under Presidents Reagan and George H.W. Bush is an exaggeration. At the time, federal officials thought their order extended to about 100,000 people.  The Washington Post .
4. A standoff over Takata's airbags
Takata rejects a federal request to recall its airbags nationwide. Regulators say defective airbags supplied by Takata are a danger to passengers. Meanwhile, Honda is taking action on its own, extending a previous recall across the country. A national recall could apply to several million cars. Ashley Halsey III in The Washington Post .
Honda's national recall has no immediate effect. There aren't enough airbags in stock to replace all of the ones that could be defective, so Honda, like other automakers, will continue to prioritize customers who live in humid regions. Humidity seems to make the airbags more likely to malfunction, though the cause is still unclear. Todd Spangler in the Detroit Free Press .
Takata says that a national recall is excessive. The company told the feds that it had tested more than 1,000 airbags from cars in arid regions, and not one had ruptured.  Associated Press .
5. In case you missed it
Reports of sexual assault in the military increased 8 percent last year. It's possible that service members are placing more trust in the military's procedures for handling these cases, and that victims are more likely to come forward as a result. Craig Whitlock in The Washington Post .
Fewer people are dying of prescription drug overdoses. The slight decrease is the first in a decade of epidemic painkiller abuse. Christopher Ingraham in The Washington Post .
Max Ehrenfreund is a blogger on the Financial desk and writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

The Switchboard: NSA hackers spied on international cell phone networks(Trevor Paglen / The Intercept)
Published every weekday, the Switchboard is your morning helping of hand-picked stories from the Switch team.
Comcast and AT&T deal decisions may come in March, FCC says. Bloomberg reports: "The Comcast review has 95 days remaining while the AT&T review has 110 days left, based on clocks that agency uses to set an informal 180-day deadline for considering mergers."
Sprint’s crazy “Cut Your Bill in Half” promo actually saves customers 20 percent. "Sprint is cutting in half the service portion of the bill — the part that pays for calling, texting and data," writes Re/code. "However, to get that savings, customers have to either lease a new phone or pay installments on the full cost of a new phone."
Google brings better, faster TV and internet hardware to Austin for Fiber launch. "The Network+ Box is the centerpiece of Google Fiber in the home, offering four gigabit ethernet ports and full support for 802.11ac Wi-Fi," according to the Verge. "It also includes 2TB of storage for your DVR recordings."
How the NSA hacks cell phone networks worldwide. "The NSA has spied on hundreds of companies and organizations internationally," the Intercept reports, "including in countries closely allied to the United States, in an effort to find security weaknesses in cellphone technology that it can exploit for surveillance."
Verizon starts killing off 3G networks to make room for LTE. "About 80 percent of Verizon’s mobile data traffic now rides over LTE, but some 40 million (41 percent) of the total devices on Verizon’s networks only have 2G and 3G radios," according to Gigaom. "That means for the foreseeable future, Verizon will have to keep a modicum of EV-DO capacity online at every cell site to support those devices."
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

Emily Dickinson birthday marathonA woodcut of Emily Dickinson by Barry Moser. (Courtesy of the Folger Shakespeare Library)
“How dreary to be somebody!” Emily Dickinson wrote when she was nobody.
More than 150 years later, what would the Belle of Amherst say about the marathon reading of her poems to be held in Washington on Monday?
How public, like a frog
To tell your name the livelong day
To an admiring bog!
In lieu of a bog, fans will gather at the Library of Congress at 9 a.m. Monday to begin a livelong day of birthday celebrations. (Dickinson was born Dec. 10, 1830.) Scholars, poets and members of the general public will stand at the mike for five or 10 minutes at a time to read her poems, starting with the verses she wrote around 1860.
The idea for this eight-hour literary tribute came from Eleanor Heginbotham, a retired English professor who serves on the board of the Emily Dickinson International Society. In St. Paul, Minn., she participated in marathon readings of Dickinson’s entire canon — more than 1,700 little masterpieces. Monday’s reading at the Library of Congress, which people are free to observe for as long as they’d like, will be somewhat less ambitious but no less devoted.
“Dickinson has so many moods,” Heginbotham says. “She’s angry, she’s playful. She’s stomping her foot at God and begging to be admitted to His presence. That’s why a marathon is so good, because you get so many different voices. When you read them end to end, poems you’ve never read or never focused on open up in some different way.”
But don’t even think about slowing this marathon down, because they will not stop for death — or anything else. Heginbotham says: “The frustration is that you want to stop and say, ‘Wait a minute — I want to talk about this poem,’ but that’s for another day. I hope that everybody will go home so frustrated that they couldn’t talk about it that they’ll read a biography or take a class on Emily Dickinson.”
Robert Casper, head of the Poetry and Literature Center at the Library of Congress, says, “If there’s any poet whose poems may blow the top of my head off — as she described it — it’s her.” But still, the prospect of a whole day of uninterrupted Dickinson is daunting. “I’m excited and slightly terrified in the best way,” he admits. “What if I walk outside afterwards and see a narrow fellow in the grass? If a Fly buzzes, I’m going to lose it.”
After the marathon ends at 5 p.m., the festivities will move to the Folger Shakespeare Library — just a few blocks from the House of Representatives, where Dickinson’s father served as a congressman. This year’s speaker for the Folger birthday tribute will be physician and poet Rafael Campo. (Tickets are $15.) He’ll read his own poems and talk about science, medicine and the liberal arts in the context of Dickinson’s work.
At a reception afterward, dessert inspired by one of Dickinson’s own recipes will be served: a “black cake” made by Washington pastry chef Padua Player, the SugaChef. (In one of her poems, Dickinson claimed, “I taste a liquor never brewed,” but her black cake calls for a cup and a half of brandy….)
Surely, Miss Emily would be pleased by all the fuss in her nation’s capital.
There came a day at summer’s full
Entirely for me;
I thought that such were for the saints,
Where revelations be.
Ron Charles is the editor of The Washington Post's Book World. For a dozen years, he enjoyed teaching American literature and critical theory in the Midwest, but finally switched to journalism when he realized that if he graded one more paper, he'd go crazy.

The long  halting  unfinished fight to end racial profiling in AmericaThe long, halting, unfinished fight to end racial profiling in America
George W. Bush promised to end racial profiling a decade ago. Now Eric Holder is still trying.
By Emily Badger December 4 Follow @emilymbadger
President Obama now has the chance to fulfill a promise originally made by George W. Bush: ending racial profiling in America. (AP)
In his very first address to Congress — in the speech where new presidents first detail their priorities for the nation — George W. Bush devoted a few moments to an unlikely topic: racial profiling.
"Too many of our citizens have cause to doubt our nation's justice," he said, "when the law points a finger of suspicion at groups instead of individuals."
The issue had, in fact, played into the 2000 election. The national news was full of stories of doctors and lawyers and NFL players stopped for "driving while black," in seemingly every state from California to Massachusetts. Both candidates that year were asked in a presidential debate if they would support a federal law banning racial profiling, and they said they would. Before Congress, Bush was unequivocal.
"Earlier today, I asked John Ashcroft, the attorney general, to develop specific recommendations to end racial profiling," he announced. "It's wrong, and we will end it in America."
More than a decade later, with a rare moment of bipartisan momentum long past, Bush's promise remains unfulfilled. Communities across the country still chafe at the profiling they perceive in state immigration laws that allow police to disproportionately challenge the status of Hispanics , in surveillance of local Muslim communities , and in statistics showing that blacks are still interrogated by police on the street  at a far higher rate than other groups. Black drivers, nationwide, are twice as likely as whites to be arrested during a traffic stop .
The consequences of this racial profiling are as evident as ever: in the frayed relationships between police and minorities, in the deep distrust among minorities of the justice system, and in the racial tension in Ferguson, Mo.
A New York Civil Liberties Union analysis of stop-and-frisk data from the NYPD in 2011.
The year Bush declared that profiling was wrong, a bill was introduced in Congress, the End Racial Profiling Act, that attempted to make good on his promise. It required federal agencies to stop the practice, and local agencies that wanted federal money to do the same. By the fall of 2001, though — after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 — the will to tackle the issue waned. People who opposed profiling black drivers on New Jersey highways found they felt differently about profiling Muslim passengers at airports .
When he came to office, Barack Obama inherited much of the same problems that Bush described. And his attorney general, Eric Holder, vowed early in the new administration to pick up where Ashcroft left off, putting the weight of the federal government more firmly behind a policy to eradicate racial profiling.
Holder's promise, though, has lingered for the last four years, the review of federal policy dragging on, the new guidance still unreleased as the final days of Holder's tenure wind down. Civil-rights groups have grown anxious waiting for it, as several incidents —  from the arrest of Henry Louis Gates Jr., to the shooting of Michael Brown, to the death of Eric Garner — have fanned racial tensions across the country.
On Monday, speaking in Atlanta about the tension that erupted in Ferguson, Holder hinted that he would finally announce such changes in the coming days, unveiling "rigorous new standards" on the use of race by law enforcement — "to help end racial profiling," he said, "once and for all."
The new policy would be one of the last major accomplishments of Holder's tenure, a central pillar of his civil-rights legacy .
sd
Gaping loopholes
Civil-rights advocates did not get the federal law they sought under the Bush administration. (The End Racial Profiling Act has been introduced, to no effect, in every Congress since). They did, however, eventually get an important document from the Department of Justice -- an 11-page  "guidance regarding the use of race by federal law enforcement agencies."
In that 2003 decree by Ashcroft, the federal government for the first time defined racial profiling, and in stark terms:
'Racial profiling' at its core concerns the invidious use of race or ethnicity as a criterion in conducting stops, searches and other law enforcement investigative procedures. It is premised on the erroneous assumption that any particular individual of one race or ethnicity is more likely to engage in misconduct than any particular individual of another race or ethnicity.
Racial profiling in law enforcement is not merely wrong, but also ineffective.
Its use by law enforcement, the document said, also "has a terrible cost" to individuals and the nation's values.
"I think people were surprised that something like this could come out of John Ashcroft and the Bush Administration — pleasantly surprised," says Laura Murphy, director of the Washington Legislative Office of the American Civil Liberties Union.
But the guidance, which prohibited racial profiling by federal law enforcement agencies, also contained some gaping loopholes, making it a valuable statement of principles but a hollow tool for enforcing them.
First, the principles: The DOJ acknowledged that racial profiling is actually ineffective. This is especially noteworthy, since even today prominent officials have continued to dispute the idea, even if they don't use the word "profiling." Up until the end of his tenure last year, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg defended the city's aggressive stop-and-frisk program for disproportionately targeting the groups that he said commit disproportionate amounts of crime.
Neither opponents of racial profiling nor the 2003 federal guidance deny the right of law enforcement officers to use race in responding to specific descriptions of criminals. Officers don't have to ignore the race of a suspect if he's described as "black, 5'10", wearing a gray sweater."
Racial profiling, rather, refers more broadly to the kind of calculation Bloomberg was describing: That if officers stop more blacks, they will increase their chances of finding criminals, because criminals are more likely to be black.
A 2004 Gallup poll illustrates that American views on racial profiling depend on the context where it occurs.
That "profiling hypothesis," as law professor David A. Harris puts it, has repeatedly been proven wrong . Harris' analyses have found that racial profiling actually makes police less accurate, not more so, in catching criminal activity. That's because it wastes resources on false positives among people police would never otherwise stop (black lawyers on their way to work), and because the focus on race diverts attention from the clues that actually do hint at criminal activity.
"If you want to know if somebody is involved in, say, transporting drugs on a highway, if you want to know whether somebody might be up to no good in an airport, you should watch with unrelenting intensity what they are doing, not what they look like — because that’s the only good predictor," says Harris, a professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law.
Harris often hears people justify profiling Arabs at airports as "better safe than sorry." But, in fact, by making law enforcement less accurate, Harris argues that profiling potentially makes communities less safe. And this effect is further compounded by the mistrust that arises in heavily profiled communities, where residents are wary of reporting crime or of cooperating with law enforcement.
Ashcroft's 2003 guidance, however, also included important loopholes. The document applied only to federal law enforcement agencies, not local ones. And it carved out exceptions for the two broad cases where profiling is most relevant to federal work: in national security and border integrity.
DOJ's piercing language on the costs of racial profiling did not apply, in other words, to terrorism investigations, airport screenings or border patrol. They left open the ability for federal agencies like the FBI to map Muslim Americans living in Michigan, for example, to track potential terrorist threats. They granted wide latitude to Customs and Border Protection, which operates well inside the U.S. border .
"The exceptions were written so broadly that they basically swallowed the rule," says Farhana Khera, the executive director of the legal advocacy organization Muslim Advocates.
Familiar numbers
Shortly after protests began this summer in Ferguson, decrying unequal treatment of blacks by local police, numbers came out that seemed to support the protesters' point. Racial profiling data compiled by the Missouri attorney general found that black drivers were the target of 86 percent of traffic stops in the city last year, and 93 percent of traffic stops that ended in an arrest. By contrast, blacks make up 63 percent of the local population over 16.
Those numbers are not so different from data the ACLU compiled in the 1990s for a series of lawsuits that helped turn racial profiling into a national story and a subject of presidential debate. In one suit against the Illinois State Police, the ACLU found that Hispanics, who made up less than 1 percent of the driving-age population in several counties outside of St. Louis, made up nearly a third of stops there for speeding less than five miles over the speed limit.
Similar disparities occur  today far from St. Louis : In New York City, young black men in 2011 were involved in a quarter of stop-and-frisk cases , while making up less than 2 percent of the city's population. In Boston, police data show that blacks, who make up about a quarter of the city's population, were involved in 63 percent of encounters with police from 2007-2010.
This critique doesn't necessarily imply that law enforcement should interact with each demographic group in exact proportion to its share of the population. But such extreme disparities reveal that police are stopping many minorities who've committed no crime, and leaving young black men in particular at risk when police stops escalate into deadly encounters.
The numbers on continuing racial disparities in police profiling reflect the environment — and the anger — Holder inherited when he announced, in 2010 , that the DOJ would review and update Ashcroft's original guidance. In the years since then, civil-rights advocates have lobbied intensely. They have pushed Holder to eliminate the national and border security loopholes. They have pushed him to add religious protections, too, to cover Muslims and Sikhs who've felt particularly targeted, often because of their appearance, since Sept. 11.
They also want Holder to extend his reach to local law enforcement agencies, by insisting on the same anti-racial profiling standards for departments that receive federal resources (like free hand-me-down military equipment , community-policing grants, or those body-camera funds Obama also announced this week ). In many contexts, after all, Washington has used federal resources as leverage to influence local policy. As attorney general, Holder otherwise has no control over policies set by local police departments.
Advocates have been repeating these requests for several years now, in new reports and open letters and public pleas . Now, as Holder prepares to finally announce the new standards, they are anxious about what he will say.
"They can repeat back to us everything that we’ve asked for, but they have not shared a draft, they have not said 'we can do this, but we can’t do that,'" says Murphy of the ACLU. "They have been more tight-lipped about this policy than George Bush’s Administration was when the guidance came out in 2003."
That reality suggests, ironically, that it may have been easier for John Ashcroft to denounce racial profiling in 2003 — to declare that the American "goal of 'liberty and justice for all' recedes with every act of such discrimination" — than for the nation's first black attorney general, and first black president, to say so today.
"Every time this administration tries to have a conversation about addressing racial problems in this society, they’ve gotten slammed," Murphy says. "Everything from the beer summit to Holder’s speech on ‘ we're cowards ’ on issues of race — they just have been treated like no other administration. And I think it’s totally unfair, and it’s had the effect of chilling certain actions on their part."
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

Congress wants to cut Medicare coverage of a legit medical device: penis pumps(iStock)
It looks like the days of Medicare covering penis pumps could be coming to an end.
After an embarrassing government watchdog report last year found that Medicare was "grossly" overpaying for penis pumps, the health-care program soon probably won't be helping out seniors with their sex lives.
Elimination of the government subsidy for the erectile function devices is tied up in a House bill with pretty significant bipartisan support to create tax-advantaged bank accounts for people with disabilities. And no one's really taking a public stand to keep the penis pump subsidy alive. The House approved the bill, 404-17, on Wednesday night, and it now heads to the Senate.
Last December, the HHS Inspector General found that Medicare was paying on average $360 per device— more than twice the average price of a penis pump that can be bought by just about anybody who knows how to shop on the Internet. That led to more than a few embarrassing headlines, and a thorough skewering from "The Daily Show."
So why did the federal government cover these devices in the first place? For one, penis pumps are a legit medical treatment for people with erectile dysfunction, especially as an alternative to taking pills. As a result,Medicare covers the penis pumps — or vacuum erection systems (VES), if you want to be all scientific about it — under its durable medical equipment program, known as DMEPOS. The Inspector General report explains: "Because VES are used to treat impotence, and because impotence is a failure of the body part for which the diagnosis, and frequently the treatment, requires medical expertise, VES constitute a type of DMEPOS eligible for coverage under [Medicare] Part B."
Meanwhile, the Medicare prescription drug program has always specifically banned coverage for erectile dysfunction drugs (although, a 2011 Inspector General report found that Medicare mistakenly paid for $3.1 million worth of ED drugs in a two-year stretch).
Old people are having sex — and a lot more than you might imagine. A comprehensive 2007 New England Journal of Medicine survey on seniors' sex lives found that more than half of people 64 to 75 reported having sex with a partner in the previous year, while it was 26 percent for people ages 75 to 85. For sexually active older men, their most commonly reported issue was erection trouble (37 percent).
As that Inspector General report found, Medicare paid 473,620 claims for the devices between 2006 and 2011. With Medicare coverage, beneficiaries faced an average $90.23 co-pay for the devices, while the report found the average cost for the device sold over the Internet is $164.74. So that's about another $75 seniors will have to pay out of pocket if this benefit is eliminated. The Congressional Budget Office estimates banning the benefit will save the government $444 million over the next decade.
You can certainly argue about whether or not the government should be helping seniors' sex lives. The New York Times' aging blog earlier this year offers an interesting case for doing so and posits that there's potentially some ageist thinking at hand — that we'd rather not consider the thought that our grandparents are, in fact, doing it.
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.

Alia Bhatt a better investment bet than the KhansAlia Bhatt a better investment bet than Aamir, Salman, SRK
Surajeet Das Gupta | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 06:40 PM IST
Bollywood’s reigning stars are no longer its brawny males. Believe it or not but the most successful actor this year based on returns that her movies have made from domestic net box office collections is the youth heartthrob Alia Bhatt (based on data up to October 31).
Alia might be new in Bollywood, but she has given three consecutive blockbusters this year in Highway, 2 States and Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhaniya. And based on ROI from the box office she is well ahead of super stars like Salman Khan, Hrithik Roshan and even Shah Rukh Khan. And of course much ahead in the pecking order compared to co-actresses Deepika Padukone and Priyanka Chopra.
Alia has given a return of 1.87 times of what the producers spend on their movies from net box domestic box office collections from her three movies. Her three movies made with a combined budget of Rs 88 crore were able to recover Rs 207 crore from net box office collections - a return of over 135% .
Amongst the men, Salman Khan - whose two movies had a budget of Rs 200 crore - was able to recover Rs 347 crore from the domestic box office- a return of 73.5%. Even Hritik Roshan with his single film this year in Bang Bang garnered only a ROI of 28% garnering a net box office collection of Rs 180 crore on a movie with a budget of Rs 140 crore. And Shah Rukh Khan might be pleased with his success in Happy New Year but he made Rs 205 crore from domestic net box office on a movie with a budget of Rs 125 crore.
Alia’s competitors in the business, though they have made good returns, have not been able to match her record. Deepika Padukone who acted in two movies Finding Fanny and Happy New Year was able to garner a ROI of 58% on a budget of Rs 152 crore on the two movies. Priyanka Chopra, despite the amazing success of Mary Kom, was able to garner Rs 137 crore as box office collection for her two movies (the other was Gunday) leading to a return of 87%.
ALIA

Sebi bars over 90 entities linked to Moryo groupSebi bars over 90 entities linked to Moryo group
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 06:30 PM IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Thursday barred over 90 entities connected to Moryo Industries from accessing capital markets; making it one of a holistic action by Sebi against large number of entities in one order.
In the interim order the markets regulator observed that the Moryo industries, its promoters and other related entities indulged in fraudulent and manipulative market transactions to create artificial volumes by trading in the scrip.
In the ex-parte order Sebi, Whole Time Member, Rajeev Kumar Agarwal, also observed that the Moryo Group misused the stock exchange platform to reduce the income tax dues.
"Moryo Group has misused the stock exchange system to generate fictitious long term capital gains (LTCG) to convert their unaccounted income into accounted one with no payment of taxes as LTCG is tax exempt. I prima facie find that the above modus operandi helped the concerned entities to avoid payment of taxes and to show the source of this income to be from legitimate source," said Agarwal.
The market watchdog had earlier received a reference from the Income Tax about Moryo Industries that they had used the preferential allotment route for claiming long term capital gains (LTCG).
Interestingly, during the examination period of FY 12-13 the company did not have any business activity and entire revenue of over Rs 5 crore was generated through share trading activities in the connected companies.
"The only way the share value could have increased is by way of market manipulation. The traded volume and price of the scrip increased substantially only after Moryo Group and allottees started trading in the scrip," the order stated.
As per the order the average volume increased by 3661 per cent during the examination period and the price increased by 112 per cent.
Sebi will also make a reference of the case to Income Tax department, Enforcement Directorate and Financial Intelligence Unit.

Bond yields may fall sharply by end-Dec on rate cut hopes in 2015Bond yields may fall sharply by end-Dec on rate cut hopes in 2015
Neelasri Barman | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 12:49 AM IST
While government bond yields have not have moved much since the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s monetary policy review on Tuesday, yields might move down by end-December on softer inflation numbers and demand for bonds in anticipation of interest rate cuts in 2015.
The yield on the 10-year bond ended stable at 7.97 per cent on Thursday compared to the previous close. The yield had ended at the same level on December 2 when RBI announced the monetary policy review. According to experts, the yield is moving towards 7.80-7.85 per cent by the end of this month.
“We expect the November consumer price index (CPI)-based inflation at 4.5 per cent. The inflation numbers will give a fillip to the bond market. The demand for bonds is going on with an expectation that we are entering a rate cut cycle. It is aided by low credit growth and easy liquidity in the system. There is an expectation that there will be at least 50 basis points repo rate cut in the next six months,” said Manish Wadhawan, managing director and head of interest rates at HSBC India.
Retail inflation softened to 5.52 per cent in October, the least since the index was created in early 2012, owing to a sharp fall in oil prices.
RBI has revised down the CPI-based inflation target to six per cent for March 2015. Earlier, the central bank’s target was to bring down CPI-based inflation to eight per cent by January 2015.
“A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle,” said RBI governor Raghuram Rajan in the monetary policy statement on Tuesday.
The repo rate was last increased by 25 basis points in the January monetary policy review to eight per cent. Rajan left the rate unchanged at eight per cent on Tuesday.
“The yield on the 10-year bond may trade between 7.85 to 8 per cent by end-December. A rate cut by RBI can happen anytime between the Budget and the April policy review. The rate cut can be between 25 and 50 basis points,” said Suyash Choudhary, head (fixed income) at IDFC Mutual Fund.
Not many believe the 10-year bond yield will end calendar year 2014 at a level lower than the current one. “The rally in bond markets will continue because the central bank took a dovish stance in the policy and there are expectations in the market that a rate cut may happen sooner. By end-December, the yield on the 10-year bond may drop to 7.8 per cent,” said N S Venkatesh, executive director and head of treasury at IDBI Bank.

SC seeks steps to stop sex-determination contents on websitesBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 6:39 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 6:44 pm
The Supreme Court on Thursday said that an effort has to be made to ensure that websites like Google India, Yahoo India and Microsoft Corporation (I) Pvt Ltd do not show contents in violation of the Indian law prohibiting sex determination of a foetus.
“In our considered opinion, an effort has to be made to see that nothing contrary to laws of this country are advertised or shown on these websites.
“However, for the said purpose, we would like to have the assistance from the competent authority from the Department of Information and Technology. We would request Ranjit Kumar, Solicitor General, to assist us on the next date, being assisted by a competent officer, as it involves technical issues,” a bench of justices Dipak Misra and U U Lalit said.
The court also expressed unhappiness over a 2010 affidavit of Group Coordinator, Cyber Laws Formulation and Enforcement Division of Department of Information Technology, that the Centre cannot block such contents on websites as pre-natal sex determination is not an offence in other countries and moreover, these sites have servers outside India.
“As we understand from the affidavit, it reflects a kind of helplessness by the said deponent. That apart, we do not appreciate the manner in which the stand has been expressed in paragraph (s) of the counter affidavit…,” it said.
During the hearing, the counsel for the websites on Thursday said that they do not violate the Indian law and they merely “provide a corridor, they do not have any control”.
The bench then listed the matter for hearing on December 15 saying, “Be that as it may, a legal solution has to be arrived at.”
It was alleged that despite the legal prohibition, websites like Google India, Yahoo India and Microsoft Corporation (I) Pvt Ltd are “still getting things advertised in violation of the legal provisions contained in the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act…”.
The court was hearing a PIL filed by NGO Voluntary Health Association of Punjab seeking court’s intervention in view of decreasing number of girl child in the country.
Earlier, the court had come down heavily on various states for their failure to stop female foeticide leading to alarming drop in the sex ratio in the country.
It had asked two joint secretaries and one additional secretary of Union Health Ministry to convene a meeting of senior officials of Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and National Capital Territory Delhi on December 3 to check “relevant registers” and records that had formed the basis of the sex-ratio data provided by them.
The court had also wanted to know as to whether the states have any plan to give “individual incentives” to the families to save the girl child. The NGO has said there is “severe decline” in the sex-ratio and almost all the states, which have filed the affidavits, have admitted to this.
The apex court had on March 4 last year directed the Centre and state governments to take quick and tough action against people indulging in female foeticide and had passed a slew of directions for continued…

Not time yet for a rate cutUpdated: December 4, 2014 00:20 IST
Not time yet for a rate cut
economy (general)
As was widely expected, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan has opted for a standstill monetary policy , brushing aside vocal demands from industry and strong hints from the government for a cut in rates. With inflation trending downwards in recent months and settling well below the RBI target of 8 per cent by January 2015, a major factor that prevented a more accommodative stance from the central bank was eliminated. Or at least that is what industry believed, especially because imported inflation is no longer a risk given the steep fall in global oil prices. But Dr. Rajan is not convinced yet about the durability of the disinflationary process. For one thing, much of the fall in inflation in the last couple of months is due to the statistical base effect which will wear off by December when it could trend upwards again. Second, prices of cereals, pulses and oilseeds could rise, given the kharif production shortfall. Finally, though the government appears serious about its commitment to meet the fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent for this fiscal, the delay in the disinvestment process and the weak growth in tax collections are causes for worry. In sum, given this situation, a change in the policy stance now could be premature.
Clearly, Dr. Rajan wants to slay the inflation demon fully and ensure it stays slain before he changes his policy stance. This is certainly prudent given the current macroeconomic environment — though industry might disagree. The fact is that rates in the call money and government securities markets have been softening over the last couple of months. Yet, banks have chosen not to transmit these soft rate impulses to borrowers in the form of lower rates and have thus driven them to alternatives such as commercial paper and external borrowings. Clearly, banks have to up their game by shedding their “lazy banking” habits and aversion to risk, and show some initiative in their business. Again, while industry might bemoan yet another policy slot that has gone by without the central bank’s benevolence, the fact is that interest rate is just one factor that determines investment. Infrastructure constraints such as availability of power and fuel, and clearances, including for land, are greater stumbling blocks to a revival in investment. Despite the government’s efforts, revival of stalled projects has not accelerated. Industry should take hope from the central bank’s promise of a change in its policy stance early next year, including outside the policy review cycle, if the disinflationary process is sustained. Clearly, we are very close to a reversal in the rate cycle; reading between the lines, the markets are already betting on a cut around Budget time, if not earlier.

WC 2015: Yuvraj  Sehwag  Bhajji  Gambhir not in Team India s 30-man probables list2011 heroes not in Team India's 30 probables for 2015 World Cup
PTI
New Delhi, December 04, 2014
First Published: 15:38 IST(4/12/2014)
print
Combination photo of Yuvraj Singh, Harbhajan Singh, Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir and Zaheer Khan.
Four veterans -- Virender Sehwag, Yuvraj Singh, Zaheer Khan and Harbhajan Singh -- were on Thursday omitted from India's World Cup 30-member probables list which includes young spinners Axar Patel and Kuldeep Yadav.
Another seasoned cricketer Gautam Gambhir has also been left out with the selectors reposing faith on the young guns to retain the title in Australia and New Zealand.
The decision to ignore the veteran players, who were a part of the 2011 World Cup winning team along with Sehwag, Yuvraj and Gambhir, has put a question mark on their future given that none of the five have featured in an ODI for the last one year.
Apart from the famed five, pacers Ashish Nehra and Munaf Patel, spinner Piyush Chawla and all-rounder Yusuf Pathan were also among the players axed from the list announced by BCCI Secretary Sanjay Patel after a meeting of the selection committee.
Apart from Axar Patel and Kuldeep Yadav, Jammu and Kashmir all-rounder Parveez Rasool and  batting duo of Manish Pandey and Kedar Jadhav benefitted from the overhaul, riding on their consistent performance in the domestic circuit.
With the selectors opting to ignore seniors, there were no major surprises on offer in the list of probables.
The selectors included all-rounder Stuart Binny and in-form batsman Manoj Tiwary and young wicketkeeper-batsman Sanju Samson in the list which would be further pruned to 15 on January 7, five weeks ahead of the World Cup starting February 14.
Eleven players from the 2011 World Cup-winning squad will not be seen in action when the team goes Down Under to defend the trophy. While most of them have been ignored for poor form, Sachin Tendulkar has retired and pacer S Sreesanth has been banned for spot-fixing.
Of all the players ignored, Yuvraj's journey has been the most dramatic. The left-handed batsman was named Player of the Tournament for his fantastic run in the 2011 World Cup but his career took a hit after he had to undergo treatment for rare form of germ cell cancer between his lungs.
His attempts at a comeback were not too successful and he was eventually pushed to the sidelines.
Of the selected players, captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Virat Kohli, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Suresh Raina, R Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja picked themselves after delivering consistently.
Among the bowlers, pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ishant Sharma, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Mohit Sharma and Ashoke Dinda got the selectors' nod by virtue of their fine performances in both the international and domestic circuit.
Apart from Dhoni, the list has two wicketkeepers in Wriddhiman Saha and young Sanju Samson, who has also impressed with his batting in the domestic arena.
Cheteshwar Pujara, who is regarded a Test specialist, Pragyan Ojha, Dinesh Karthik and Naman Ojha were among the other notable omissions.
Murali Vijay, Ambati Rayudu and Robin Uthappa, who have been in and out of the national squad in recent times have also found a place in the probables list.
India's World Cup probables: Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Robin Uthappa, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ambati Rayudu, Kedar Jadhav, Manoj Tiwary, Manish Pandey, Wriddhiman Saha, Sanju Samson, R Ashwin, Parveez Rasool, Karn Sharma, Amit Mishra, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Ishant Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Stuart Binny, Mohit Sharma, Ashoke Dinda, Kuldeep Yadav and Murali Vijay.

Cartoon of the day: The coming together of third frontmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

PM Modi s  Mission Kashmir  wins perception battle in the  land of saffronD P Satish , IBNLive.com | Dec 04, 2014 at 06:21pm IST
Srinagar: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has achieved something which no other BJP leader in the past was able to achieve. He has made the BJP a visible party in Kashmir.
The BJP had no existence in the Kashmir valley before this.  It was known as a 'letter head' party with no cadre base or leaders. But under Modi and the BJP national president Amit Shah, the saffron party has been able to enter the land of real saffron, Kashmir.
The BJP has been trying to make its presence felt across the Valley, where it was considered a non-entity till recently. For the first time, it has fielded 43 candidates on its own in the Valley, which has 46 Assembly seats. It has backed the former separatist leader Sajjad Lone in Handwara.
The BJP has been trying to make its presence felt across the Valley, where it was considered a non-entity till recently.
One can see huge hoardings, bill boards, posters, banners and buntings of Modi requesting the voters of Kashmir to vote the BJP for change and development. The BJP has adorned the capital Srinagar, which has eight Assembly seats with its huge hoardings. Even on the Srinagar-Muzaffarabad National Highway, almost all villages and towns have the hoardings of Modi seeking votes.
According to a local journalist, the BJP is campaigning openly across the Kashmir valley for the first time. He said, "Earlier, the BJP used to field half-a -dozen candidates in the Valley. They never used to campaign. The contest was just symbolic. For the first time, the BJP is campaigning like a serious player. It is something new. Something never seen before this."
The BJP is also using the local media, mainly newspapers in English and Urdu to convey its message to the voters. The BJP is advertising in all major newspapers in Kashmir and also in the local TV channels.
Like rest of India, most BJP hoardings and other campaign materials have only one picture - that of Modi. Some hoardings and banners have the picture of Union Minister of State in PMO Jitendra Singh, who is from the Jammu region, and party chief Amit Shah. But the BJP campaign is mainly Modi-centric.
The BJP leaders in the Valley believe that Modi has a huge public appeal across the Valley and can surprise the nay sayers. The BJP is targetting the minority Hindus (Kashmiri Pandits) and the Sikhs. Most of the BJP leaders in Kashmir are Muslims. They feel that many ordinary Muslims will also vote Modi for the development.
Shah's core team has also shifted its focus to Kashmir from neighbouring Jammu. A 150-member team is camping across Kashmir to assist and strategise party campaign. It is also focusing on the online campaign using social media platforms and the SMS service.
Modi will address two public meetings in Kashmir on December 8. He will address a rally in Srinagar and Anantnag. The local BJP unit is making all possible efforts to get a decent crowd in both the meetings.
According to national president of Jammat -e-Ulema Hind  Moulana Suhaib Qasmi, at least 150 Muslim clerics are actively working for the BJP and to promote Modi's development agenda in Kashmir. He argues that the incidents like Gujarat riots of 2002 are things of the past and it is time to build a better tomorrow for all in Kashmir and rest of India.
Many local Kashmiri people are still sceptical about the "Modi wave" in Kashmir. They claim that the BJP's appeal is limited only to advertisements and the party has a very little support among the public.
When asked about BJP's high decibel campaign across the Valley, some of them allege that the BJP is spending crores to get the local people on board. They even accuse the BJP of spending huge money on public advertisements by purchasing ad spots and locations at an exorbitant rate. The BJP rubbishes these claims as baseless and claims that it is getting a genuine support from the local Kashmiris who are tired of militancy and corruption.
It is a fact that the BJP is competing with the other major political parties in the fray - the National Conference, the Peoples' Democratic Party and the Congress - on an equal footing when it comes to campaign.
When the votes are counted on December 23, the people will come to know whether Modi's Mission in Kashmir is a success or a failure. However, Modi has completed half this mission by successfully launching party's campaign all over the Valley and has changed the public perception about him and the BJP to some extent.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

J&K: Terrorists gunned down in Nowgam wanted to disrupt electionsJ&K: Terrorists gunned down in Nowgam wanted to disrupt elections
CNN-IBN | Dec 04, 2014 at 06:36pm IST
Srinagar: The six terrorists who were killed in an encounter in Nowgam sector on Wednesday were planning to disrupt the ongoing Assembly elections  in Jammu & Kashmir.
CNN-IBN has accessed exclusive images which show that the terrorists were well stocked with ammunition and communication gadgetry meant to cause serious damage.
Army personnel killed all six terrorists in the gun battle that lasted for 48 hours. One junior commissioned officer was killed and four soldiers were injured in the encounter.
One junior commissioned officer was killed and four soldiers were injured in the encounter.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Applications for US Jobless Aid Drop Back Below 300 000; Evidence of Continued Hiring GainsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Smith on Getting Originalism Back on TrackProfessor Steven Smith has a new essay at the Liberty Law Forum, titled Meanings or Decisions? Getting Originalism Back on Track . It begins:
For what is the point of drawing up dumb, silent statements of laws, if anybody may attach a new meaning to the words to suit his own taste, find some remote interpretation, and twist the words to fit the situation and his own opinion? – John Locke
For originalists, must the guiding criterion of constitutional interpretation be original meaning (whether understood in intentionalist or public meaning terms)? You might thing the answer has to be yes. That is just what it means to be an originalist: to connect constitutional interpretation to original meaning.
I think the question is more complicated—and more fraught. Ironically, a focus on original meaning has led originalism to lose touch with its own goals. I will try in this brief essay to explain how this is so. And I will suggest an alternative that might help originalism get back on track. Until someone comes up with a better name, I will tentatively call this alternative “decisional originalism.”
I’m writing a response (as are Steve Sachs and Mike Rappaport) and our responses should be published soon. I’ll link to them when they are.
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

Watch: How Europe is greener now than 100 years agoBy Rick Noack December 4 Follow @rick_n
Within the last 100 years, Europe has experienced two World Wars, the end of communism, the emergence of the European Union and a series of other transformative political and economic developments. A team of scientists has now been able to visualize the impact of historical events in maps that show the growth and decline of settlements, forests and croplands.
The map, shown above, is the result of a research project led by Dutch scholar Richard Fuchs from the University of Wageningen. Besides regional political and economic trends, Europe's landscape was shaped by several larger developments of the 20th century, according to Fuchs.
The following maps preview some of the affected regions which we will explain and show in detail throughout this post.
"More than 100 years ago, timber was used for almost everything: as fuel wood, for metal production, furniture, house construction. Hence, at around 1900 there was hardly any forest areas left in Europe. Especially after World War II, many countries started massive afforestation programs which are still running today," Fuchs told The Washington Post.
As a result, Europe's forests grew by a third over the last 100 years. At the same time, cropland decreased due to technological innovations such as motorization, better drainage and irrigation systems: Relatively fewer area was needed to produce the same amount of food. Furthermore, many people migrated from rural to urban areas, or overseas.
Fuchs' fascinating conclusion: Forests and settlements grew at the same time and Europe is a much greener continent today than it was 100 years ago. A closer look at different regions and countries reveals Europe's recovery from the deforestation of past centuries.
In France, Spain and Italy, reforestation was particularly visible
In the southern French region of Vaucluse, entire mountain ranges were de-forested at the beginning of the 20th century, but the country invested heavily to reverse the trend. Meanwhile, agricultural projects in southern Spain transformed once arid, barren areas into profitable agricultural fields or even forests.
A similar development was documented in Italy. Former cropland were abandoned due to market competition, urbanization and emigration. Today, many parts of the Apennine Mountains (located on the right side of the map below) are dominated by grasslands and forests again.
The end of communism also led to forest growth in eastern Europe
In eastern Europe, many forests re-grew after the end of the Soviet Union. Fuchs and his colleagues explain the development with the fact that many privatized agricultural farms were less competitive on the global market. Therefore, farmers abandoned unprofitable cropland. Particularly in Romania and Poland, former cropland was taken back by nature afterward, first turning into grassland and later into forests.
In the 1990s, Europe also introduced a Common Agricultural Policy which stated that only highly productive areas should be used as cropland, in order to prevent inefficiency. Hence, fields got continuously bigger to better manage and maintain them with machines. Marginal land, however, was given up.
Scandinavian forests recovered to supply other countries
 
To the north of formerly communist Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, Scandinavian countries were able to re-grow most of their forests (and are continuing to do so today) to keep up with timer demand, as they substituted most other suppliers in Europe that had practically used up most of their own wood resources.
Elsewhere, re-forestation programs soon had a visible impact, as well...
... as more and more people moved into urban areas 
What you see here is among of the most populous areas of Europe: London (the growing, red area in the upper part of the picture), Paris (lower left side), and Brussels (in the middle). Although London experienced its most significant population growth in the 19th century, the city's suburbs grew massively in the 20th century and continue to do so.
The city of Paris itself actually lost inhabitants over the 20th century due to gentrification and higher rents, but you can clearly see how its suburbs became more and more populous throughout the century.
Britain recovered from excessive timber demand, as the Netherlands expanded its forests
Both the Netherlands and Britain had empires that relied heavily on the sea and their naval strength. In order to build ships, they needed wood -- and in 1900, only 2 - 3 percent of their territory was still covered with forests. Both countries have since been able to increase their forest area to 10-12 percent, as data from 2010 shows. The Netherlands also pursued another major project, visible on maps: It reclaimed the Zuiderzee bay with dams and drainage systems to gain more land.
A closer look at England and Ireland shows that both countries are nevertheless still mainly covered with grassland, while re-forestation has been particularly successful in Scotland.
Lazaro Gamio contributed to this post. 
Rick Noack writes about foreign affairs. He is an Arthur F. Burns Fellow at The Washington Post.

Short sale tax break passes House  on to SenateMortgages
Short sale tax break passes House, on to Senate
A bill that would extend a key tax break to tens of thousands of financially distressed homeowners who sold their homes this year for less than they owed passed the U.S. House on Wednesday and is headed to the Senate for consideration.
Bad luck, refinancing requirements keep some on sidelines ( Mary Ellen Podmolik, Tribune reporter )
A one-year extension of the Mortgage Debt Forgiveness Act, which expired Dec. 31, 2013, was included in the Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014 and passed the House on Wednesday on a 378-46 vote. Dozens of other temporary tax breaks that expired but would get a reprieve until the end of this year under the measure include those for home energy improvements and mortgage insurance premiums.
But for homeowners who gambled this year and sold their home through a short sale, unsure about the tax ramifications, this is the one foremost in their minds, as it is for the housing market in general.
0
Traditionally, if a lender allows a homeowner to sell a property for less than the amount owed on the mortgage, the homeowner has to report that forgiven debt as taxable income to the Internal Revenue Service. The Mortgage Debt Forgiveness Act of 2007, which had been extended multiple times, allowed taxpayers to exclude that forgiven debt from their annual income calculations.
The tax break lapsed in 2013, forcing homeowners to either gamble that it would be revived and proceed with a short sale or remain in homes that they either couldn't afford or couldn't sell because the mortgages were underwater.
An analysis earlier this year by the Urban Institute concluded that uncertainty over whether the tax break would be renewed could affect up to 2 million seriously underwater borrowers, including some who would eventually fall into foreclosure.
According to RealtyTrac, 7.1 percent of all homes that sold in the Chicago area during the third quarter were short sales.
The Joint Committee of Taxation has estimated the package of tax extensions would cut revenues by almost $45 billion over a 10-year budget window.

Axis Bank raises Rs 5 700 cr through infra bondsAxis Bank raises Rs 5,700 cr through infra bonds 
Beena Parmar
Tweet
December 4, 2014:  
Country’s third largest private sector lender, Axis Bank raised Rs 5,705 crore by issuing long term infrastructure bonds for a 10-year period.
The senior unsecured redeemable non-convertible debenture issue was priced at 8.85% p.a. (fixed coupon) payable annually maturing on December 05, 2024. The NCD’s are rated AAA by CRISIL & ICRA. The NCDs shall be allotted to eligible investors on December 05, 2014, Axis Bank said in a statement.
It’s the highest amount a bank has raised by selling such bonds, which were issued under the new RBI guidelines for lending to infrastructure and affordable housing projects.
Axis Bank had taken approval from its board of directors to raise up to Rs 6,000 crore by selling such bonds. The bonds opened for subscription on November 20 and closed on Wednesday.
Under a similar bond issue, ICICI Bank had raised Rs 3,900 crore in September by selling 10-year bonds at an annualised yield of 9.25%.
The Axis Bank transaction saw investor participation from Life Insurance Corporation, International Finance Corporation, Washington (IFC-W) and other Pension, Provident Funds, Mutual Funds, Multilateral Financial Institutions, Foreign Financial Institutions (FII’s) and Insurance Companies. It is the single largest issue by any private sector issuer in recent times of Senior Unsecured Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures, the statement said.
“The NCDs are issued in Rupee at a fixed coupon and the proceeds shall be utilised for enhancing long term resources for funding infrastructure and affordable housing,” Axis Bank said.
Sidharth Rath, President - Treasury, Business Banking & Capital Markets, Axis Bank said, “We are pleased to have received a very good response for the infrastructure bonds from the domestic as well as foreign investors. This issue was launched immediately after our recent international bond offering and generated a very good response...”
Earlier this year, RBI had allowed banks to raise funds by selling special long-term bonds that are exempt from cash reserve ratio (CRR) and Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) requirements. The funds raised are also exempt from priority-sector norms under which banks have to channel 40% of the loans to agriculture, small businesses and weaker sections of society, making the sale of these bonds attractive for banks that finance infrastructure projects.
With weak credit demand, most banks are waiting for a policy rate cut and sensing the market conditions before raising such bonds so as to get a better pricing.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

M3M eyes Rs 12 000 cr revenue from project on Sahara landM3M eyes sales revenue of Rs 12,000 crore from Sahara land in 6-8 years
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 20:59 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Having bought 185 acres of land in Gurgaon from Sahara Group , realty firm M3M India on Thursday said it will develop a world-class mixed-use project, comprising housing, commercial and hotels, with an expected sales revenue of Rs 12,000 crore over the next 6-8 years.
The Gurgaon-based real estate developer is also exploring the possibility of roping in international developers, financial institutions and private equity firms to develop this ambitious project, which could entail an investment of over Rs 4,000 crore.
M3M India, which currently has 2,000 acres of land in an around Gurgaon, is developing 14 projects, including its flagship 75-acre project 'M3M Golf Estate', covering about 11 million sq ft of built up area.
Announcing the big-ticket land deal , M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal said, "We have acquired 185 acres of land in Delhi-NCR from Sahara group for Rs 1,211 crore... This is one of the biggest land deals in recent history in Delhi-NCR."
This is the realty company's second major land deal . In 2012, M3M had bought 28 acres of prime land in Gurgaon from DLF, the country's largest property developer, for Rs 440 crore.
"We will come up with a high-end mixed-use development project on this land comprising branded homes, service apartments, offices, retail, hotels and entertainment centres.
We are expecting sales revenue of Rs 12,000 crore from this project," Bansal said.
M3M India would also have medical, educational and sports facilities in the project.
The realty company would be shortly applying for approvals to develop this project, which is expected to be launched in the last quarter of 2015 and get completed in the next 6-8 years.
When asked about total investment on project, Bansal said, "It is too premature to estimate but it will be about one-third of the estimated sales revenue."
On funding of this project, the director said M3M would fund the project cost largely from internal accruals.
Bansal also said that the company is looking at partnering with international developers, financial institutions and private equity firms.

UAE police make arrest in American school teacherstabbingBy: Associated Press | Dubai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 7:18 pm
The United Arab Emirates’ interior minister says police have arrested a suspect in the killing of an American school teacher in the capital, Abu Dhabi.
State news agency WAM says Interior Minister Saif bin Zayed Al Nahyan said on Thursday that the suspect also planted a makeshift bomb outside the house of an American doctor. He says the device was successfully dismantled.
Police say the teacher was stabbed to death by an attacker wearing the full black veil commonly worn by women throughout the Gulf Arab region.

Indian Aces suffer second consecutive defeat inIPTLBy: Press Trust of India | Singapore |
Posted: December 4, 2014 7:16 pm
Indian Aces suffered their second successive loss in the inaugural International Premier Tennis League as they went down fighting 20-25 to Manila Mavericks in the last match of the Singapore leg, in Singapore on Thursday.
In an encounter that saw the lead change hands three times in the first three sets, Manila rode on the victories of Philippoussis in Legend’s singles, Daniel Nestor and Kirsten Flipkens in mixed doubles and Treat Huey and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in men’s doubles.
The victory came as a big boost for the Mavericks as they are now just three points adrift of the Aces, closing the gap on the initial runaway leaders.
It was Australian Mark Philippoussis, who started the proceedings for Manila as he continued his unbeaten streak with a convincing 6-4 opening match win over Cedric Pioline, who had replaced his French countryman Fabrice Santoro.
World No. 5 Ana Ivanovic then brought the Aces back into the contest with a comprehensive 6-2 win over Kirsten Flipkens of Belgium.
A lot was expected from Indian pair of Rohan Bopanna and Sania Mirza but the duo found the going tough for the first time in the league, going down 2-6 to Nestor and Flipkens, who are beginning to find their feet as mixed doubles partners.
Bopanna then paired up with Gael Monfils of France for the men’s doubles match but the duo failed to get it across Treat Huey and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, who showed that they’re a force to be reckoned with.
Re-igniting the form they showed in Manila, Huey and Tsonga thumped a highly entertaining Bopanna and Monfils 6-2.
The final set saw the battle of the Frenchmen, as Monfils showed true athleticism to outplay Tsonga 6-5, taking the team total to 20 and earning them much-needed 2 points.After his match,
After his match, Phillippoussis said: “I served three double faults in the first game, it’s tough. I found myself starting on the back foot. It’s Cedric’s first time here so it was tough for him to get his timing, I’m just happy to get a good start for the team.”
The action will now shift to India as the Aces head to their home city of Delhi on Friday.

4 IIT-Kanpur students turn down Rs 1cr p.a. ...B. Tech
(It is not everyday that a…)
KANPUR: Considerations of professional fulfilment and a desire to pursue higher studies have trumped offers of eight-figure salaries during placements at IITKanpur as four students chose to turn down jobs which would have paid them more than Rs 1 crore yearly.
It is not everyday that a job-seeker turns down a Rs 1 crore offer and the decision by four of them -- three boys and a girl student -- at the premier technological institute here is sure to create a flutter, especially when two of them are said to have settled for lower salaries in order to work in profiles which they found to be more suitable for themselves.
According to the chairman of the IIT-Kanpur Placement Cell, Prof Deepu Philip, the remaining two male students have opted for higher studies over signing up to join any company.
Philip, who refused to divulge the names of the four students, said that the offers were made yesterday by a multinational company during placement interviews on their campus.
"The offer to these four students was for a take home of $150,000, or close to Rs 93 lakh per annum. Along with other incentives and perks, the size of the package was more than Rs 1 crore yearly," Philip told PTI today.
"The girl student and one of the boys declined the offer saying it did not match their temperament and that they wanted professional fulfilment from their jobs. The two have accepted offers of Rs 50 lakh per annum from a smaller company.
"The remaining two students said they want to focus on higher studies and were, therefore, not keen on taking up the Rs 1 crore offer," added Philip.
In one of the fattest pay packages offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur was a few days back offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs 1.5 crore. IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying "this brings unnecessary attention to the student".
IIT sources claimed that the 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
IIT Kanpur had kicked off its placement drive on Dec. 1 with around 1,290 students from B.Tech, B.Tech Dual and M.Tech courses registering for the same. The placement drive will continue till Dec. 24.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aadhaar to improve poverty elimination schemesAadhaar to improve delivery of poverty elimination schemes
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 07.31PM IST
Tags:
AADHAAR
(The Aadhaar programme has…)
NEW DELHI: The Aadhaarprogramme has the potential to improve targeting of poverty elimination social sector schemes as per a World Bank report, Parliament was informed today.
"The World Bank Global Monitoring Report 2014/2015 titled 'Ending Poverty and Sharing Prosperity' states that in India, the introduction of unique, official identity number (the Aadhaar programme) aims to improve the delivery of government services, reduce fraud and corruption, facilitate robust voting processes, and improve security," Planning Minister Rao Inderjit Singh said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.
The minister was replying to a question whether in a recent report, the World Bank has "flagged" India's Initiative in targeting poverty alleviation schemes through its unique identity (Aadhaar) programme.
The minister said that the Information and Communication Technology has the potential to be powerful tool in the fight against global poverty and in boosting shared prosperity.
The report also mentions that "New poverty estimates for 2010 and 2011 show a notable decline in extreme poverty. In part this decline reflects newly available household surveys that show much lower poverty rates. For example, India's poverty headcount fell by 10 percentage points within two years (from the National Sample Survey, or NSS, 2009/10 to NSS 2011/12)," he added.
In a bid to improve the delivery of various benefits of social sector scheme and subsidies, government has planned to use Aadhaar database.
The government recently advanced the deadline for covering entire population under the Aadhaar projects to March next year from earlier deadline of Jume 2015.
The Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ) implementing the Aadhaar projects has already generated UID numbers for over 70 crore residents so far.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Twitter comes alive as Yuvraj  Sehwag omitted from India s list of WC probablesprint
The Indian selectors announced the list of 30 probables for the 2015 World Cup which will be held in Australia and New Zealand. The five-member selection panel headed by Sandeep Patil went for on youth over experience.
The most notable omission was that of the five veterans - Virender Sehwag, Yuvraj Singh, Zaheer Khan, Gautam Gambhir and Harbhajan Singh - who were instrumental in India lifting the World Cup in 2011.
Fans and critics expressed mixed reactions over Twitter - while some felt that Yuvraj should have featured in the list, others cracked jokes on the omission. Here are the best tweets:
Breaking: Sehwag, Yuvraj, Harbhajan, Zaheer, Gambhir included in 30 man probable list of entrants to Bigg Boss— bwoyblunder.co.in (@bwoyblunder) December 4, 2014
People are more disappointed at Sehwag, Yuvraj and Gambhir not making it to the World Cup squad than Sehwag, Yuvraj and Gambhir themselves.— Rameez (@Sychlops) December 4, 2014
Sehwag is like, Chalo koi nahin. March-April waise bhi admissions ka time hota hai. School ke kaam me busy rahoonga..— Gappistan Radio (@GappistanRadio) December 4, 2014
RT if you want Sunil Gavaskar in the World Cup squad..— Rajat Kapoor (@mrrajatkapoor) December 4, 2014
Ashoke Dinda for 2015WC is hoping to be the Joginder sharma of 2007WC India's 30— Mithun Gopal (@themig29k) December 4, 2014
Even after playing so well in Lagaan, Bhuvan still hasn't been selected for the World Cup probables. This is sad!— Keh Ke Peheno (@coolfunnytshirt) December 4, 2014
No Piyush Chawla? 2015 WC is a write off already.— Mihir (@Sfx11) December 4, 2014
Feeling sad for mohammad kaif. He didn't evn get ignored #worldcup30 India's 30— Amul Baby (@AmulButterBaby) December 4, 2014
First Cricket World Cup without Sachin since 1992.— Trendulkar (@Trendulkar) December 4, 2014
Youth, form and all is okay. But we should at least give Sehwag, Yuvi & Zak one big farewell party, no?— Ramesh Srivats (@rameshsrivats) December 4, 2014

Decision to award Rohtak sisters put off until probe is completeHaryana govt puts award for Rohtak sisters on hold
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 04, 2014
First Published: 15:04 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:31 IST(5/12/2014)
Days after announcing an award for two Rohtak sisters who took on their alleged molesters in a moving bus, the Haryana government on Thursday put its plans on hold pending an inquiry after some co-passengers said the men were innocent.
Pooja (L), 19, and Aarti, 22, at their home in the district of Sonepat. (AFP Photo)
Police arrested the three men following nationwide outrage after a video of the two women beating up the men went viral. The video was shot by a co-passenger on her mobile phone.
However, during investigation, a few passengers told police that the men were being wrongly accused, prompting the government to put on hold its decision to fete the women until the probe was over.
“The state government will get the matter investigated in a free and transparent manner and the decision on awarding the two Rohtak sisters on Republic Day will be taken based on the outcome of police reports,” said chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar.
The parents of the accused men met Khattar at Rohtak to seek an impartial probe into the matter.
The government also asked the bus driver and conductor, who had been suspended following the emergence of the video, to resume work until the police probe was over.
Another video showing the sisters beating up a boy in a park that surfaced on Tuesday triggered controversy after two people claiming to be witnesses said the girls abused and tore off the boy's clothes after he asked them why they were wasting their time in the park instead of attending college.
A girl accompanying them recorded the incident on camera, they told police.

Links: Cramer  car loans  one lucky lobsterWho could have predicted that? After an explosion of subprime auto lending, car loans delinquent 60 days increased 27% in the third quarter from a year ago.
Sears lost less money than Wall Street expected in the third quarter. The retailer lost $548 million, instead of the $590 million and $630 million it had estimated.
Vladimir Putin has slammed currency traders for the ruble’s woes . The Russian currency has fallen about 40% against the dollar since the start of the year.
Despite the sluggish housing market, home prices increased 6.1% in October from a year earlier . Low-priced homes gained 8.1%.
Want to know the top 10 sectors since the oil peak? Here you go.
A trader bragged on his resume that he knew how to game the electric markets. JPMorgan Chase rushed to hire him.

P&G Wants You to Shop From Public BathroomsP&G wants you to shop inside public bathroom stalls
Ben Popken TODAY
There's no reason productivity should stop at the bathroom door.
In that spirit, Procter & Gamble and Amazon have partnered up to launch "Stall Malls" inside public toilets.
Once you sit down in one of the stalls, an ad wrapping the back of the door invites you to download the Amazon App and displays the barcodes for coupons for several bathroom-appropriate Proctor & Gamble products. Use the app to scan the barcodes and place your order.
P&G
So while you finish using the bathroom, you'll also be scratching an item off your to-do list.
To encourage users to take the plunge, the coupons are on the high side for what the brands offer.
The coupons include $2 off Charmin Mega Rolls, $7 off Crest 3D Whitestrips and 50 cents off Febreze.
The ads will be installed in select cities through the end of the year. 
You can find them in New York at the Staten Island mall, in New Jersey at the Paramus Park, Willowbrook, and Woodbridge malls, in Los Angeles at the Glendale Galleria, in Philadelphia at the Christiana and Neshaminy malls, and in Seattle at the Alderwod, Bellis Fair and Westlake malls.
Email ben.popken@nbcuni.com and tweet @bpopken .
Tags:

Morning Plum: GOP leaders betting that conservative rage will sputter outBy Greg Sargent December 4 Follow @theplumlinegs
With conservatives working themselves up into cries of rage and betrayal over the GOP leadership’s emerging scheme to avoid a government shutdown, it seems increasingly likely that House Republican leaders may need Democratic votes to pass something that funds the government for the next year. The question now: How will Democrats respond?
For now, Democratic leadership aides signal, they are content to let Speaker John Boehner twist in the wind. In other words: This is your problem; you deal with it.
The emerging House GOP plan is to hold a vote to condemn President Obama’s executive action, to allow conservatives to vent. Then Republicans will try to pass year-long funding for most of the government, except the Department of Homeland Security, which oversees immigration enforcement. The DHS would be funded through only February, at which point Republicans could try to defund Obama’s action.
Conservatives — egged on by the Three Amigos, Ted Cruz, Steve King, and Michele Bachmann — say this isn’t good enough, so passage of the bill funding the government remains in doubt. Indeed, GOP leaders have reportedly reached out to Democratic leaders to see if Dems would help pass it. Nancy Pelosi responded by declining to answer , saying only: “It’s immature. They should make a decision that this is what we need to do to keep the government open.“
If that sounds cryptic, it’s because it’s supposed to be. There’s no reason why Democrats would signal their intentions now, since Boehner’s apparent need for Democratic support to avoid disaster theoretically increases their leverage.
A senior House Democratic aide tells me there are several unknowns that will determine whether Democrats ultimately support the GOP scheme. One is whether GOP leaders acquiesce to conservative demands for “riders”  defunding Obama’s action to be attached to government funding. Anything that actually undermines that action will be a non-starter, so Dems will insist any such tactic be scrapped.
It’s likely that a number of Democrats will end up supporting the GOP scheme. The fact that Republicans appear set to hold two separate votes — one directly targeting the executive action; the other funding the government — suggests they know they need to decouple the two in order to avoid a shutdown. If they do that, Dems might support the government funding bill.
After all, this would push the confrontation over the executive action into February. Are Republicans really going to risk shutting down the Department of Homeland Security two months from now, in response to an announcement that at that point will have happened in the (politically) distant past? Republicans such as Senator Lindsey Graham are already condemning this idea : “It’d be shortsighted to deny funding to an agency that’s become one of the frontline defenders of the homeland.”
It would be shortsighted — and politically perilous. In the end, Republican leaders are probably betting that if they stretch this out long enough, conservative rage will ultimately sputter out, at least to the point where it can more easily be marginalized. Democrats might quietly assist in that process.
********************************************************
 * WALL STREET JOURNAL TO GOP: ARE YOU INSANE? The Wall Street Journal editorial board warns Republican leaders against adopting a “suicide” government shutdown strategy against Obama’s executive action on deportations, making the outlandish suggestion that Republicans might try another novel approach instead: Legislating on immigration. This underscores the degree to which the pragmatic business-aligned wing of the GOP wants to avoid a Tea Party-fueled showdown over deportations.
 * STATES SUE TO BLOCK EXECUTIVE ACTION: Seventeen states, led by incoming Texas governor Greg Abbott, have filed a lawsuit to block Obama’s executive action to shield people from deportations . The key claim is that this action violates the Constitution’s clause stating that the president must “take care that the laws be faithfully executed.” Prosecutorial discretion, exercised properly, is a necessary component of faithful execution of the law, and this executive action is arguably on the right side of this line .
Look for a lot of local officials to grandstand and vie for attention from the Conservative Entertainment Complex on this.
‘A SEARCH FOR JUSTICE IN ERIC GARNER CASE’: The New York Times has an absolutely scathing editorial denouncing the police killing of Eric Garner :
The imbalance between Mr. Garner’s fate, on a Staten Island sidewalk in July, and his supposed infraction, selling loose cigarettes, is grotesque and outrageous. Officer Pantaleo…used forbidden tactics to brutalize a citizen who was not acting belligerently, posed no risk of flight, brandished no weapon and was heavily outnumbered. Any police department that tolerates such conduct, and whose officers are unable or unwilling to defuse such confrontations without killing people, needs to be reformed. And though the chance of a local criminal case is now foreclosed, the Justice Department is right to swiftly investigate what certainly seem like violations of Mr. Garner’s civil rights.
Brian Beutler offers thoughts on what Americans can actually do about this , including ballot initiatives to empower civilian-staffed review boards, rather than local prosecutors, to oversee presentation of evidence against cops in such situations.
 * A BIG TEST FOR ATTORNEY GENERAL-NOMINEE: The Post reports that the pending Justice Department investigation into the Garner killing poses a major first test for Loretta Lynch, Obama’s nominee to be Attorney General .
The larger context here is daunting: As the Post notes, the Justice Department currently has open civil rights probes underway into the killings of Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown, but sources say there isn’t enough evidence to bring charges in either.
* POLLING FACTOID OF THE DAY: We already knew the American public was polarized along racial lines over the failure to indict Officer Darren Wilson. E.J. Dionne breaks down the numbers further :
Among white Democrats, only 37 percent approved of the grand jury’s decision not to indict Wilson, but 80 percent of white Republicans did. When it came to bringing federal civil rights charges, 60 percent of white Democrats approved of the move, compared with just 19 percent of white Republicans.
Yep: Polarization on this is partisan, too.
* BOTH SIDES CONDEMN GARNER KILLING: In contrast to polarization on the Michael Brown killing, MSNBC’s First Read crew makes this interesting observation about the reaction to the killing of Eric Garner:
Politically, there’s been one key difference between the reactions to the two recent decisions of grand juries not to indict white police officers for killing an unarmed black man. Unlike in Ferguson, conservatives have united with liberals to criticize the decision out of Staten Island, NY. Maybe the biggest reason for this unity: the videotape that exists of the killing…Does this create a political consensus to reform law enforcement’s treatment of African Americans?
Of course, we heard talk about a left-right alliance to combat police militarization after the Brown killing, too…
* REMINDER: THE PLUM LINE IS NOW ON FACEBOOK! We’re right here . Please sign up!
* AND A BIG SCOTUS CASE ON REDISTRICTING: Norman Ornstein has a great column explaining that redistricting is partly responsible for deeper ideological and racial polarization and more homogenous House districts, increasing gridlock and dysfunction . He argues the way to combat the problem is through voter referendums that take redistricting out of the hands of “self-interested legislatures.”
But, naturally, the Supreme Court is poised to hear a case that could “snuff out” this key way to “create more-representative and less-polarized representation in our democracy” and “ameliorate the worst effects of our tribalized politics.”
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

No more Roland PryzbylewskisBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 4 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Jim True-Frost as Roland Pryzbylewski in “The Wire.” (HBO)
Over the course of 2014, I have spent a lot of time thinking about the stories Americans tell themselves about police and the gap between those stories and the actual experiences of people who encounter police every day.
How did we get from the ideal of Sheriff Andy Taylor (Andy Griffith) in Mayberry, a man who saw no need for a gun, to the nightmarish fantasies of former Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson and Florida neighborhood watchman George Zimmerman, who saw their fellow citizens as antagonists rather than constituents? How did we reach a place where “In the Heat of the Night” seems optimistic in its portrayal of a confrontation between white cops and a black man that doesn’t end with that man dead or injured?
And yesterday, after a grand jury declined to indict officer Daniel Pantaleo, whose use of a chokehold killed Eric Garner , and Cleveland reporters published their investigation of Tim Loehmann, who shot and killed 12-year-old Tamir Rice , I found myself thinking of Roland Pryzbylewski, the young police officer on “The Wire” played by Jim True-Frost.
Pryzbylewski, or Pryz, as he’s known to fellow officers, is the kind of officer we almost never see in mass media: a bad one.
When he arrives on a special detail dedicated to investigating a major drug ring in the first season of “The Wire,” Pryz already has a serious demerit on his record: For some reason he shot up his own cruiser in a panic, and then filed a false report that suggested he had been under attack. He is considered emotionally unstable, and his assignment to the detail is supposed to be a way to dump him on a black officer, Lt. Cedric Daniels (Lance Reddick), so no other district will have to deal with him, and also to get him out of the way in a manner that will not offend his father-in-law, Maj. Stan Valchek (Al Brown), who is a district commissioner.
Echoes of Przy’s previous police work show up in the opening paragraphs of Adam Ferrise’s story on Tim Loehmann’s stint with the Independence, Ohio, police department before he joined the force in Cleveland.
“A Nov. 29, 2012 letter contained in Tim Loehmann’s personnel file from the Independence Police Department says that during firearms qualification training he was ‘distracted’ and ‘weepy,’ ” Ferrise reported . ” ‘He could not follow simple directions, could not communicate clear thoughts nor recollections, and his handgun performance was dismal,’ according to the letter written by Deputy Chief Jim Polak of the Independence police. … ‘I do not believe time, nor training, will be able to change or correct the deficiencies,’ Polak said.”
Like Pryz, Loehmann is white. And like Pryz, prior emotional displays that raised doubts about his ability to handle guns appropriately did not prevent him from staying on a police force where he would ultimately do greater damage.
In “The Wire,” Pryz and several other young officers do a stupid thing. They get drunk, go late at night to one of the housing projects that is a target of their investigation and hassle the residents there, forcing a man to strip on the sidewalk and dumping out another’s laundry. When a 14-year-0ld tweaks them by lounging on the hood of Przy’s car, Pryz clocks the boy with the butt of his pistol. The child ends up losing the sight in one eye.
And this will not be the last time that he uses his weapon inappropriately. In the third season of the show, Pryz neglects to identify himself when he responds to a distress call and shoots and kills a plainclothes African American officer.
In real life, Loehmann shot Tamir Rice just seconds after arriving on the scene where Rice had been spotted playing with a toy gun. An officer at the scene estimated Rice’s age at 20 , unable to recognize him as a child.
In “The Wire,” Pryz is removed from street work in the first season only after he survives an internal affairs investigation with some coaching from Daniels. A grand jury has yet to hear the case against Loehmann, but it seems likely that he will join Darren Wilson and Daniel Pantaleo in escaping indictment. Wilson has since resigned from the Ferguson police department.
David Simon, the creator of “The Wire,” extended empathy to drug lords and corrupt union officials in his masterful series. And while “The Wire” is also one of a minority of police procedurals (including “The Shield”) to take a hard and extended look at police corruption and police brutality, Simon does something doubly unusual with Pryz. After an unpromising start, Pryz gets to earn back the audience’s respect.
Once he is off the street, he shows a talent for investigations that are based in research rather than contact with suspects. And after leaving the Baltimore police department, Pryz becomes an unusually dedicated math teacher, caring for African American teenagers who might have been targets of his violent temper when he worked in law enforcement.
Simon is making an important distinction here. Pryz is neither a monster nor a racist. He has redeeming personal qualities and something to offer his community. But from the very beginning of Pryz’s police career, it has been abundantly clear that he is temperamentally unsuited to carry a firearm and that he should not be invested with the authority to use it on behalf of the government. The failure to heed these clear signs has tragic results for Baltimore residents, and for the Baltimore police department itself.
For Tamir Rice, for Eric Garner and for Michael Brown, it is long past time for police departments across the country to come to the conclusion that Pryz himself reaches when he quits the force after killing another officer. If policing is to be truly honorable, meaningful work that serves our communities, we have to acknowledge that it’s hard to do well, and that there are people other than serial killers and bigots who are incapable of doing it.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Hillary wont voluntarily step awayBy Jennifer Rubin December 4 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Henry Enten at Five Thirty Eight asks what it would take for Hillary Clinton to decline to run for president. My first thought was: Embalming fluid. This is a woman who, since her days in Arkansas, has craved money and power — and now, thanks to her ludicrously excessive speaking fees and delayed presidential announcement, she has found a way to do both.
Then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton briefs reporters at the State Department in 2010. (Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
Enten earnestly looks at polls suggesting Hillary Clinton’s numbers are not all that impressive. (“The current environment suggests Clinton would need to be stronger than a generic Democratic candidate to be considered the favorite. Instead, her standing has deteriorated. YouGov has been polling Clinton’s favorable ratings among adults over the past six years (adults overall tend to be more Democratic leaning than just registered voters.”) Really, do we think Clinton would look at her poll numbers and decide for the sake of the party and the country that she would let, say, Sen. Elizabeth Warren become the first woman president? 
To the extent Hillary Clinton looks at polls, she is almost certainly thinking — and we strongly believe she is, since her spinners are making the case — that there is no one of national stature on the Democratic side, that the GOP may tear itself apart or nominate a dunderhead, and that once she and Bill get out there to remind the country of the wonderful 1990s, everything will turn out fine. If you have been watching the Clintons for the past quarter-century, you know they have the affliction that many politicians suffer from: The complete inability to distinguish between what is good for the country and what they want to do.
Moreover, as The Fix explains , Clinton is looking for redemption for her awful 2008 campaign. The only one with more to prove in 2016 is Texas Gov. Rick Perry, who certainly does not want Americans’ final memory of him to be the 2012 presidential debates. Unlike Clinton, however, Perry was humbled by the experience and is doggedly studying issues and writing and speaking about his specific policy ideas, and he is determined to out work and out hustle those who take him too lightly. If Clinton has an inordinate sense of entitlement, Perry has remarkable self-awareness and insight into his challenges.
Ironically, now that Republicans have figured out how vulnerable Clinton is (because of her longevity on the national stage, her State Department record, her political ham-handedness and her inability to figure out how to simultaneously cling to Obama and reject him), they are single-minded in focusing on how to beat her. It is a gift, really, to know with such a high degree of certainty who you think your opponent will be. That makes messaging and your own side’s candidate selection so much easier. Meanwhile, for the very reason Republicans are excited, there is some decided nervousness in Democratic ranks and boredom verging on exasperation in the media, which are already fed up with Clinton’s waiting game and likely dread a noncompetitive primary.
Barring (God forbid) some health or personal crisis, Clinton is almost certain (as in over 90 percent) to run. The real question becomes whether she stumbles early — Iowa is her bete noire, of course. If that occurs and there is a competent opponent, as there was in 2008, Clinton could find herself reliving 2008, not the 1990s. But step away without giving it a shot? No way.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Solar City gets serious about its appBy Matt McFarland December 4 Follow @mattmcfarland
A customer can track the progress of a technician en route to their home. (SolarCity)
SolarCity has relaunched its app, adding features it thinks will help its technology grow increasingly popular among home owners.
The app, MySolarCity , includes real-time monitoring of energy usage and a feature reminiscent of Instagram where users can post photos. There’s also a function to track SolarCity technicians as they travel to your home. It’s reminiscent of Uber’s app, where you can watch as your driver navigates to you. Once the SolarCity technician completes his previous work order and is moving, his location will appear on your phone.
“Home services should be that way. Waiting for appointment windows just kind of sucks,” said Peter Rive, SolarCity’s chief technology officer. The morning of an appointment, SolarCity will provide a one-hour window for when its workers will arrive.
SolarCity hopes the app will make more of its customers informal advocates for solar power in their communities. Nearly a third of its customers come from referrals.
“People are very excited about that they’ve gone solar, but if you go to a BBQ or a bar, you can’t take your solar panels with you,” Rive said. “The next best thing is to take out your phone.”
Users can show off photos of their home and other solar homes, plus see who else in their area has solar panels . The idea is to remove the intimidation factor for potential solar energy converts.
Users of the app can like and post photos. (SolarCity)
A SolarCity customer at home can turn on and off different appliances to immediately see exactly how much each affects their energy consumption. There’s also a way to track energy usage in the long-term.
(SolarCity)
Matt McFarland is the editor of Innovations. He's always looking for the next big thing. You can find him on Twitter and Facebook .

New York City libraries soon will let patrons check out the InternetBy Nancy Scola December 4 Follow @nancyscola
(Photo credit: New York City Public Library)
New York City is expanding a program that allows local residents with a library card to take home broadband Internet hotspots -- sometimes for up to a year.
The hotspots allow users to connect up to 10 mobile devices like laptops, tablets, mobile phones, and gaming devices to zippy 4G LTE broadband. The devices, powered by Sprint, usually cost $49 with a two-year service agreement and a $110 a month fee for 30 GB of data.
But New York libraries will loan hundreds of them to residents. The catch? They're free with unlimited data as long as the borrower is enrolled in a library program, from citizenship classes to adult literacy. (Each of the three New York City library branches -- New York City, Brooklyn, and Queens -- will have slightly different rules for the program.)
The program, called "Check Out The Internet," is part of an ambitious plan to get more New Yorkers online and close the digital divide. Mayor Bill de Blasio recently announced a plan to turn city pay phones into WiFi hotspots and he has worked to push Verizon to expand its FiOS service .
Libraries across the country are already popular destinations for people with Internet access at home. They have stepped in where other institutions, whether they're government or telecom providers, have not yet managed to spread broadband access.
In 2011, nearly 30 percent of households in New York City were not subscribed to broadband at home, according to 2011 Center for Technology in Government at the University of Albany-SUNY. And a survey by the New York Public Library found that more than half of those who use the computers and Internet at their branches don't have broadband Internet access at their homes.
"Too many Brooklyn residents are on the wrong side of the digital divide," said Linda E. Johnson, president and chief executive officer of Brooklyn Public Library said in a statement. "Free Wi-Fi at local BPL branches is a vital resource, but it can't make up for the lack of internet access in the home — access that helps children succeed in school, and provides parents with critical information on health, employment, education, and more."
The hotspots, made by Netgear, are (cover your ears, librarians) about the size of a dime-store romance novel. That raises the possibility that they could let lost in a stack of books. But if users don't return them, they get turned off -- something that NYPL president and chief executive officer Tony Marx recently pointed out, you can't do with paper books. If they fail to return the devices, there could be a $100 fine.
Asked about theft of the devices, Marx says now, "The library lends books, and we get them back. We lend out laptops worth well over a thousand dollars for use in the branches in the poorest neighborhoods in New York. There's no security guard at the door, and we have almost no loss rate."
Marx added that the the hotspot itself is "essentially worthless once it comes out of the package. The value is in the subscription."
The program, which includes 10,000 devices and will cost $2.5 million, is being helped by a $1 million grant from Google and $500,000 from the Knight News Challenge. As part of the program, Google is also donating 500 WiFi enabled Chromebook laptops for teens and children in library after-school programs.
The New York City Public Library isn't stopping at the bounds of the five boroughs. It is also testing its model with state library systems in Kansas and Maine.
Says Marx, "Our primary responsibility is to the citizens of New York. But we understood from our friends in Washington" -- that is, the Federal Communications Commission and the White House, says Marx -- "that if we were going to demonstrate that we can produce a national solution to the digital divide, we needed to show that this approach could work outside urban New York City."
Have more to say on this topic? Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
 
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

The 1923 National Christmas Tree Lighting was quite a modest shindig #TBTBy Erin C.J. Robertson December 4 Follow @ECJRobertson
For this week’s Throwback Thursday, we’re beaming back to Dec. 23, 1923 to the very first National Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony. Ninety-one years ago, the annual affair looked a lot different than it does now.
The inaugural lighting began when first lady Grace Coolidge granted the District of Columbia Public Schools permission to mount a 48-foot tree just south of the White House fence, according to the National Parks Foundation .
The occasion originally had minimal pomp (a choir, a Marine band quartet and the tree lighting by President Coolidge). But in the decades since, the ceremony has morphed into a national, televised celebration that attracts VIPs like actor Tom Hanks and singer Patti LaBelle, who are among the 2014 performers . See how far the tree lighting has come since its humble roots:
 

Rahul democrat  Narendra Modi power hungryPeshawar school attack: Pakistani pupils recall narrow escapes, carnage in Taliban slaughter
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi today attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s style of functioning, saying that he wants complete power in his hands.
“Prime Ministerji has a different thinking… that he has complete power in his hands… that the entire country is run by sitting in Delhi and all works are carried out and the entire development is supervised from Delhi,” Gandhi, who attended a function to mark 10th anniversary of Indira Gandhi Eye Hospital in Munshiganj area here, said.
“On the other hand, my thinking is that people should get benefits of Panchayti Raj, MNREGA, Right to Information and Right to Food and Education,” said Gandhi who is on a two-day visit to his constituency.
“This is the difference between the thinking of those in power and ours. We want to give power and strengthen women and youths,” he said.
“The government said that all the MPs select one village each in their respective constituencies, and I also adopted Jagdishpur but my constituency has 750 other villages and I think all the 750 villages should be developed as model villages,” he noted.
Downplaying US President Barack Obama’s praise for Modi’s efforts to shake up the “bureaucratic inertia” in India, the Congress Vice President said, “Praises are a different thing… people should know the truth.”
“I believe in working… poor should get the benefit,” he added.
Earlier, Gandhi visited the Indira Gandhi Eye Hospital on its 10th anniversary and enquired about the well-being of the patients undergoing treatment there.
“In a government survey conducted in Uttar Pradesh some time ago, Indira Gandhi Eye Hospital stood first and it is my aim that this hospital becomes one of the the best hospitals of the world,” he said.
He said as many as 15 lakh patients have been examined and two lakhs operated upon in the hospital. Two of its branches have been opened in Lucknow and Haryana and another will soon be opened in Gurgaon.
Rahul also laid the foundation stone of a community college in Munshiganj to be set up by Rajiv Gandhi Charitable Trust.

Target one billion: Coal India puts mine wise plans for 925 mt production in place2018-19: 780
2019-20: 925 
Together, the 92 blocks are expected to produce 310 MT. Some 57 of these blocks would be reserved for the power sector, of which 34 would be allocated to government companies.
“These (coal blocks) will be primarily for power sector because when we analysed the number of coal blocks to be put for auction, we discovered that sufficient number of coal blocks were not available for power sector,” Swarup said.
The ministry has already come out with draft rules under a coal ordinance. It has also tabled a Bill in Parliament for changes in the Coal Mining Nationalisation Act and Mines and Mineral Development & Regulation Act.
The Bill has tightened the definition of a government company over what was spelt out in the ordinance.
A government company would not only be one which has 51 per cent equity; no single non-government entity would be allowed more than 26 per cent.
In November, the government had announced auctioning of 74 blocks in the first phase, comprising 42 blocks which are already into production and 32 which are ready for production.
Increase sale price to make mines viable: WCL
Coal India subsidiary Western Coalfields Ltd is seeking special dispensation from the government on the sale price of coal. In order to achieve 60 million tonne production by 2019-20 from about 45 million tonne in 2015-16. In a presentation to the government, it said if the sale price of WCL is increased by Rs 500 a tonne for G-8 and G-9 grades as a special case, then some unviable projects would become viable on notified price.
There are five projects which could be brought on stream once they turn viable. These include four open cast mines at Singori, Hindustan Lalpeth, Kamptee Deep and Padmapur, one underground mine at Dhau North. Together these mines can bring in 9.15 million tonne into production by March 2018 with the first 0.80 million tonne production coming onstream in November 2015 itself. Besides, commerciality of certain ongoing projects would also improve.
WCL plans to ramp up production from 45 mt next year, to 50 mt in 2017-18 and further 60 mt by 2019-20.

Announcement of WC 2015 probables marks end of an eraAnnouncement of WC 2015 probables marks end of an era
Dhruv Munjal | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 07:29 PM IST
Virender Sehwag came out in the papers on Wednesday and said that he was hoping to find a place in India’s preliminary 30-man squad for the 2015 World Cup to be held in Australia and New Zealand. Well, even if Sehwag had remarkably been included in preliminary squad, there was a scant chance of him making the final 15. He may have expressed his desire to play in another World Cup, but the Sandeep Patil-led selection panel thought otherwise. And maybe rightly so.
Along with Sehwag, discarded seniors Yuvraj Singh, Gautam Gambhir and Harbhajan Singh have also missed their bus to the mega showdown. Zaheer Khan, who hasn’t played since India’s tour to New Zealand earlier this year hasn't made the probables list either.
The selectors seem to have stuck with their faith in the younger bunch, with captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Amit Mishra and Murali Vijay the only players over 30 in the squad. The current crop of players has done exceedingly well in limited overs cricket in the last couple of months, winning against England and comprehensively beating West Indies and Sri Lanka at home.
Sehwag’s omission should come as no surprise. The 36-year-old’s recent form has been far from impressive. With the exception of an 80 he scored against Haryana last month, his fortunes with the bat have been largely dismal. His last four scores read 9, 20, 11 and 0 . Not the kind of form you expect from a man desperate to make the World Cup squad.  Moreover, it was virtually impossible for Sehwag to dislodge Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma or Ajinkya Rahane from one of the opening slots. The trio has been in dazzling form off late. Sehwag last played for India in a one-day international in January 2013, and the chances of him wearing the India blue again look grim.
Harbahajan’s form in domestic cricket has also been dispiriting. He has bagged just three scalps in his last five outings for Punjab. Also, with Ravichandran Ashwin establishing himself as the team’s frontline off-spinner, it was always going to be a surprise to see the Punjab offie’s name on the list. Yuvraj, in spite of being given ample opportunities, has failed to cement a place in the Indian team and the selectors seem to have lost patience. With the likes of Ambati Rayadu, Suresh Raina and Rohit Sharma fitting into the middle order well, the ageing legs of Yuvraj were always going to be a surplus to requirement.
The selectors’ decision to entrust their faith in youth is a clear indication that reputation counts for little when it comes to sport. With the same set of players performing well over the last couple of months, the selectors may already have made decided their final 15 and the announcement of the preliminary 30 looks like a mere formality. Players like Parvez Rasool, Kuldeep Yadav and Sanju Samson would like to believe differently. Let’s wait till January 7.
India's 30-man probables list: MS Dhoni, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Robin Uthappa, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ambati Rayudu, Kedar Jadhav, Manoj Tiwary, Manish Pandey, Wriddhiman Saha, Sanju Samson, R Ashwin, Parvez Rasool, Karn Sharma, Amit Mishra, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Ishant Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Stuart Binny, Mohit Sharma, Ashoke Dinda, Kuldeep Yadav and Murali Vijay.

Axis Bank raises Rs 5 705 crore via infra bond saleAxis Bank raises Rs 5,705 crore via infra bond sale
BS Reporter | Kolkata Dec 05, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Axis Bank, India’s third largest private-sector lender, on Tuesday said it had raised Rs 5,705 crore by selling infrastructure bonds. The 10-year senior unsecured redeemable non-convertible debentures (NCDs) were priced at 8.85 per cent a year, payable annually.
The NCDs have been rated AAA by CRISIL and ICRA. The bonds will be allotted to eligible investors on Friday.
The bank plans to use this money to strengthen its long-term resources for financing sectors like infrastructure and affordable housing.
“We are pleased to have received a very good response for the infrastructure bonds from domestic as well as foreign investors. This issue was launched immediately after our recent international bond offering and generated very good response from pension, provident funds, mutual funds, multilateral financial institutions, foreign financial institutions and insurance companies,” Sidharth Rath, president (treasury, business banking and capital markets), Axis Bank, said.
The bank claimed it was the single largest issue of unsecured redeemable non-convertible debentures by a private issuer in recent times. Life Insurance Corporation and International Finance Corporation, Washington, were among its investors.
The issue was managed by the debt capital markets team of Axis Bank.

DVRs index inclusion decison next yearDVRs index inclusion decison next year
Sneha Padiyath | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 10:49 PM IST
The decision to include differential voting rights (DVR) shares — with higher dividends and lower voting rights — in the benchmark indices might come early next year.
BSE's index provider Asia Index Private said in an email response that the responses to a consultation paper floated by it last month were under review and the results would be announced separately. Asia Index Private is a 50-50 partnership between S&P Dow Jones Indices and the BSE.
"We have received responses from a number of asset managers and institutional investors," said Alka Banerjee, managing director, equity indices product management, S&P Dow Jones Indices. "Decisions are taken after the index committee has an opportunity to review all the responses. The results will come out in early 2015."
The consultation paper titled Review of Differential Voting Rights Shares in S&P BSE Benchmark Indices was released on November 3 and the deadline for the feedback on its website was December 1, 2014.
"We have received market commentary that to reflect the true size of a company and market segment, DVRs should be included in the indices," said the consultation paper.
The benchmark indices, according to the paper, have been recognised as S&P BSE Sensex, S&P BSE 100 index, S&P BSE 200 index, S&P BSE 500 index, S&P BSE Midcap index and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index.
DVRs are shares much like the common shares of a company except in that they reward investors with higher dividends in return for lower voting rights and trade at a discount to the common shares. Globally, a DVR trades at a 10-15 per cent discount to its common stock. Inclusion of the DVR in an index would lower the discount between the common stock and the DVR, analysts said.
It also allows companies to raise money from the market without diluting stake.
Currently, fours DVRs are traded on the BSE - Tata Motors, Future Retail, Gujarat NRE Coke and Jain Irrigation. The most popular among these is the Tata Motors DVR, while trading in the others remains lacklustre. Tata Motors has a free-float of Rs 16,771 crore and has a two-week trading average of 147,000 shares.
Some in the market believe the inclusion of DVRs could help provide liquidity in these stocks and provide an opportunity for investors looking for higher returns.
However, others believe the double-representation of shares is rendered meaningless in an index.
"An index is meant to reflect a company's financial performance, not its share price returns. There is no rationale behind having two instruments of the same company in one index. Why do you need that kind of duplication?" said S P Tulsian, an independent financial analyst.
The DVR market in India has long-struggled to find a foothold as trading volumes in these instruments remain very thin.
"It is unlikely that DVRs will find a place in the main index and there are hardly any index-funds or exchange-traded funds that are benchmarked to the secondary indices for there to be any real-demand for returns by investors. Overall, it will not make much of a difference," said Rikesh Parikh, vice-present (equities), Motilal Oswal Securities.
An email query sent to India Index Services & Products - the index provider for NSE - did not elicit a response.

DoT selects mjunction to conduct auctionDoT selects mjunction to conduct auction
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 04, 2014 06:30 PM IST
The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) has selected Kolkata-based mjunction services for conducting the next round of spectrum auction, scheduled in February next year.
"Pursuant to the conditions laid down in RFD...mjunction services limited...Has been selected as agency for conducting e-auction of spectrum in various bands," DoT said in a statement. DoT had shortlisted three companies -- mjunction services; a consortium led by Karnataka State Electronics Development Corporation and C1 India for the job. "The unopened financial bids and EMD of other bidders will be returned shortly," DoT said.
The auctioneer will be selected for three years and DoT may extend the contract for one more year. The DoT is selecting auctioneer to operate auction of spectrum across various bands which are --700, 800, 900, 1,800, 2,100, 2,300 and 2,500 MHz bands.
The department will pay auctioneer a percentage of difference between the reserve price of spectrum and the final price derived through the process as quoted by the auctioneer in its bid.
In a statement, mjunction said it will be conducting these auctions on a Simultaneous Multiple Round Auctions (SMRA) platform.

Gutenberg: the original tech disrupterDecember 4, 2014 2:08 pm
Was Gutenberg really the original tech disrupter?
By Alix Christie
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c02793a-7a0c-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No one knows exactly what Gutenberg invented  says Alix Christie. Historians are now trying to find outDecember 4, 2014 2:08 pm
Was Gutenberg really the original tech disrupter?
By Alix Christie
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c02793a-7a0c-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Leh and Rishikesh in Tripadvisor s Asia  top 10 destinations on the rise for 2015  listIndia ranks 65th on tourism competitiveness index
Tripadvisor has revealed the Travellers’ Choice Destinations on the Rise for 2015 – 2013 winner from India ‘Jaipur (#9)’ knocked off this year.
This list includes 52 spots around the world that have seen the greatest increase in positive feedback and interest from the TripAdvisor community, year-over-year.
This year two Indian destinations have made it to the coveted list, Leh (Rank # seven) and Rishikesh (Rank #10) as opposed to just one last year. In addition to Asia and world, Travellers’ Choice Destinations on the Rise lists were also unveiled for the US, Europe, South America, and the South Pacific.
“The TripAdvisor community has helped surface some unheralded destinations across the globe that are receiving rave reviews from travellers worldwide,” said Barbara Messing, chief marketing officer for TripAdvisor.
Travellers’ Choice Destinations on the Rise – Asia
1. Da Nang, Vietnam
Located between Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, this destination is known for its tranquil beaches, culinary tours, and Buddhist sanctuaries. TripAdvisor reviewers suggest a visit to the historic Marble Mountains where the ‘panoramic scenery is breathtaking.’ For an authentic Vietnamese meal, travellers should not miss Lam Vien Restaurant. (122 Hotels, 203 Restaurants, 74 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$51.04)
2. Sihanoukville, Cambodia
Surrounded by the Bay of Thailand, Sihanoukville is a spectacular beach town that offers premier snorkelling and diving. TripAdvisor reviewers describe Ream National Park as ‘a true tropical forest.’ After exploring, travellers should check out Martini Beach, a great place to eat and marvel at the sunset. (53 Hotels, 197 Restaurants, 61 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$99.35)
3. Ao Nang, Thailand
Beloved by travellers for its world class beaches and water sports, Ao Nang in Krabi is quickly growing in popularity. One TripAdvisor reviewer described Phra Nang Beach as ‘beautiful, clean and pristine. In between swimming and sun bathing, travellers are invited to dine on incredible Thai food at Tom Ma Yom, which offers prawns, papaya salad, and more. (87 Hotels, 157 Restaurants, 78 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$68.40)
4. Naha, Japan
Located on the southern coast of Okinawa Island, Naha is known for its historic monuments and majestic gardens. One traveller noted that Shurijo Castle has been rebuilt to give visitors a ‘real feel’ for ancient castles. TripAdvisor reviewers also rave about the traditional Okinawan cuisine at Yunangi noting, ‘It’s well worth the wait.’ (102 Hotels, 1,059 Restaurants, 82 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$84.38)
5. Malé, Maldives
As the island capital of Maldives, Male has its own distinctive character where travellers can have a taste of true Maldivian culture before heading out to the archipelago of islands. TripAdvisor reviewers describe the Old Friday Mosque as containing ‘one of the most important woodcarvings and laquerwork in the country. Hungry travellers can drop by Sala Thai Restaurant. (38 Hotels, 89 Restaurants, 24 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$275.20)
6. Baku, Azerbaijan
From its time as a Persian capital to its Soviet occupation, Baku, the capital city of Azerbaijan, is steeped in heritage. Visit Old City Baku to explore its maze of little cobble-stoned streets, caravansaries, palaces, churches and mosques, as well as the Maiden’s Tower, a UNESCO World Heritage Site which is also one of the most noted landmarks and Azerbaijan’s most distinctive national symbol. (92 Hotels, 51 Restaurants, 213 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$162.64)
7. Leh, India
Surrounded by mountains, Leh is a picturesque city that used to be the capital of the Himalayan kingdom of Ladakh. With monasteries such as Thiksey Monastery in close proximity for travellers looking for a spiritual retreat and peace and positivity, the landscape of Leh also provides of numerous adventure activities. (51 Hotels, 53 Restaurants, 52 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$85.21)
8. Kandy, Sri Lanka
Kandy was the last capital of the ancient kings of Sri Lanka before becoming a British colony in 1815. The city still retains much of the Sinhalese tradition, and was declared a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1988. Travellers looking for a place to rest can visit Slightly Chilled Lounge Bar for the excellent view of Kandy lake and the surrounding city. (50 Hotels, 73 Restaurants, 75 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$107.27)
9. Yerevan, Armenia
Yerevan has been the capital of Armenia since 1918. The city is immensely rich in history, having been under Arab, Ottoman, Persian and Soviet rule in the past. TripAdvisor reviewers recommend a visit to The Museum of Ancient Manuscripts for excellent display of many Armenian documents going back over a thousand years. For a taste of Armenian cuisine with a French twist, travellers should not miss The Club Yerevan. (50 Hotels, 279 Restaurants, 73 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$125.97)
10. Rishikesh, India
Rishikesh, located at the base of the Himalayas, is also famously known as the World Capital of Yoga, drawing visitors from all around the world including The Beatles in the 1960s. The Beatles Ashram is the exact site that the Beatles visited almost 50 years ago which TripAdvisor reviewers describe as having a great and powerful energy. For an eatery with a similar relaxing ambience, travellers can visit Bistro Nirvana for a meal. (40 Hotels, 68 Restaurants, 66 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$59.62)
TAGS: TripAdvisor
More from lifestyle
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

Tilakwada teacher dies after suicide attempt; widow blames DEO for bribe mental torture andbribePosted: December 4, 2014 8:10 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 8:11 pm
 
The death of a primary school teacher from Narmada’s Tilakwada taluka, Ranchhod Baria, after a suicide attempt, has stirred a controversy after his widow blamed the District Education Officer (DEO) for “mental torture” with demand for a bribe of Rs 50,000 to transfer Baria to a school of his choice.
Baria , who had consumed pesticide to end his life on November 26, remained in a comatose state in a local  hospital and succumbed on Wednesday night. His widow, Mina, has alleged  in her application to the police  that the Narmada DEO Arvind Patel’s “mental torture” drove her husband, who has worked as a primary school teacher for over 30 years, to suicide.
A resident of Fatehpur village in Tilakwada, Baria, who was serving as a primary school teacher in Amalia village in Tilakwada for the last one year, was transferred to another government primary school in Savli village of the taluka on November 11. However, according to the teacher’s widow, Mina, “My husband was transferred to Savli government primary school on November 11 and when he went there, the Principal told him that he had heard about his inefficiency as  a teacher   and did not want him to teach the children there. Disappointed, my husband decided to approach the DEO on the same day. I accompanied him to the DEO office in Rajpipla where the DEO insulted my husband and abused him, rejecting his pleas.” Mina says, a day later on November 12, Baria received a phone call, allegedly from the office of the DEO who asked Baria to pay Rs 50000 to seek a “transfer to a government school of his choice”. Mina says that Baria began collecting the money to pay for the transfer as the Principal of Savli school had refused to allow him to report to duty. She alleges that on November 26, after collecting Rs 30000, Baria received a call from a mobile number 9712749493, asking him to wait at the highway junction near Utavadi in Tilakwada. “When the man arrived there, he abused my husband and pushed him into the gutter because he was not able to manage the entire sum of Rs 50000. My husband returned home with the rejected money and took the drastic step,” Mina said, adding that the cell phone number had been switched off ever since Baria consumed the pesticide.
When contacted,  Patel  denied Mina’s allegations of having demanded a bribe from Baria and said, “The teacher Ranchhod Baria was transferred as part of the procedure to shift teachers in surplus from one school to where they are needed. He did not report to work at the Savli school after his transfer and we had even sent him a reminder to join work by registered post. He has not given any written application seeking transfer of expressing his disappointment to us continued…

Maharashtra: NCP  Cong tussle for opposition leaders post seemscertainBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 8:10 pm
With Shiv Sena deciding to join the BJP government in Maharashtra, NCP and Congress on Thursday rubbished each other’s claim for the post of leader of opposition in the Legislative Assembly.
The post is currently held by Sena’s Eknath Shinde. NCP chief Sunil Tatkare on Thursday said that his party would claim the post. On account of the pre-poll alliance with Bahujan Vikas Agadhi which won three seats and independent legislator from Badnera Ravi Rana, NCP’s strength in the Assembly is 45, he said.
Congress has 42 MLAs while NCP, singly, 41. In the Legislative Council, NCP is the largest party with 28 seats.
“There is a precedent in the Lok Sabha where Congress took our letter of support to claim leader of opposition’s post. So we can also try,” Tatkare said.
However, state Congress chief Manikrao Thakre called this comparison “laughable”.
Tatkare rejected the charge that Sena joining the government was a loss of face for NCP which extended outside support to BJP immediately after the poll results.
“Our stand was always clear. We were nowhere near (forming) the government and were opposition party. We extended outside support for stability. Now that the government looks stable, we will perform the role of opposition,” he said.
Congress spokesperson Sachin Sawant said NCP’s claim for leader of opposition’s post was not based on facts and ethics. “Our claim is strong,” he said.
To a question whether NCP will take the lead to ensure opposition unity, Tatkare said streamlining the opposition will take time as the main opposition party (Shiv Sena) had just joined the government.

Narendra Modis trips have helped revive neglected foreign ties: SushmaSwarajBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 4, 2014 7:51 pm
Amid criticism of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s frequent foreign tours, the government on Thursday said the trips have advanced the pursuit of secure and stable environment that India needs besides reviving long “neglected” important ties.
Making a suo motu statement on Prime Minister’s recent foreign visits, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj told the Rajya Sabha that Modi had met around 45 international leaders from every inhabited continent of the world in the recent months.
In her statement, she said the Prime Minister had in the past few months laid out a clear vision of India’s role and place in the world, signalled willingness to assume leadership expected from the world’s largest democracy, and demonstrated ability to turn commitments in to action.
“We have revived important relationships that have long suffered from neglect. We have shown our will to speak clearly on our security interests and defend them robustly,” she said.
The country’s pursuit of global aspirations has been accompanied by global engagement, she said amid din created by opposition parties over controversial remarks made by Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti.
These visits will contribute in a significant measure to the mission of accelerating economic growth, boosting investment, creating jobs and transforming the quality of life of our people, she said in the statement on the recent trips of Modi to the US, Myanmar, Australia, Fiji and Nepal.
Her justification of the Prime Minister’s foreign visits came against the backdrop of criticism by some parties. RJD chief Lalu Prasad had called him an “NRI” while some leaders made some other sarcastic comments about his being away during Parliament session.
Swaraj gave details of the engagements and outcome of these visits along with foreign policy engagement ever since the NDA government came to power in May.
“Prime Minister has consistently advocated a proactive and innovative approach to foreign policy that is aligned with our government’s primary goal of accelerating national economic development.
“India needs access to capital, technology, resources, energy, markets and skills; a secure environment, a peaceful neighbourhood and a stable world; and an open and stable global trading system,” the External Affairs Minister said.
Talking about the country’s engagement with the US, she said it also “helped secure” India’s interests on food security in the WTO and advance the negotiations on the Doha Development Round of WTO.
She said Modi’s strong belief in a shared future of India’s neighbourhood reflected in several concrete steps like participation of leaders from neighbouring countries at the swearing in ceremony on May 26, his choice of Bhutan as his first foreign destination, and his visit to Nepal, “which was sadly, the first visit by an Indian Prime Minister in 17 years to our closest neighbour”.
The Prime Minister has paid special attention to reach out to the Indian community abroad on a scale that is unmatched, Swaraj said, adding the Indian community abroad has also responded enthusiastically to his call to participate in the country’s transformation, she added.
She said the government has moved with “rarely seen” speed and resolve to rebuild India’s partnerships across the world, continued…

http://usat.ly/1vQlsXYVideo: Best- and worst-run states
Last-place Illinois lost more than 137,000 residents between the middle of 2010 and July 2013.
Post to Facebook
Video: Best- and worst-run states Last-place Illinois lost more than 137,000 residents between the middle of 2010 and July 2013. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CIBOId
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
103
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Video: Best- and worst-run states
Alexander E.M. Hess, Thomas C. Frohlich, Alexander Kent and Ashley C. Allen, 24/7 Wall St. 9:44 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Video Keywords Alan Moore pension liabilities Mississippi Dakota North Dakota Wyoming Rhode Island Nebraska Illinois Indianapolis Kentucky Iowa Iran Chicago Mexico
Doug McIntyre lays out the results of 24/7 Wall Street's 2014 study pf the best run states in America.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  That strong states are actually clustered together they have low
00:06  populations. And to be dominated wondered do. Very successful industries North
00:13  Dakota Wyoming Nebraska. Iowa. And that's a lot of oil on
00:20  agriculture and knees and Ares goes. These states have also been
00:25  able to take a large amount and on the white and
00:28  put it in the areas like and so the most part
00:32  these states also have very well loved and and that means
00:36  government obligations while law worst drop the State's starting with the
00:40  worse. Mexico. Mississippi Rhode Island and could top. The southern states.
00:49  Have pockets of very won't be. The eastern part of Kentucky
00:53  has been fascinated. The drop in the cold. Northern half of
00:58  Mississippi has always been very very war. RI is a little
01:03  different it was heavily industrialized. And he can look and the
01:07  knuckles on. Industry has left the air almost completely gone overseas.
01:12  And a lot of the big banks weren't in the larger
01:15  banks woman you know job in Illinois is an example of
01:19  a badly Iran. The state in general was relatively healthy Chicago
01:24  economy has felt the Indianapolis. They. Don't look at Alan Moore
01:30  yeah. Really got bad state managed only 39%. Of the State's
01:36  pension liabilities on the and the state reserves are half a
01:41  percent of the general Juan. So if you take the outside
01:45  measurements. Illinois. People really don't. Want rating agencies. Wouldn't it be
01:53  they give it one remarkably low ratings and that is because
01:58  government has badly damaged and not because. A state like Mississippi
02:03  would have problems it can't work because of them.
Illinois lost more than 137,000 residents due to migration between the middle of 2010 and July 2013.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
19740 CONNECT 566 TWEET 200 LINKEDIN 103 COMMENTEMAILMORE
How well run is your state? Assessing a state's management quality is hardly easy. The current economic climate and standard of living in any given state are not only the results of policy choices and developments that occurred in the last few years, but can also be affected by decisions made decades ago, and by forces outside a state's control.
Each year, 24/7 Wall St. attempts to answer this question by surveying various aspects of each state. To determine how well states are managed, we examine key financial ratios, as well as social and economic outcomes. This year, North Dakota is the best-run state in the country for the third consecutive year, while Illinois replaced California as the worst-run state.
Selecting appropriate criteria to compare the 50 states is difficult because there is so much variation among the states. As a result, policy decisions that may work in one state might not work in another. Some states are rich in natural resources, while others rely on high-skilled sectors such as technology and business services. Some depend disproportionately on one industry, while others' economies are more balanced. Further, some states are more rural, while others are highly urbanized and densely populated.
This year, a number of the best-run states again benefit from an abundance of natural resources. North Dakota, Wyoming, Alaska, and Texas are among the top 10 best-run states, and in all four, the mining industry — which includes fossil fuel extraction — is a major contributor to state GDP. Due in large part to the mining sector, North Dakota and Wyoming led the nation in real GDP growth in 2013. And Alaska has utilized its oil wealth to build massive state reserves and to pay its residents an annual dividend.
Although less than in years past, the lingering effects of the housing crisis still have a negative impact on several of the worst-run states. In five of the 10 worst-run states — Arizona, Georgia, Illinois, New Jersey, and Rhode Island — home values declined by 10% or more between 2009 and 2013. Worse still, in states such as Arizona and Rhode Island, the housing market remains well below its peak, reached just before the start of the recent recession.
MORE: States with the widest gap between rich and poor
While some states' economic fortunes are closely tied to the rise and fall of individual industries, which are often outside their control, each state must make the best of its own situation. Governments, as stewards of their own economies, need to prepare for the worst, including the collapse of a vital industry. Good governance is about balancing tax collection and state expenditure in a way that provides essential services to residents without sacrificing a state's long-term fiscal health. Many of the best-run states in the country set money aside each year for emergencies. Should the Alaskan economy run into trouble, the state has enough money in reserve to match more than 21 months of general fund spending.
The scale and complexity of state institutions often make addressing problems at the state level extremely difficult. As a result, our list of the best- and worst-run states tends to remain largely unchanged from one year to the next.
There were a few states that made remarkable improvements, however. California, Colorado, Florida, and Hawaii all moved up by at least 10 positions on our ranking. Improvements in important factors, such as GDP growth and home value increases, contributed to improved rankings in a number of these states.
MORE: The most dangerous cities in America
Some of the changes in rankings can be attributed to states' GDP per capita levels and labor force growth, both of which were incorporated in our analysis for the first time this year. For example, California's GDP per capita of $53,497 in 2013, 12th highest in the nation, helped it move up on this list. Also, Florida's ranking was bolstered by a 3.8% increase in the labor force between 2009 and 2013, the fourth highest.
To determine how well each state is run, 24/7 Wall St. examined data from numerous sources. From the U.S. Census Bureau, we looked at each state's finances for the 2012 fiscal year, including revenue, tax collection, pension funding, debt, and expenditure. In order to identify how each state's economy was performing, we reviewed data on unemployment rates, exports, and GDP. We looked at poverty, educational attainment, violent crime rates, and foreclosures to assess social outcomes and residents' well-being.
While each state is different, states at both ends of the list share certain characteristics. For example, people living in the worst-run states were apt to have lower standards of living. Violent crime rates were typically higher in these states, and the share of the population in poverty or with at least a high school diploma was lower than the national rate.
The worst-run states also tended to have weak fiscal management, reflected by low pension funding, sparsely padded coffers, and poor credit ratings from Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's (S&P). Illinois, the worst-run state in America, received lower ratings than any other state from both agencies. By contrast, the majority of the 10 best-run states had perfect ratings from both agencies.
Unemployment rates were also relatively low in the nation's best-run states. North Dakota, the top-ranked state, had an unemployment rate of 2.9% last year, the best in the U.S. In all, eight of the 10 best-run states were among the 10 states with the lowest unemployment rates. Meanwhile, unemployment was much more prevalent in the worst-run states. Illinois and Rhode Island, both among the lowest-rated states, also had the nation's second- and third-worst unemployment rates in 2013, at 9.2% and 9.5%.
BEST-RUN STATES
> Debt per capita: $2,880 (19th lowest)
> Credit Rating (S&P/Moody's): AAA/Aa1
> 2013 unemployment rate: 2.9% (the lowest)
> Median household income: $55,759 (19th highest)
> Poverty rate: 11.8% (10th lowest)
North Dakota is 24/7 Wall St.'s best-run state for a third consecutive year. People have been flocking to North Dakota: more than 5% of the population in 2013 had migrated from another state or country since 2010. One reason for this is the surging economy. Last year, the state's GDP rose by 9.7%, the most in the nation. Much of this growth came from the mining industry, which includes oil and gas extraction. In recent years, oil extraction in North Dakota has grown exponentially, driven by drilling in the Bakken formation. This has made the state the second largest oil producer behind Texas. Job growth has also been rapid. North Dakota's 2.9% unemployment rate was the lowest in the nation last year.

http://usat.ly/1vlNiaO5 things we learned from November auto sales
Fred Meier , USA TODAY 6:14 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
It's our monthly countdown of the to 20 best-selling vehicles. Here, for November, in 20th place, down from 19th, is Jeep Grand Cherokee 
(Photo: Chrysler)
In 19th place, emerging from off the chart last month, is Volkswagen's Jetta 
(Photo: Frederic J. Brown, AFP/Getty Images)
In 18th place, down from 16th, is Ford Explorer 
(Photo: Ford, Wieck)
In 17th place, unchanged despite a 66% sales gain over a year ago, is Jeep Cherokee 
(Photo: Jeep)
In 16th  place, up from 18th, is Hyundai Sonata 
(Photo: Hyundai)
In 15th place, unchanged from last month, is Chevrolet Equinox 
(Photo: Tom Drew)
In 14th place, down from 12th, is Ford Fusion, shown here as the hybrid 
(Photo: Ford)
In 13th place, unchanged, is Toyota RAV4 
(Photo: Toyota)
In 12th place, up from 14th, is GMC Sierra 
(Photo: Alan Vanderkaay)
In 11th place, unchanged, is Nissan Altima 
(Photo: Nissan)
In 10th place, having slipped from 9th, is Chevrolet Cruze 
(Photo: Chevrolet)
In 9th place, up from 10th, is Honda Civic 
(Photo: Honda, Wieck)
In 8th place, down from 6th, is Honda Accord 
(Photo: EVAN SEARS/Cars.com)
In 7th place, up from 8th, is Ford Escape 
(Photo: Ford, Wieck)
In 6th place, up from 7th, is Toyota Corolla 
(Photo: Toyota)
In 5th place, having fallen from 4th, is Toyota Camry 
(Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP)
In 4th place, up from 5th, is Honda CR-V 
(Photo: Honda, Wieck)
In 3rd place, unchanged, is Ram 
(Photo: John M.Discher)
In second place, where it usually can be found, is Chevrolet Silverado 
(Photo: Chevrolet)
Ford's F-150, now with a revolutionary aluminum body instead of steel, is, as always, No. 1 
(Photo: Ford)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
Honda CR-V was the best-selling vehicle in the U.S. in November that was NOT a pickup truck, passing the Toyota Camry.
(Photo: Honda, Wieck)
44 CONNECT 39 TWEET 30 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
A big Black Friday weekend finish — with heavy marketing by automakers and dealers that started early in the month — pushed November to a sales boom and ensured a strong finish for the year. Several automakers, including Subaru and Audi, were powered by November results to all-time annual U.S. sales records — with a month still to go.
With the economy picking up and credit still readily available and cheap, things are looking good for December.
And the strong November was not driven by a big boost in sales incentives — incentives were down vs. last year and last month — so automakers still have tools to make sure the year does not go out on a whimper.
November scorecard:
• The annualized sales rate for the month was 17.2 million vs. 16.29 million a year ago, according to Autodata. The overall industry sales increase was 4.6% compared to November 2013.
• The estimated average transaction price (what people actually paid) for new cars and trucks was $32,482, up $178 or .6% from November a year ago and down $62 or .2% from October, according to TrueCar.
• Sales incentives averaged $2,660 per vehicle, up .2% from a year ago and down 2.3% from last month, according to TrueCar.
Black Friday weekend  was a great time to buy a car and December could be even better, if last year is an indication. In 2013, two of the five days on which buyers averaged the highest discount off the sticker were on Black Friday weekend, but and the other three all were in December. Top days for discounts last year (with average discount):
Dec. 31, New Year's Eve: 8.82%
Dec. 2: 8.58%
Nov. 30: Thanksgiving Weekend, 8.17%
Dec. 20: 8.16%
Nov. 29: Black Friday 8.15%
"Automakers were keen marketers in November, tapping early into Black Friday magic to boost sales to levels not seen in more than a decade," said John Krafcik, president of TrueCar in a statement. "While deals were good, automakers held the line on incentives while boosting average transaction prices 1%."
In the latest USA TODAY monthly Auto Sales Breakdown here are five things we learned from November sales reports:
The 2015 Subaru Legacy -- not much to buzz about,. But Subie sold nearly twice as many Legacy sedans in Novmeber as it did a year earlier. 
(Photo: Subaru)
A little racy-looking,but really, what's the big deal? Must be somewhere, because shoppers picked up 80% more Subaru WRX sedans in November than they did a year earlier. 
(Photo: Subaru)
The 2015 VW Jetta -- updated but you'd hardly notice. Still, VW sold 32% more of them in November than it did the year before, apparently to buyers who don't need fancy, or even different, looks. 
(Photo: James Halfacre)
The 2015 Buick Encore, a city-size crossover SUV that's gone from loner to forerunner of the new urban-ute craze. All it did in November was sell nearly twice as many as the year before. 
(Photo: Tom Drew)
The 2015 Jeep Compass is more car than SUV but buyers still like it, snapping up 16% more in November than they did a year ago. 
(Photo: AJ Mueller)
The 2015 Jeep Patriot is similar mechanically to the Jeep Compass, but has the advantage of looking like a real Jeep. Buyers found something to like, signing for 47% more of them in November than they did a year before. 
(Photo: Jeep)
Toyota's Scion XB is -- literally -- the squarest of the hip, youth-oriented car line, and the only one that sold worth noting in November -- up only 7%, but other Scions and most Toyotas lost ground. 
(Photo: Scion)
Corolla compact sedan was the only serious sales performer among Toyota-brand cars in November, up about 14% while nearly every other Toyota car reported declining sales. 
(Photo: Toyota)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

http://usat.ly/1CIJJ8qFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks fall as Europe indexes take ECB hit
U.S. stocks ended lower Thursday, taking the cue of European indexes after Europe's central bank held off on implementing a U.S.-style stimulus.
Post to Facebook
Stocks fall as Europe indexes take ECB hit U.S. stocks ended lower Thursday, taking the cue of European indexes after Europe's central bank held off on implementing a U.S.-style stimulus. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CIJJ8q
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks fall as Europe indexes take ECB hit
Kim Hjelmgaard , USA TODAY 5:46 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
44 CONNECT 92 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
U.S. stocks ended lower Thursday, taking a cue from Europe after Europe's central bank held off on implementing a U.S.-style stimulus.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA ended down 13 points, or 0.1%, at 17,900.10. The S&P 500 SPX and Nasdaq Composite COMP also both lost 0.1%.
In Asia earlier, China's Shanghai Composite index took a giant leap -- rocketing 4.3% higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index added 0.9%.
The number of people seeking unemployment benefits slipped below 300,000 last week, after having spiked above that level in the prior week for the first time in nearly three months.
European Central Bank head Mario Draghi says the bank has "stepped up" preparations for launching new stimulus measures for the economy — but expects to make a decision on any further steps early next year.
Draghi didn't unveil further stimulus programs on Thursday after the bank left its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 0.05%. The rate decision was expected as the bank says the benchmark is so low it cannot be reduced further.
Monthly Markets Checkup: 6 things for December
The DAX of Germany and the CAC 40 of France ended down 1.2% and 1.6%, respectively, after having been positive before the ECB's announcement and Draghi's news conference.
Sears Holdings ( SHLD ) posted a disappointing third quarter Thursday that saw revenue, earnings, and sales at stores open at least a year all fall as the retailer tries to salvage its business. Sears shares fell 4.4%.
Both Chinese and Japanese shares rose sharply as the dollar traded at its strongest level against the yen since 2007. The greenback briefly touched 119.95 yen before falling back slightly.
Gold prices slipped while oil futures climbed.
On Wednesday, the Dow and S&P 500 notched all-time closing highs as economic reports showed steady growth on jobs and in other fronts.
On Friday, the Labor Department will release its closely watched survey on employment, expected to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.
Contributing: The Associated Press.
44 CONNECT 92 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CIJJ8q
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

MCFL appoints Mallya s step-mother Ritu Mallya as DirectorDec 04, 2014, 07.38 PM IST  | Source: PTI
MCFL appoints Mallya's step-mother Ritu Mallya as Director
In a surprise move on December 1, Mallya had resigned as director of the Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), which is the target of a takeover battle between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCFL appoints Mallya's step-mother Ritu Mallya as Director
In a surprise move on December 1, Mallya had resigned as director of the Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), which is the target of a takeover battle between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group.
Post your opinion here
 
Days after resignation of Vijay Mallaya from UB group firm MCFL , the fertiliser company Thursday announced appointment of his step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect.
In a surprise move on December 1, Mallya had resigned as director of the Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), which is the target of a takeover battle between
Deepak Fertilisers  and Zuari Group.
In a filing to the BSE, MCFL said, "... the company's Board of Directors has appointed Mrs Ritu Mallya as a Director of the Company with immediate effect."
Vijay Mallya had resigned within days of minority shareholders of United Spirits rejected as many as 9 of 12 resolutions, including some pertaining to pacts with entities connected to erstwhile promoter Vijay Mallya.
The UB group has been seeing continuous troubles on various fronts for the last couple of years, beginning with a major cash crunch and high debt at once-luxury airline Kingfisher, forcing it be grounded in October 2012.
The group, which is also engaged in legal tussle with lenders, later sold a controlling stake in its prized unit  United Spirits to Diageo while some other assets where also
divested in other businesses and two rival bidders came up
from MCFL.
58-year old Mallya's resignation at MCFL comes in the middle of an intense takeover battle between Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers for wresting control of the UB group firm, which has a urea plant at Mangalore.
In the battle for control of MCFL, Mallya had sided with Zuari group and launched the counter open offer to ward off the takeover bid of Deepak Fertilizers.
After the open offers of both Deepak and rival Zuari-UB group closed on October 20, Deepak Fertilisers' stake in MCFL increased by about 6 percent through an open offer to about 32 percent and inched closer towards the rival Zuari-UB group's combined stake of 38.4 percent.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 percent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 percent stake in MCFL in one-go in July 2013. After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 percent in the same month.
The board of MCFL is being restructured to include two representatives of Poddar's Adventz Group.
RELATED NEWS

IIT Kanpur students turn down Rs 1-crore package69
0
Kanpur: Considerations of professional fulfilment and a desire to pursue higher studies have trumped offers of eight-figure salaries during placements at IIT Kanpur as four students chose to turn down jobs which would have paid them more than Rs 1 crore yearly.
It is not everyday that a job-seeker turns down a Rs 1 crore offer and the decision by four of them - three boys and a girl student - at the premier technological institute is sure to create a flutter, especially when two of them are said to have settled for lower salaries in order to work in profiles which they found to be more suitable for themselves.
According to the chairman of the IIT-Kanpur Placement Cell, Prof Deepu Philip, the remaining two male students have opted for higher studies over signing up to join any company. Philip, who refused to divulge the names of the four students, said that the offers were made yesterday by a multinational company during placement interviews on their campus.
In one of the fattest pay packages offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur was a few days back offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs 1.5 crore.
#iit kanpur #package #students #iit
"The offer to these four students was for a take home of USD 150,000, or close to Rs 93 lakh per annum. Along with other incentives and perks, the size of the package was more than Rs 1 crore yearly," Philip told PTI today.
"The girl student and one of the boys declined the offer saying it did not match their temperament and that they wanted professional fulfilment from their jobs. The two have accepted offers of Rs 50 lakh per annum from a smaller company.
"The remaining two students said they want to focus on higher studies and were, therefore, not keen on taking up the Rs 1 crore offer," added Philip.
In one of the fattest pay packages offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur was a few days back offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs 1.5 crore. IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying "this brings unnecessary attention to the student".
IIT sources claimed that the 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
IIT Kanpur had kicked off its placement drive on December 1 with around 1,290 students from B.Tech, B.Tech Dual and M.Tech courses registering for the same. The placement drive will continue till December 24.
1480

Stocks Open Lower Following Losses in EuropeIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

NASA Scrubs Orion Launch; Will Try Again FridayIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Barnes & Noble  Microsoft End Nook DealIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

YURI KADOBNOV / AFP/Getty Imagesyuri kadobnov / afp/getty images
Same-sex marriage in Florida could begin in January  court rulesBy Hunter Schwarz December 4 Follow @hunterschwarz
Same-sex couples could marry in Florida as soon as Jan. 6. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston)
A federal appeals court ruled Wednesday to lift the stay in Florida’s case on marriage for same-sex couples.
A federal judge declared Florida’s marriage ban unconstitutional in August, but the clerk of the court of Washington County and secretaries of the Florida Department of Health and Department of Management Services requested a stay. The 11th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Wednesday against the request to extend the stay.
Barring further legal opposition, same-sex couples could marry in Florida beginning Jan. 6.
“The stories of the individuals represented in our case demonstrate that Florida’s ban on marriages for same-sex couples hurts Florida families, and we are hopeful that that harm will finally be coming to an end soon,” said ACLU of Florida attorney Daniel Tilley in a statement.
Hunter Schwarz covers state and local politics and policy across the country for the Washington Post.

Orion test flight scrubbed after gusty winds  balky valves cause delaysNASA’s next-generation unmanned capsule gets its first test flight.
Caption
NASA’s next-generation unmanned capsule gets its first test flight.
 Dec. 8, 2014 NASA’s Orion spacecraft is off-loaded from the back of the USS Anchorage at Naval Base San Diego in California. Mike Blake/Reuters
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
The months-long hype and anticipation leading up to Orion's test flight reached a crescendo this week as NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden cast the launch in history-making terms, saying that "Neil Armstrong and the Apollo astronauts paved the way for this day."
Speaking on NASA TV Thursday morning, he said that "Mars is the ultimately goal for this generation."
The Orion does not have any people on board. That's not expected to happen for another seven or eight years. But the test flight will go a long way to eventually getting humans further than they've every gone before, NASA officials say. One of the key tests will be Orion's heat shield, which will face temperatures of 4,000 degrees when the capsule barrels into the atmosphere at 20,000 mph. Officials from NASA and Lockheed Martin, the massive Bethesda-based contractor that built Orion, will also be watching to see how it performs the various "separating events," and how it handles the extreme radiation of deep space.
Another key test will be the series of parachutes that deploy to slow Orion down before it splashes down in the Pacific Ocean, which is expected to occur four hours and 25 minutes after takeoff.
Mark Geyer, NASA's Orion Program Manager, said that flying the Orion without a crew would allow NASA to test the most risky systems: "We intend to stress the systems and make sure they behave as we designed them to.”
The last time a spacecraft designed for human travel left Low Earth Orbit was the 1972 Apollo 17 mission, also the last time astronauts walked on the moon. Since then, human flights have been restricted to Low Earth Orbit, home to the International Space Station. But Thursday's flight will go 15 times as far.
Sometime in the 2020s, NASA plans to capture an  asteroid with a robotic spacecraft , then drag it to the moon’s orbit where it would connect with the Orion. Astronauts would then be able to take samples from the asteroid.
The big target, however, remains Mars. And Thursday’s test flight will help “put Mars within the reach of astronauts in the 2030s,” NASA says.
While the Orion was initially part of a program, called Constellation, designed to return to moon, its mission changed after the Obama administration killed Constellation and made Mars the goal. Thursday's mission would have used a Delta IV Heavy rocket, made by United launch Alliance, a joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin. But future Orion missions would use the new Space Launch System rocket, which is still being developed.
Bolden has called testing Orion "a continuation of what Apollo started."
"We've taken a 40-year hiatus," he said. "And now we're back on track."
Christian Davenport covers federal contracting for The Post's Financial desk. He joined The Post in 2000 and has served as an editor on the Metro desk and as a reporter covering military affairs. He is the author of "As You Were: To War and Back with the Black Hawk Battalion of the Virginia National Guard."

Fast-food workers march in Loop for higher minimum wageThe group of protesters began rallying at a McDonald’s at 600 N. Clark St. and a BP gas station in the 600 block of North LaSalle Street.
Shortly afterward, the gas station closed its doors to cheers from the workers, according to WGN-TV footage.
Fight for higher wages
Nancy Stone / Chicago Tribune
Fast-food workers, demanding a $15 per hour wage, walk through the Loop on Thursday.
Fast-food workers, demanding a $15 per hour wage, walk through the Loop on Thursday. (Nancy Stone / Chicago Tribune)
Protesters said they plan to speak on wage issues at a McDonald’s at 23 S. Clark St., at 7 a.m. After that, they said they will march through the Loop from 8 a.m. to 11 a.m.
@Randy Cuyler Yeah well in a small village at 8 or 9 PM there isn't much else open.
Mewmew1

Wall Street falls at open on ECB commentsWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

To grow over 30% YoY  launches aiding margins: Shakti PumpsTo grow over 30% YoY  launches aiding margins: Shakti Pumps
European shares edge higher  focus on ECB meetEuropean shares edge higher  focus on ECB meet
Glass or PET use: No last word yet from GovernmentHealth Ministry urged manufacturers to refrain from using plastic containers for products targeting children and old people
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
Glass bottles seem to have got a thumbs up from the Government, with the Health Ministry issuing a draft notification urging manufacturers to refrain from using plastic containers for products targeting children and old people, among others.
But the last word on the glass versus PET (Polyethylene Terephthalate) debate is far from heard, as the Health Ministry is yet to issue a final notification, after taking on board objections, a Ministry source familiar with the development told Business Line.
In a late September draft, the Health Ministry had indicated that industry would be given six months to adhere to the `Prohibition of use of PET or plastic containers for primary packaging of drug formulations for using in certain cases’ Rules, 2014 – after it was finally notified.
No manufacturer shall use PET or plastic containers in liquid or oral formulations for primary packaging of drug formulations for paediatric and geriatric use, and for use in the case of pregnant women and women of reproductive age group, the draft said.
Toxic affects
In favour or replacing plastic with glass, Hemant Thacker, a consultant cardiologist explained that the problem was with substances like pthalates that leached from the plastic into the medicine. They are “endocrine disrupters”, he said, that could lead to a host of health problems from thyroid to diabetes etc.
Echoing similar thoughts, Ketan Mehta, a consultant physician, cardiopulmonologist and diabetologist said that the longer the shelf-life of the product, the longer the problem. In terms of added cost to the consumer (if plastic was replaced by glass containers), he said, it would be about one to two per cent.
The Indian Medical Association’s (Maharashtra) representative, Jayesh Lele said that the added cost was a small one compared to the cost of treatment of ailments caused by leaching plastic that ranged from endocrine problems to malignancy.
Glass-manufacturing industry representatives clarified that they had the capacity to handle the added demand and about 40 per cent of the broken glass too went back for use in the industry.
Unhappy with the pro-glass proposal, though, the Indian Drug Manufacturers’ Association (IDMA) has written to the Government saying that there was no conclusive data linking PET bottles with adverse health effects. In its representation, they dispute that plastic is an endocrine disrupter and allege that it is glass that is listed as a potential one. IDMA’s Daara Patel said that PET was still being used across the world, had standards outlined by the Bureau of Indian Standards and had its advantages in packaging and cost competitiveness.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Wall St dips at open after Draghi commentsWall St dips at open after Draghi comments
Reuters | New York Dec 04, 2014 08:05 PM IST
US stock opened lower on Thursday after European Central Bank president Mario Draghi brushed off pressure to act and said the bank would reassess the impact of its monetary policy stimulus early next year and take further action, if necessary.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 21.32 points, or 0.12 percent, to 17,891.3, the S&P 500 lost 2.8 points, or 0.13 percent, to 2,071.53 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 2.58 points, or 0.05 percent, to 4,771.89.

Stocks dip  euro up as Draghi holds fireEuro rallies after ECB keeps powder dry
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/14ed1f00-7b5f-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sri Lanka strives to be next Asian tigerSri Lanka strives to be next Asian tiger
By Joe Morris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5defb84c-3a10-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bond investors parse the frontier storyBond investors parse the frontier story
By Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07fd98f2-c4de-11e3-9aeb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ICBC sets record for Lion City bondsICBC sets $650m record for ‘Lion City’ bond issuance
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c85e4b62-3d49-11e4-a2ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bank of China in record $6.5bn Coco saleBank of China in record $6.5bn Coco sale
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/58b223d8-54eb-11e4-bac2-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Part-time salaries are catching up  but slowly© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/963550dc-6e76-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US women financial advisers can look to brighter futureNovember 18, 2014 10:02 pm
US women financial advisers can look to brighter future
Loren Fox
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/71f4f592-6598-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Im a convert to the value of executive educationDecember 3, 2014 11:51 pm
I’m a convert to the value of executive education
Mrs Moneypenny
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f7ef65e-7952-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UKs Legal Services Act gives rise to new business modelsUK’s Legal Services Act leads to the creation of new business models
By Caroline Binham
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8866e9ea-39f9-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lawyers appetite for risk revivedLawyers’ appetite for risk revived
By Gill Plimmer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f1afffd0-39fa-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AASU  AGP ask PM Narendra Modi not to endorse India-Bangla land transferdealWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 4, 2014 8:41 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 8:55 pm
Prime minister Narendra Modi and his BJP-led government’s endorsement of the erstwhile UPA government’s agreement with Bangladesh to transfer certain portions of land along the border continued to evoke protests in Assam, with the All Assam Students’ Union (AASU) and Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) staging separate demonstrations here on Thursday.
While the AASU took out torch-light protest marches in in all district towns condemning Modi’s announcement to support the UPA’s land transfer deal with Bangladesh, the AGP also took out protest marches across the state asking the BJP-led government not to hand over even one inch of Assam land to Bangladesh.
AGP protestors wore Modi masks and placards containing quotes like “I am anti-Assam”, “I cannot deport Bangaldeshis” and “I can’t keep my poll promises” and marched through major streets in Guwahati and other towns today. “The prime minister thinks the people of Assam are fools. The people however have understood that the BJP and Modi said one thing before the elections and just the opposite after elections,” said AGP president Atul Bora.
Bora also dismissed Modi’s announcement in Guwahati on Sunday that the land-transfer agreement when implemented would only help stop infiltration to Assam. “There is no link between the land-transfer agreement and stopping infiltration from Bangladesh. Modi is trying to fool the people of Assam. It is a total betrayal after Assam sent seven BJP MPs to Lok Sabha,” the AGP president said.
AASU general secretary Tapan Kumar Gogoi too hit out at prime minister Narendra Modi and the BJP for taking two opposite stand on the India-Bangladesh land transfer deal before and after elections. “Before Lok Sabha election the BJP sent senior leaders to Assam to stage demonstrations against the land transfer deal. Then BJP president Rajnath Singh and other senior leaders like Arun Jaitley and SS Ahluwalia had also openly opposed handing over Assam’s land to Bangladesh. But after winning elections and forming the government, it has changed its stand,” said AASU general secretary Tapan Kumar Gogoi.

Truecaller updates app  crosses 100 million globalusersBy: Tech Desk | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 8:39 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 6:31 pm
Truecaller has launched an update for its app on Google Play. The new update focuses on predictive style features, which suggests who to contact based on call history, time of day, and place.
Truecaller has surpassed 100 million users globally, and has doubled its daily new users in less than three months. Consumers use Truecaller to identify unknown numbers, block unwanted calls, and search contact information among people and businesses. In addition to the surge in the user base, Truecaller also receives more than 1.5 billion search requests per month.
New features
Receive Suggested Contacts: Truecaller can now predict who you may want to reach and make relevant suggestions based on call history, time, or location.
Complete Contact Profiles: Truecaller keeps the phonebook up to date with relevant information by adding social media profiles and photos.
Smarter Search and Discovery: Now you can search within your contacts as well as names and numbers beyond your existing phone book with an extensive list of more than 1.5 billion contacts.
Easily Place Calls and Send Texts: Once a user profile is pulled, you just need to swipe left to text or swipe right to place a call.

Xiaomi Redmi Note 3G videoreviewBy: Tech Desk |
Posted: December 4, 2014 8:29 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 11:40 am
The Xiaomi Redmi Note offers great value for money, no doubt. However, be sure about the size and obviously Android 4.2.2 OS, before buying. If you want a large-screened smartphone then this is the only option under Rs 10,000.
The Redmi Note looks ordinary. If you were lucky enough to get a glimpse of the previously launched Redmi 1S smartphone, then for you this phone will appear as an enlarged version of the same. For the rest, the Redmi Note will appear like just another smartphone made by any Indian brand.
The Redmi Note sports a 5.5-inch 720p display with a pixel density of 267 ppi. The display is not Full HD but does a good job. It is clear and crisp. You shouldn’t have any reasons to complain about the display.
The Redmi Note offers good performance at this price range. The octa-core MediaTek MT6592 (32 bit, frequency 728 ~ 1664 MHz) with Mali 450 GPU and 2GB RAM will not disappoint you at all. It scored a decent 31337 on AnTuTu Benchmark (v5.3 ). General performance of the phone was good.

NASA postpones Orion launch until FridayNASA postpones Orion launch until Friday
AFP
Cape Canaveral, December 04, 2014
First Published: 20:16 IST(4/12/2014)
NASA postponed until Friday the launch of its Orion deep space capsule due to wind gusts and technical problems with the Delta IV Heavy rocket, the space agency said on Thursday.
The new launch window for the unmanned test flight opens Friday morning at 7:05 am (1205 GMT).
The capsule is meant to carry humans to an asteroid or Mars in the coming years.
No astronauts were on board the spacecraft, poised atop a Delta IV Heavy rocket at Cape Canaveral, now set to blast off at 8:26 am (1326 GMT), an hour and 21 minutes after the initial target time.
The launch window ends at 9:44 am (1444 GMT). Tourists and space enthusiasts lined the area known as Florida's Space Coast to see the take-off at sunrise, and 27,000 guests were at the Kennedy Space Center for a close-up look.
The Mobile Service Tower rolls back from the Delta IV Heavy with the Orion spacecraft on launch pad 37B at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral, Florida. (Reuters)
 
The capsule's four-and-a-half hour test flight is due to carry the spacecraft around the Earth twice before splashing down in the Pacific Ocean.
The launch is the first of a US spacecraft meant to carry people into deep space in more than four decades, since the Apollo missions that brought men to the Moon.
With no American vehicle to send humans to space since the space shuttle was retired in 2011, some at NASA said the Orion launch has re-energized the US space program, long constrained by government belt-tightening and forced to rely on costly rides aboard Russian Soyuz spacecraft to reach the International Space Station in low-Earth orbit.
Potential future missions for Orion, which is designed to fit four people at a time, include a trip to lasso an asteroid and a journey to Mars by the 2030s. "We haven't had this feeling in a while, since the end of the shuttle program, (of) launching an American spacecraft from America's soil and beginning something new," said Mike Sarafin, lead flight director at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston.
Social media bloggers watch as the Mobile Service Tower rolls back from the Delta IV Heavy with the Orion spacecraft on launch pad 37B at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral, Florida. (Reuters)
 
The launch was due to propel 1.63 million pounds (739,000 kilograms) of spacecraft, rocket and fuel straight to space, where the capsule was due to make two laps around the Earth before splashing down in the Pacific Ocean around 11:30 am (1630 GMT). The first orbit was to be about as high as the International Space Station, which circles at an altitude of about 430 kilometres, but the second would soar 15 times higher, to an apogee of 3,600 miles above the Earth. The chief contractor of the Orion capsule is Lockheed Martin.
The spacecraft was first designed to take humans to the Moon as part of NASA's Constellation program, which was cancelled by President Barack Obama in 2010, in favor or seeking new destinations in deep space.

4 IIT-Kanpur students turn down salary offer of Rs 1 crore per annumComments
Four students of IIT Kanpur have turned down job offers which would have paid them more than Rs. 1 crore yearly. Two of them have given priority to professional fulfilment while the other two want to pursue higher studies.
It is not everyday that a job-seeker turns down a Rs. 1 crore offer and the decision by four of them -- three boys and a girl student -- at the premier technological institute in Kanpur is sure to create a flutter, especially when two of them are said to have settled for lower salaries in order to work in profiles which they found to be more suitable for themselves.
According to the chairman of the IIT-Kanpur Placement Cell, Prof Deepu Philip, the remaining two male students have opted for higher studies over signing up to join any company.
Philip, who refused to divulge the names of the four students, said that the offers were made on Wednesday by a multinational company during placement interviews on their campus.
"The offer to these four students was for a take home of US $150,000, or close to Rs. 93 lakh per annum. Along with other incentives and perks, the size of the package was more than Rs. 1 crore yearly," Philip told PTI on Thursday.
"The girl student and one of the boys declined the offer saying it did not match their temperament and that they wanted professional fulfilment from their jobs. The two have accepted offers of Rs. 50 lakh per annum from a smaller company.
"The remaining two students said they want to focus on higher studies and were, therefore, not keen on taking up the Rs. 1 crore offer," added Philip.
In one of the fattest pay packages offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur was a few days back offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs. 1.5 crore. IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying "this brings unnecessary attention to the student".
IIT sources claimed that the 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
IIT Kanpur had kicked off its placement drive on Dec. 1 with around 1,290 students from B.Tech, B.Tech Dual and M.Tech courses registering for the same. The placement drive will continue till December 24.

Gift tips: The 5 things every camera owner needsThe 5 Things Every New Camera Owner Needs
If you just got a DSLR for the holidays, here's what to get next.
Brendan Nystedt
December 04, 2014
So you were just given (or gave yourself) a shiny new camera for the holidays. Congrats, you're about to embark upon one of life's most rewarding hobbies! But before you go out into the wide world in search of your inner shutterbug, there are a few accessories that you might want to seek out.
These suggestions will make your life easier, keep your camera working correctly, and hopefully provide the potential to improve your photos .
1. Cleaning Supplies
Giottos Rocket Blower is more handy than you might think. [Image credit: Flickr user Adam Wyles (CC BY-ND 2.0)]
Okay, this might not be the most exciting way to spend your hard-earned money, but trust us: Your camera will thank you for it later. When it comes to owning a camera—particularly an interchangeable-lens model—dust and fingerprints are a fact of life. And if you don't stay on top of things, they can quickly become a waking nightmare.
With a pack of microfiber cloths, some lens-cleaning fluid, and a Giottos Rocket Blower , it's easy to wipe away any grime from your lenses and blast dust out of hard-to-reach crevices.
DSLR and mirrorless camera owners who change lenses on a regular basis will find that, over time, blobs will appear in photos. That means you've got dust on your sensor, and it's time for a cleaning. You can do a simple "dry cleaning" using the aforementioned rocket blower, but more persistent spots will require a wet cleaning. For that, we'd suggest a trusted option like the Copperhill Method , along with a steady pair of hands.
(If you're not comfortable, though, don't force it. Send your camera to the manufacturer for a thorough cleaning.)
2. A Better Strap
Most larger cameras come with a strap in the box, but they're often cheaply made and function as little more than free advertising for camera makers. In more dangerous settings, they're also a great way to advertise to thieves that you're carrying a Nikon or Canon that's ripe for the picking.
Anyway, third-party straps can not only be an aesthetic improvement, but add functionality, too. Many shooters love BlackRapid straps , since they keep your DSLR easily accessible at your waist. These straps attach to a tripod mount instead of using a camera's built-in strap lugs, so the camera hangs lens-down, putting the grip right where your dangling hand will meet it.
You could be this happy with a new camera strap, too. [Image credit: Blackrapid)
If you want something more traditional, companies like DSPTCH and A7 sell nylon and leather camera straps that are proudly Made in the USA. There are even boutique strap makers like Gordy's , whose handmade leather straps are iconic in camera geek circles.
No matter what you're in the market for, a good strap is a purchase that keeps on giving, saving you money every time it saves your camera from certain doom on the cold, hard ground.
3. Spare Batteries
Most digital cameras come with a battery, but a backup can be a real lifesaver. If you're using a small mirrorless camera or a DSLR with live view, the camera's always-on LCD screen can really chew through battery. Having a fully-charged second cell on hand means you can leave the charger at home and focus on the pleasure of shooting, instead of keeping a nervous eye on the battery meter.
Even though many third-party batteries are just as good as the genuine article, you should be sure to check user reviews of the brand you're looking to buy. If you're worried about getting a dud, buy in person at your local camera store so you can make sure it works and fits your camera before you take it home.
A spare battery is a must-buy for some cameras.
4. A Solid Tripod
A good tripod will last you a lifetime. Because tripods are compatible with all types of cameras, this is more of an investment than some of the other accessories we've recommended. And speaking from experience, premium tripods like those you'd buy from Manfrotto , Giottos , or Three Legged Thing will last way, way longer than a plasticky $25 piece of junk.
Moreover, if you ever misplace the camera mounting plate, these more established companies sell replacements through major retailers—something that may be impossible to get for a cheap, off-brand tripod.
5. Knowledge
Okay, so this isn't something you can just one-click buy from Amazon, but it's something you'll absolutely need.
If you don’t know how to operate your camera or aren't familiar with the basics of photography, you're probably better off sticking to your smartphone. If you want to get the most out of your shiny new camera, you'll need to do a little research.
Most importantly: get out there and shoot! Make new friends and learn to see your world differently.  [Image credit: Flickr user Elias Pirasteh (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)]
Of course, that doesn't mean you need to go back to school and get a degree in photography.
Companies like Lynda.com and KelbyOne are happy to sell you access to high-quality online learning materials, if you're the self-motivated type. If you need outside encouragement or don't want to spend the coin, you can join a local photography group and get advice from your peers. And there are plenty of other ways to expand your photographic horizons. Find books about photography in the library. Go to YouTube and browse photography advice there.
More than any other single investment, this is the one that will really pay dividends.

http://usat.ly/1yVmlRaFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks fall as Europe indexes take ECB hit
U.S. stocks ended lower Thursday, taking the cue of European indexes after Europe's central bank held off on implementing a U.S.-style stimulus.
Post to Facebook
Stocks fall as Europe indexes take ECB hit U.S. stocks ended lower Thursday, taking the cue of European indexes after Europe's central bank held off on implementing a U.S.-style stimulus. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CIJJ8q
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks fall as Europe indexes take ECB hit
Kim Hjelmgaard , USA TODAY 5:46 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
44 CONNECT 92 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
U.S. stocks ended lower Thursday, taking a cue from Europe after Europe's central bank held off on implementing a U.S.-style stimulus.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA ended down 13 points, or 0.1%, at 17,900.10. The S&P 500 SPX and Nasdaq Composite COMP also both lost 0.1%.
In Asia earlier, China's Shanghai Composite index took a giant leap -- rocketing 4.3% higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index added 0.9%.
The number of people seeking unemployment benefits slipped below 300,000 last week, after having spiked above that level in the prior week for the first time in nearly three months.
European Central Bank head Mario Draghi says the bank has "stepped up" preparations for launching new stimulus measures for the economy — but expects to make a decision on any further steps early next year.
Draghi didn't unveil further stimulus programs on Thursday after the bank left its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 0.05%. The rate decision was expected as the bank says the benchmark is so low it cannot be reduced further.
Monthly Markets Checkup: 6 things for December
The DAX of Germany and the CAC 40 of France ended down 1.2% and 1.6%, respectively, after having been positive before the ECB's announcement and Draghi's news conference.
Sears Holdings ( SHLD ) posted a disappointing third quarter Thursday that saw revenue, earnings, and sales at stores open at least a year all fall as the retailer tries to salvage its business. Sears shares fell 4.4%.
Both Chinese and Japanese shares rose sharply as the dollar traded at its strongest level against the yen since 2007. The greenback briefly touched 119.95 yen before falling back slightly.
Gold prices slipped while oil futures climbed.
On Wednesday, the Dow and S&P 500 notched all-time closing highs as economic reports showed steady growth on jobs and in other fronts.
On Friday, the Labor Department will release its closely watched survey on employment, expected to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.
Contributing: The Associated Press.
44 CONNECT 92 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CIJJ8q
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Downtrend in Inflation Likely to Stay: Ashok GulatiYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Downtrend in Inflation Likely to Stay: Ashok Gulati
Published On:                  December  3, 2014                 | Duration: 11 min, 27 sec
Tweet
Ashok Gulati, Chair Professor Agriculture at ICRIER, tells NDTV that the policy measures along with the global situation have led to a fall in the inflation levels. He says the current trend will stay and the consumer inflation level may fall even below 5 per cent by January 2016.

Sebi weighs allowing corporate bond re-issuancesDec 04, 2014, 08.24 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Sebi weighs allowing corporate bond re-issuances
A finmin committee "had recommended for consolidation of privately placed bonds so as to avoid fragmentation of debt market with multiple issues and for re-issuances which help in creation of large floating stocks which is needed to enhance market liquidity," Sebi said in the statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sebi weighs allowing corporate bond re-issuances
A finmin committee "had recommended for consolidation of privately placed bonds so as to avoid fragmentation of debt market with multiple issues and for re-issuances which help in creation of large floating stocks which is needed to enhance market liquidity," Sebi said in the statement.
Post your opinion here
 
Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is considering allowing companies to re-issue corporate bonds in a bid to avoid fragmentation of debt markets with multiple issuances and has asked market participants for their feedback.
In its proposal on Thursday, Sebi said it was following a recommendation by a finance ministry committee from 2005.
The committee "had recommended for consolidation of privately placed bonds so as to avoid fragmentation of debt market with multiple issues and for re-issuances which help in creation of large floating stocks which is needed to enhance market liquidity," Sebi said in the statement.
"Sebi is proposing to put in place, an enabling framework for the same."
Corporate issuers are not currently allowed to re-issue existing tenors. Sebi has asked for public comments to be submitted by December 25.
RELATED NEWS

Cramer: Starbucks figured out mobile ahead of everyonecramer: starbucks figured out mobile ahead of everyone
This Hillary Clinton song is really  really terribleComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Right-wing rhetoric less effective the 2nd time aroundBy Jennifer Rubin December 4 Follow @JRubinBlogger
The lack of momentum and support for right-wing opponents to, as they put, fight the president’s executive order “now” does not stop the media from flocking to the handful of loud lawmakers who — surprise, surprise — want to take on the president and accuse fellow Republicans of being fainthearted. They can just dredge up their talking points from the 2013 shutdown escapade — and it often sounds like they have.
Rep. Thomas Price (R-Ga.) speaks to reporters at the Capitol. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg)
Unfortunately, Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) , once a serious conservative, has become so obsessed with stopping immigration that he has lost touch with political reality and the broad cross-section of the electorate, which has told pollsters they vehemently oppose a shutdown. He insisted that the GOP fight the president now, whatever that means. (As the Wall Street Journal editorial board observes , “As far as we can tell, Mr. Sessions believes that if Republicans hold firm during a shutdown, the public will eventually side with the GOP, Senate Democrats will roll over, and the President will surrender. Does this sound remotely plausible?”)
Also unfortunate is Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), who can grandstand again on a shutdown strategy on the same day he sounds tough but level-headed at a foreign policy conference discussing Iran . The former is the triumph of ego over common sense, but mostly it is the waste of a very bright intellect. This time around few are listening  to his fight-fight-fight mantra, and the biggest name he could dragoon to an anti-executive action rally was Sarah Palin.
For now the House leadership is quietly building support for Rep. Tom Price’s plan to fund everything but the immigration component for the fiscal year and do only a short-term extension on the immigration piece so that when more Republicans return in January and they have control of the Senate (Mr. Cruz, do the math) they will have more leverage. A House aide not authorized to talk on the record says that members are still discussing the Price proposal that was presented Tuesday. The aide says, “We are hopeful but understand more conversations may need to be had. In the end we should be able to get it across the finish line.”
Meanwhile, something useful occurred in the fight against the president’s unilateral power grab. The Associated Press reports :
Many top Republicans have denounced Obama’s unilateral move, which was designed to spare as many as 5 million people living illegally in the United States from deportation.
But Texas Gov.-elect Greg Abbott took it a step further, filing a formal legal challenge in federal court in the Southern District of Texas. His state is joined by 16 other mostly conservative states, largely in the south and Midwest, such as Alabama, Georgia, Idaho, Indiana and the Carolinas.
The states aren’t seeking monetary damages, but instead want the courts to block Obama’s actions. . . . Under Obama’s order, announced Nov. 20, protection from deportation and the right to work will be extended to an estimated 4.1 million parents of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents who have lived in the U.S. for at least five years and to hundreds of thousands more young people.
The lawsuit raises three objections: that Obama violated the “Take Care Clause” of the U.S. Constitution that Abbott said limits the scope of presidential power; that the federal government didn’t follow proper rulemaking procedures; and that the order will “exacerbate the humanitarian crisis along the southern border, which will affect increased state investment in law enforcement, health care and education.”
Former Bush administration lawyer John Yoo thinks the lawsuit has a decent chance of success. “I think the case should overcome the main barrier of standing, if the Supreme Court is to be taken at its word in the Massachusetts v. EPA case,” he said, referring to precedent that allows states to sue for burdensome costs imposed by illegitimate federal action. “On the merits, President Obama is on weak constitutional ground because he is refusing to carry out his constitutional duty to enforce the laws, though what the Supreme Court will do is always unpredictable.” Yoo adds, “It shouldn’t relieve congressional opponents from seeking to pass legislation on immigration reform while also pushing back on Obama’s misuse of his domestic powers.”
In response to the lawsuit, Price released a statement late Wednesday, praising the legal action and urging members to “pursue realistic avenues to hold the Obama Administration accountable. We have an obligation to protect and defend the rule of law enshrined in our Constitution and with it the voices of the American people we represent. By stepping forward, these states are providing crucial leadership and support at this critical time.”
He is right in that Republican governors certainly sounded responsible and informed, unlike the grandstanding GOP lawmakers.
In a statement accompanying Indiana’s announced decision to join the suit, Republican Gov. Mike Pence released a statement that read, in part: “While reasonable people can differ on ways to improve our nation’s broken immigration system, the President’s unilateral action was an unacceptable end run around the democratic process and joining other states in pursuing legal recourse to challenge this action is the right thing to do. This lawsuit is not about immigration. It is about denying states such as ours the opportunity to be represented in policy making through our elected members of Congress.” That strikes the right tone and keeps the GOP focused on the legal issue, unlike the anti-immigration reform crowd that seeks to convince Americans that these people (already here for five years) are going to take their jobs.
Outgoing Texas Gov. Rick Perry went one step further, announcing  an order telling state agencies to use E-Verify to check the employment eligibility of current and prospective employees. He also called for Congress to “finally pass a bill that dedicates the necessary resources to securing our border, once and for all. Without border security, immigration reform is a fruitless exercise.”
The far right has lost influence and mojo in the wake of the shutdown and bruising losses in midterm primaries. They can get the attention of the press, but do little else. Meanwhile, between GOP House leadership and governors, the GOP may escape from the trap set by Obama relatively unscathed.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Bright  exploding fireball streaks across the sky over Northeast U.S.By Angela Fritz December 4 Follow @angelafritz
An image of the fireball from one of NASA’s fireball monitoring cameras. Mike Hankey from the American Meteor Society has annotated the image to point out the location of the fireball. (NASA/Bill Cooke via AMS)
A bright fireball lit up the Northeast sky on Wednesday night as it streaked over southern Canada and upstate New York.
The fireball occurred at around 8:30 p.m. on Wednesday. The American Meteor Society estimates that the fireball began over Ontario County in northwest New York and traveled west-northwest over Canada before terminating southwest of Toronto.
Estimated path of Wednesday night’s fireball. (American Meteor Society)
“Many witnesses described an increasing intensity before it terminated,” writes Mike Hankey of the American Meteor Society, “a common trait of bolide meteors.” A bolide is a particularly bright meteor that explodes in a flash near the end of it’s path.
Nearly 200 sightings have been reported on the society’s website, from Detroit to central Massachusetts and south into the Mid-Atlantic.
A heat map of the fireball reports submitted to the American Meteor Society. ( American Meteor Society )
The fireball was seen as far south as the D.C. region, where many of our followers on Twitter were lucky enough to be outside for the event.
@capitalweather Nice fireball seen from Frederick 8:26 pm falling to the north from high northeast.
— John Cosby (@JohnDCosby) December 4, 2014
@capitalweather Streak was pretty short, skipped a bit, then made one last green flash.

Expect large crowds for downtown eventsBy Robert Thomson December 4 Follow @RT_Thomson
Two separate events near each other in the heart of downtown Washington will put crowds on the streets and add to traffic congestion, particularly during the Thursday afternoon rush.
Many Metrobus routes will be detoured or delayed. Drivers who just want to get through the area should steer clear of the John A. Wilson Building (“A” on the map) on Pennsylvania Avenue and the Ellipse (“B” on the map) south of the White House. Here are the travel details for each event.
John A. Wilson Building
The body of former D.C. mayor Marion Barry will lie in repose at the Wilson Building until midnight in the first of three days of remembrance ceremonies. The Wilson Building is on the south side of Freedom Plaza, on Pennsylvania Avenue between 13th and 14th streets NW. See more from Mike DeBonis about plans for the memorials.
Metrorail is likely to be the easiest approach for those attending. The stations nearest to the Wilson Building are Federal Triangle and Metro Center. This page on the Parking Panda Web site can help drivers who want to find and reserve garage parking nearby.
The transit authority said it expects the activity around the Wilson Building to disrupt service on these Metrobus routes: 30N, 30S, 32, 33, 36, 37, 39, A9, D1, P17, P19, W13. See this page on Metro’s Web site for details on route changes and skipped stops.
The Ellipse
The annual lighting ceremony for the National Christmas Tree is set to begin at 4:30 p.m. on the Ellipse. The event usually lasts till about 7 p.m.
Several street closings for the event setup are scheduled to begin at 1 p.m. Thursday and continue till 10 p.m. The streets to be closed are 15th and 17th between Constitution Avenue and E Street NW. This alone would be enough to disrupt the evening rush hour, but those closings will be extended from 4 p.m. through the end of the ceremony. During those hours, 15th Street NW will be blocked to vehicles between New York and Constitution avenues, 17th Street NW will be blocked between Constitution Avenue and New York Avenue/State Place, and 18th Street NW will be closed to vehicles between D and E streets.
The diverted traffic will make congestion even worse than normal throughout the area near the White House and Ellipse.
The nearest Metrorail stations are McPherson Square, Farragut West, Metro Center and Federal Triangle. For paid parking options in the vicinity, check this page on Parking Panda . But remember that the closer you get to the Ellipse, the more likely you are to be caught in extra heavy rush hour traffic.
Metrobus delays because of the extra traffic can be widespread, affecting routes that link the District with Maryland and Virginia. The transit authority expects these routes will be subject to delays and unplanned detours: 3Y, 7Y, 11Y, 16X, 16Y, 30N, 30S, 32, 36, 37, 38B, 39, 42, 43, 52, 53, 54, 80, D1, D3, D5, D6, G8, H1, L1, N2, N3, N4, P6, P17, P19, S1, S2, S4, S9, W13, X1 and X2.
Routes H1, L1 and N3 will begin service at C and 18th streets NW. The X1 will begin service at the 10th Street terminal. Routes 11Y, G8, P17, P19, W13 and X2 will begin service at Franklin Square. Some S2 and S4 buses will turn back near Franklin Square. See more details about the disrupted schedules on Metro’s Web site.
The OmniRide commuter bus service plans to make these adjustments on Thursday afternoon: Beginning at 2 p.m., buses will pick up passengers only from the Franconia-Springfield Metro station for eastern Prince William County and at Tysons Corner Metro station for Manassas, Gainesville and Linton Hall. All the regular drop-off points will be served. Service from the Metro stations will continue until 7:30 p.m. except for Prince William and Manassas Metro Direct buses, which will continue operating until their last published departure time.
The Maryland Transit Administration advises its riders to expect significant delays through downtown, especially on routes near the White House and the Wilson Building.
Robert Thomson is The Washington Post’s “Dr. Gridlock.” He answers travelers’ questions, listens to their complaints and shares their pain on the roads, trains and buses in the Washington region.

Must change slow startsBy Alex Prewitt December 4 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
RALEIGH, N.C. — Tuesday morning, during their pregame meetings before hosting the Vancouver Canucks, the Washington Capitals discussed urgency. “We had our butts handed to us in Toronto,” as Coach Barry Trotz described it, so they returned home and focused on fast starts. They wanted to move pucks fast through the zones and chip pucks with speed. They wanted to retrieve pucks quick from behind the net and pelt pucks toward the net. They wanted to avoid looking like they did.
“I thought we sat back,” Trotz said. “That’s what I was saying yesterday, it’s my responsibility to warn them, to prepare them, to try to motivate them, but really it’s got to come from within the room, so everyone’s on the same page.”
The overarching messages coming from the Capitals’ locker room this week were clear, as they enter a road-heavy December desperate to recover from two inconsistent months, trying to summon consistently strong starts. When Washington scores first this season, it has won nine of 12 games, the NHL’s fourth-best winning percentage. When trailing first, it has won one of 13, the NHL’s third-worst.
The opening 10 minutes Tuesday proved relatively inconsequential, inasmuch as sluggishness holds the status quo. Midway through the first period, the Capitals had mustered just two shots on Canucks goaltender Ryan Miller. Vancouver dictated the tempo, zipping through the zones with quick passes. Eventually, the Canucks broke through at even strength and carried a 1-0 lead into the second period. And when the Capitals trail entering the first intermission, they are 1-3-2.
“We got a little embarrassed in Toronto, we’re coming back home, let’s get our fans excited off the hop, not wait until we’re down a couple pucks and take it up and get mad and angry and urgency, if you will, and play with one of the best teams in the West,” Trotz said. “We dug ourselves a little hole in the first period.”
Trotz believed the Capitals acquitted themselves fine at even strength, undone by allowing three power play goals for the second straight game, but the slow start still stuck out. An already thin Verizon Center crowd was quiet as the engine sputtered and the players tried to find another gear.
“That’s not the fans’ fault,” goaltender Braden Holtby said. “That’s us. We need to find a way to give them something to get loud about in the first 10 minutes. That noise, that energy, that comes from our team. We’re not doing it right now. We know this building can be very hard to play in if we create that energy at the start of the game, throughout the game. That is something that isn’t as good now as it has been in the past and we have to change that.”
Said center Nicklas Backstrom: “I think our mindset has to be better. You got to be prepared to play a game right away. We’ve got to come out harder and we’ve got to be ready to play, especially at home. This is our barn. We’ve got to make sure we’re on top of these guys from the start. It shouldn’t be easy to play here, but first period was pretty easy.”
The Capitals have won just five of 13 at home this season, without much room to reverse the trend in December, since nine of their next 12 come away from D.C. But while their even-strength possession numbers while trailing are strong — 60.1 percent unblocked shot differential, second-best in the league per stats.hockeyanalysis.com – they can still focus on bucking those slow starts on the road, by moving pucks fast and forcing the pace.
“Those are things that make you look fast even if they aren’t actually fast,,” defenseman Karl Alzner said. “That helps. The games we’re doing that, it’s awesome. It’s fun to play. It’s easy to play when you’re doing it. The hard part is doing it all the time. We keep talking about it. You hope that’s going to click and it’s all going to fall into place. Yeah, it’s just weird. Some days you wake up and you feel like everything goes right. You react quick to things, and some days you just don’t. It’s being able to find out how to turn those days you don’t into those days you do.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Rams Coach Jeff Fisher says RGIII is too talented to be done in the NFLBy Dan Steinberg December 4 Follow @dcsportsbog
(Photo by John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Back in the winter of 2012 — when the Redskins were rolling and their 2013 first-round pick was rapidly moving down the draft order — many Washington boosters were convinced the Rams had been fleeced in that famous 2012 pre-draft trade.
After Robert Griffin III struggled in 2013 and the Rams continued to acquire additional starters from their haul of picks, more and more people began seeing the trade as a push, or worse.
And now that Griffin has been benched twice in three years, and the young Rams seem at least marginally ahead of the Redskins, the conventional wisdom would indicate that St. Louis won the trade, possibly in a rout. Rams Coach Jeff Fisher has talked about the trade several times this week in advance of Sunday’s game — “it was easy for us to do,” he told Washington reporters .
But Fisher refused to take the next step, celebrating how much better the trade looks with Griffin on the bench.
“And RGIII’s not even playing right now…” a reporter in St. Louis said this week, as Fisher discussed the trade.
“No, he’s not,” Fisher answered. “But that’s really not our issue. And in his defense, his rookie year, he took them to the playoffs. And any quarterback that’s going to go through significant injuries like he did, and two offensive philosophy changes and scheme changes, I think that’s hard. I don’t believe you’ve seen the last of him. I don’t believe that. I think he’s too talented. That’s their deal, [but] that’s my opinion on him. I think he’s got a chance to be a really good quarterback.”
Another reporter then asked whether Griffin could still turn his career around.
“He’s just scratching the surface from a career standpoint, yeah,” Fisher said. “Again, injuries and scheme changes are hard to overcome — for anybody, for that matter.
Fisher also acknowledged that if Sam Bradford hadn’t been on his roster in 2012, the Rams probably would have done “something different” with their pick, the implication being that Griffin could have been in play.
In fact, Fisher mentioned mentioned Griffin’s multiple offensive schemes at least two other times this week.
“I don’t think they know exactly where they’re going with RG,” he said on his radio show on ESPN 101 . “Maybe he needs some more experience to learn this offense. It’s his second offense in three years.”
And he said much the same to Washington reporters .
“We played Robert early his first year, and he made a lot of plays, and to get that team into the playoffs as a rookie is pretty impressive,” Fisher said. “Unfortunately for him, he’s dealing with an offensive scheme change and he’s had injury. Those two things, [from] a quarterback standpoint, are just hard to overcome. I think he’s an outstanding talent and very hard to defend.”
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Investigation: Afghan shooter ambushed slain Army general from less than 15 metersBy Dan Lamothe December 4 Follow @danlamothe
Then-Brig. Gen. Harold Greene addresses a crowd in 2011. He was killed in a shooting in Afghanistan on Aug. 5. (U.S. Army photo)
The  mass shooting that killed a two-star Army general  and wounded 18 other people in Afghanistan on Aug. 5 was carried out by a lone Afghan soldier who did not have any apparent ties to the Taliban and who simply seized “a target of opportunity,” according to a U.S. military investigation.
This photo of Rafiqullah, 22, is included in a U.S. Central Command report released Thursday. He opened fire on coalition and Afghan troops in Afghanistan, killing Army Maj. Gen. Harold Greene. (Photo released by the U.S. military)
The investigation, released by U.S. Central Command on Thursday, found that Maj. Gen. Harold Greene, of Falls Church, Va., died immediately after being shot multiple times in the pelvis, head and neck by an army private named Rafiqullah, 22, who also was killed in the incident. The report found that Rafiqullah opened fire from a bathroom window in a military police barracks less than 15 meters away from the nearest person he targeted. He had previously expressed disdain for Americans.
Greene was the highest-ranking U.S. officer killed in a combat zone since the Vietnam War. The others wounded in the shooting included German Army Brig. Gen. Michael Bartscher and Afghan Brig. Gen. Miyan-Yar Gulalm Sahki. The names of the others wounded are redacted from the newly released documents, but they include 10 Americans, three Afghans and two individuals from Britain.
The attack occurred at the Marshal Fahim National Defense University. The facility, in the Qarga district of Kabul province and west of the city, was known as the Afghan National Defense University until this year. Greene, the deputy commanding general of Combined Security Command – Afghanistan, and the others were at the academy to review and discuss a construction project that was underway and highlight the school’s potential to train Afghan officers.
The report said that Rafiqullah was not believed to have been a member of the Taliban or any other extremist group. He may have been “self-radicalized” or had a mental illness, investigators found. He fired between 27 to 30 rounds from an M-16 that carried up to 30 in its magazine, and was killed by coalition service members.
It “appears the shooting was not premeditated, and the shooter simply took advantage of a target of opportunity provided by the close gathering,” according to the investigation report, completed by Army Brig. Gen. Donald E. Jackson Jr.
An Afghan interpreter for a contractor at the academy told investigators that Rafiqullah had expressed dislike for Americans before. The shooter had previously challenged the interpreter on why he worked for Americans, and the interpreter responded that in doing so, he also was helping the Afghan National Army. The answer seemed to satisfy Rafiqullah, the interpreter recalled.
The shooter also had grievances with his own Afghan military commanders. He had been denied time off recently, and was frustrated after working a double shift recently while other Afghan soldiers relaxed, Afghan troops said. Some Afghan soldiers expressed surprise about his involvement in the attack, saying he was well liked in their unit.
Photographs included in the report released Thursday underscore how close together the ambushed troops were when Rafiqullah began shooting. The photographs were likely available because the shooting occurred during a meeting of senior officers.
This image released by CENTCOM shows he attack site afterward. Investigators labeled the window used by Rafiqullah with a red dot:
This photograph shows the site of the Aug. 5 mass shooting in Afghanistan that killed Maj. Gen. Harold Greene and wounded 18 others. (Photo released by U.S. Central Command)
This image, taken 10 minutes before the shooting, shows how close Americans and Afghans were standing at the training academy before the attack. Investigators labeled those who were later wounded with a red dot:
This image released by U.S. officials shows the scene of the Aug. 5 shooting in Afghanistan that killed Maj. Gen. Harold Greene, 10 minutes before it occurred. (U.S. Central Command photo)
The window the shooter used opened outward, limiting the angles at which he could shoot. This photograph released by U.S. officials shows it riddled with bullet holes after American troops returned fire and hit Rafiqullah:
The window Rafiqullah used to open fire on U.S., coalition and Afghan troops on Aug. 5. (Photo released by U.S. Central Command)
Coalition troops cleared the building that Rafiqullah used to make sure that there weren’t any other threats, and found him barely breathing while slumped in a bathroom shower stall. They checked him for explosives, and he died moments later, the investigation found.
Some witnesses said they heard shots from within the bathroom after Rafiqullah’s attack, raising the question whether Afghan soldiers inside the building shot at him. Investigators could not determine who fired the fatal shots.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Abu Dhabi police arrested a suspect in the case of a slain American woman. They also found a planted bomb.By Abby Phillip December 4 Follow @abbydphillip
Editor's note: This video contains graphic content. Footage released by Abu Dhabi police shows the suspect fleeing the scene and the subsequent operation to arrest her. (YouTube: theabudhabipolice)
Police have arrested an Emirati woman suspected of brutally stabbing an American woman to death in the bathroom of an Abu Dhabi mall .
Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Interior Sheik Saif bin Zayed announced the arrest on Thursday, according to the National , an Abu Dhabi news organization. Police released video footage of the operation that appears to show a woman being detained at her home.
Not long after the fatal mall attack on Monday, the suspect allegedly planted a makeshift bomb outside of the home of an Egyptian American doctor, according to the National. The bomb was dismantled, and police discovered bomb-making materials in the suspect's home during the arrest.
"We dealt with it under high security measures after the building was evacuated. Similar components [or substances] were found later at the suspect’s house," said Humaid al-Afreet, head of the explosives and weapons department, according to the National.
The victim, a 37-year-old kindergarten teacher and mother of 11-year-old twins, was attacked in the Boutik Mall on the upscale Reem Island. Abu Dhabi, the capital city of United Arab Emirates, is a popular destination for Americans and other Westerners.
Police first released surveillance footage of a suspect who was wearing a black abaya (a traditional women's robe covering the entire body),  black gloves and and a niqab that covered her entire face, except for her eyes. The suspect was shown arriving at and then fleeing the scene of the crime. But authorities initially could not say whether the person under the bulky robe was a woman or a man.
Additional video footage released Thursday show what appears to be the woman's car with a UAE flag used to conceal the license plate. Police also released a photo of what appeared to be blood covering the steering wheel. A large knife covered in blood also was photographed at the scene.
The interior minister of the United Arab Emirates said on Thursday that police have arrested a female suspect in the stabbing death of an American schoolteacher. (AP)
There is still not any word about a motive, but the arrest and the discovery of a bomb at another American's home suggest that they were targeted.
Fears have been growing for Westerners overseas in light of the stepped-up campaign to thwart the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
The United States, the UAE and a coalition of other countries have participated in airstrikes against the terrorist group. In response, Abu Mohammed al-Adnani, an Islamic State spokesman, incited attacks against Westerners in a statement on Dec. 1 -- the same day of the stabbing incident in Abu Dhabi,  according to Agence France-Presse .
In October, the U.S. Embassy and the UAE posted a statement saying that a call for attacks on American teachers in the region had been posted on a jihadist Web forum, but that there was no credible evidence that there was a plot afoot, according to Reuters.
Asked whether this week's events were considered a terrorist attack, Rashid Borshid of the police's Criminal Investigation Department said, according to Reuters , that "this is under investigation now, and I cannot say yes or no now."
Random crime is relatively rare in the UAE, and the federation has sought to be a haven for Westerners at a time of tumult in the Middle East. The State Department currently does not have any travel warnings or alerts for the UAE.
The swift effort to solve this mystery -- and to document it with heavily produced video footage -- shows how important the government believes it is to allay fears of blatant crimes against Westerners.
“Today, we are before a heinous crime the likes of which are unprecedented in our safe country,” the interior minister said, according to the National. “It is a crime that goes against all human values and norms. It was a blatant attack on innocent people that committed no wrongdoing, killing a teacher that worked with future generations and whom everyone recognized as a hard-working and devoted teacher."
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Khamenei Opposes Iran s Hardliners on Nuclear Negotiationsreddit
The popular perception in the West is that Iran's Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, leads Tehran's hardliners against the administration of President Hassan Rouhani, particularly when it comes to the negotiations between Iran and the P5+ 1  group over Iran's nuclear program.
It is also claimed that Khamenei's apparent endorsement of the negotiations is only to prove his claim that the United States is not really interested in reaching an agreement with Iran, and that the Islamic Republic has the sincere upper hand.
But is it this true that Khamenei supports the hardliners in their opposition to the proposed nuclear deal? Accumulated evidence and Khamenei's own words and deeds suggest otherwise.
HARDLINERS ARGUE ACCORD IS A BAD DEAL
It is true that Iran's hardliners consider the Geneva Accord between Iran and the P5+ 1 group as an "extraordinarily bad deal" because, they claim, Iran made many concessions, but received very little in return. After the negotiations were extended on Nov. 24 for another seven months, the hardliners intensified their attacks on the Rouhani administration.
Iran's hardliners oppose the West ideologically, reject liberal democracy, and advocate Islamic fundamentalism. Opposing the West, and in particular the United States, is part of their identity. At the same time, the U.S. crippling economic sanctions against Iran has created many fundamentalist billionaires in Iran and, thus, lifting the sanctions will hurt them. A nuclear agreement with the West will also marginalize the fundamentalists in the political arena.
A good example of Iran's fundamentalists is Hossein Shariatmadari, the managing editor of Kayhan, the mouthpiece of the hardliners. He is a Khamenei appointee, and many believe that he reflects Khamenei's views. In his editorial of Nov. 23 Shariatmadari declared, "Achieving an agreement that would end the 14-year-old confrontation is not only unexpected, but also impossible."
In another editorial on Nov. 25, Shariatmadari triumphantly declared that the extension showed that he was right all along. He attacked President Rouhani and Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, and declared that the only tangible result of the negotiations has been the proof that the United States, as a "racketeer government," cannot be trusted, and that the Geneva Accord was a bad deal for Iran.
Like all Tehran fundamentalists, Shariatmadari enumerated the concessions that Iran has made: stopping the enrichment of uranium at 19.75 percent and converting its stockpile to uranium oxide (which would be very difficult to enrich further); slowing down its research on advanced centrifuges, and suspending the construction of IR-40, the heavy water nuclear reactor in Arak.
In return, Iran, according to Shariatmadari, received only $10.6 billion of its own money frozen in Western banks, and will receive $700 million per month over the next 7 months. At the same time though, Shariatmadari wrote, Iran's total frozen hard currency in western banks has increased to $130 billion from $100 billion at the time of signing the Geneva Accord. He also claimed that the U.S. has conspired with Saudi Arabia to create an oil glut, causing the collapse of its price from $120 per barrel to $70, hence reducing Iran's oil income further, and that "[John] Kerry and Obama cashed in all the concessions, but did not give Iran anything."
At the same time, Saeed Jalili, the ultra-hardline chief nuclear negotiator under former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said , "Continuing the sanction regime is the evidence of the continuing enmity toward the Iranian nation, and needs a proper response." The positions of the two hardliners could be interpreted as reflecting Khamenei's views.
A SMART DICTATOR
But, Khamenei is a smart dictator. He is concerned about the survival of the Islamic Republic and the clerics' power. Although U.S. economic sanctions cannot overthrow his regime, they have inflicted huge damage upon Iran's economy, causing widespread dissatisfaction, anger and poverty among many strata of the society. This undermines Khamenei's ambition and dream of making Iran a powerful world power. He is also keenly aware that military attacks by Israel and the U.S. on Iran will transform his nation into another Iraq or Syria.
Thus, Khamenei supports the resolution of the nuclear dispute and, thus, in his speech to a group of the Basij militia on Nov. 27, he put an end on the hardliners' attacks on the Rouhani administration. He first attacked what he called the "aggressive" policy of the United States for having excessive demands, calling it "not trustworthy." This was intended to mollify the hardliners before he endorsed continuation of the negotiations with the P5+1 group. He declared that the real goal of the U.S. is confronting "the powerful and advancing" Iranian nation through crippling sanctions but, according to him, even the American people do not trust their government.
Khamenei then explained why he thinks so: Obama's approval rating is at its lowest level; the rate of voters' participation in the U.S. midterm elections was very low; the government is confronting the protesting people in Ferguson and elsewhere, and the police are killing "400 innocent people" every year, which indicate " the gap between the American people and their administration ."
Khamenei then turned to the nuclear negotiations, and said, "I do not oppose extending the negotiations for the same reason that I did not oppose them in the first place." He praised Iran's diplomats for "being firm, not caving in" and for "seriously trying hard." Khamenei said that the Western side, "particularly the United States," says "one thing in private meetings, and speaks completely differently in public," referring to the letter that President Obama sent him a while ago, and adding, "They change their positions all the time." Saying that Iran's diplomats "negotiate with solid reasoning," Khamenei declared that, "If the negotiations do not yield results, it is the United States that will be loser," because "they need these negotiations to solve their domestic problems [by distracting people's attentions from them]."
KHAMENEI PREPARING NATION
Khamenei also said that "Iran neither trusts the United States, nor does it need America's trust," and that "if they present logical arguments, we will not oppose them; we accept logic, and fair and wise agreements." In essence, Khamenei was preparing the nation for the eventual agreement that he believes will be coming.
Thus, not only does Khamenei approve the Geneva Accord, he also supports the resolution of the standoff over Iran's nuclear program in an equitable and just framework, one in which Iran's nuclear rights are respected and the economic sanctions are lifted, in return for Iran's guarantee of not pursuing nuclear weapons. Unlike Obama in the United States, Khamenei has the final say on Iran's foreign policy, and thus his support is critical to the success of the negotiations.
If the West, led by the United States, demonstrates flexibility in the nuclear negotiations and lifts the sanctions, a comprehensive agreement can be reached relatively easily, which will open up the way for resolving the crises in Iraq and Syria.
Improving the relations between Iran and the United States will lead to improvement in the state of human rights in Iran, just as the Helsinki Accords of 1975 between the West and East resulted in improved respect for human rights in the Eastern Bloc.
This article was translated by Ali N. Babaei.
Close

Customs should raise foreign cooperation on tax evasion: JaitleyCustoms should raise foreign cooperation on tax evasion: Jaitley
Women s mock parliament aims to help grassroots activistsWomen s mock parliament aims to help grassroots activists
Ashiana Housing enters Chennai marketAshiana Housing enters Chennai market
Oil forecasts dive after OPEC keeps output targetOil forecasts dive after OPEC keeps output target
Oil falls to below $70 in post-OPEC volatilityOil falls to below $70 in post-OPEC volatility
Give Rs 15 500 to get Rs 5.50 crore: Scamsters posing as RBI Governor Raghuram RajanHi Guest
Give Rs 15,500 to get Rs 5.50 crore: Scamsters posing as RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
Taking bank lottery scam to a new level, scamsters are using the name and picture of RBI chief Raghuram Rajan to lure gullible people into making a cash deposit of Rs 15,500 to get a winning amount of Rs 5.50 crore.  The 'lottery' amount that they ...

Canada s Ryerson Futures and Chokhani Group to launch $15 million fundCanada s Ryerson Futures and Chokhani Group to launch $15 million fund
Bank nifty me to teri lag jayrgi zero hi hoga .. same with nifty.. ja ...New Member
17 Followers
Sir, Need your opinion..I am holding Nifty 8600PE and Bank Nifty 18600PE since yesterday. Need I to exit or do you see any bearish trend in the coming week?
In reply to : valine message
3.42 PM Dec 4th

Its a free falling knife. kindly consider the technicals and graph.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy seamec only above 135..with stop loss 127..first target 141.....14...Gold Member
41 Followers
Buy seamec only above 135.. With stop loss 127.. First target 141..... 148... 154... As per technical it will in   accumulation period if it cant break level 135 rs
8.59 PM Dec 4th  | Track

Positive on this stock will move to 300 soon sl 190 . happy trading.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Disney wants to capture the grown-up imaginationDisney wants to capture the grown-up imagination
Sayantani Kar | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 08:44 PM IST
‘Is that Mickey Mouse on your saree?’ is a question very few would have imagined they would get asked. Even the ardent Disney fans, including grown-ups, would be wont to think they would find Mickey Mouse and friends or other Disney characters and of course, the Marvel superheroes, on casual college wear and accessories when it comes to adult fashion, besides the expected school gear and toys.
However, the tie-up that Disney India’s licensing arm has done with designer house Satya Paul would soon see sarees (starting at Rs 11,995), tunics and scarves (Rs 2,995 upwards) bearing instantly-recognisable motifs of Mickey and Minnie Mouse (mouse ear, white-on-red polka dots). Like most of its licensing deals, this too, is a revenue-sharing one, with marketing duties borne by both.
Disney regards this as a showcase project that highlights the span of its characters’ timeless appeal, while Satya Paul says reiterating the Disney motifs would be helped by the design house’s expertise in prints.
“Disney is thought of as a family brand and its consumer products are what you can take home. When kids grow up to become parents, they remain fans. So, cuts across generations. Also, with Marvel (comic-book superheroes like Batman) and Lucasfilms (Star Wars) and Disney’s own characters, we have seen adult fashion gain ground in India among the youth,” says Abhishek Maheshwari, vice-president and head, consumer products, Disney India.
Sanjay Kapoor, managing director, Genesis Colors, holding company of Satya Paul, “The pricing has been kept more aggressive (lower) than other Satya Paul lines to make it more affordable for a young audience. The sarees with a modern twist leverages our strength in print.”
The American entertainment giant, with presence in broadcasting, film-production and licensing (or consumer products) in India, has been working on building up its licensing portfolio over the last two years. The licensing business spans four of Disney’s brands – Disney Classics & Entertainment, Pixar Animation Studios, Marvel and Lucasfilm.
The consumer retail sales (which then get divided according to the revenue-sharing terms) is around Rs 1,000 crore. The Walt Disney Company, the parent of Disney India, is the largest retail character licensor in the world with $45 billion in character merchandising retail sales globally in 2013.
While globally toys rule its consumer products business, in India, it is fashion that brings in the moolah with around 40 per cent (kidswear, footwear, accessories and adult fashion), of which adult fashion comprises over 20 per cent. “In all emerging market, the consumption basket is similar, we would rather spend more on clothes than toys.” The others categories like toys, stationery, publishing, home furnishing and food would be between 10-20 per cent each.
e-Commerce portals have played a major role in Disney’s traction in apparel accessories. Maheshwari says players like Myntra has done well for it, while the current Satya Paul line would be exclusively sold on Jabong. He says, “When people wear characters, they want to be seen as they like to be seen as wearing their attitude. So, all kinds of topwear – T-shirts, sweatshirts, hoodies – work best. We have interesting designs on shorts and chinos as well. Accessories such as bags and flip-flops too do well.”
Offline, the clothes and accessories of the current line would be available at the 10 flagship Satya Paul stores across metros till February, after which Maheshwari says it would be time to mull a new line.
Producing a feature film like Khoobsurat, ramping up its focus on adult fashion, Disney is oncourse to recapture the imagination of the Indian children who grew up.

Karnataka seeks hike in import duty on raw sugar to 40%Karnataka seeks hike in import duty on raw sugar to 40%
BS Reporter | Bengaluru Dec 04, 2014 08:32 PM IST
The Karnataka government today urged the Central government to increase import duty on raw sugar to 40 per cent from the present 25 per cent in order to arrest the price fall in open market sugar. The price of sugar has dropped to around Rs 24 per kg in the last week.
Chief Minister Siddaramaiah today submitted a memorandum in this regard to Union minister for food and civil supplies Ram Vilas Paswan at New Delhi.
The chief minister also requested the Centre to increase the percentage of Ethnol in petroleum products to 10 per cent immediately. This would help sugar mills to procure cane from farmers at the price fixed by the state government and start crushing.
Siddaramaiah also urged the Centre to relax norms for Karnataka in the purchase of maize for distribution through PDS shops. In Karnataka maize is not widely consumed as food and so it is not distributed through the public distribution system, he said.
Later, talking to reporters, Siddaramaiah said the state government would file an appeal in the Supreme Court on the Kasturi Rangan report on Western Ghats based on the recommendations of the cabinet sub-committee, which is studying the report.
"We will request the Supreme Court to extend the deadline for filing an appeal against the Kasturi Rangan Report. Many legislators and members of parliament have expressed concern on the implementation of the report in Western Ghats. We have also directed deputy commissioners of the districts falling in Western Ghats region to mobilise opinion of villagers and produce in the Court," he said.
He said the government has also urged the ministry of railways to take up immediately 14 pending railway projects in Karnataka, for which the previous UPA government had issued clearances. The state government is ready to provide required land for those projects and also release its share of funds, he said.
The state government has also requested the Centre to immediately release the second installment of Rs 2,204 crore for implementation of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee scheme (MGNREGA).
He also requested members of parliament from Karnataka to put pressure on the Central government for immediate approval for setting up of Biomolecular Engineering Centre near the Kempegowda International Airport. The state government has sent a proposal to Centre for Rs 490 crore in the first phase and Rs 250 crore in the second phase and waiting for the approval. The state government would provide 20 acre land, which has been already identified.
The chief minister also urged the central government to allow the opening of airport at Bidar, for which GMR Infrastructure Limited has raised objection. The airport falls within 150 kms from the Hyderabad international airport, which is operated by GMR Infrastructure. The state government has spent Rs 3.5 crore for building an airport terminal, he added.

Non-scheduled operators may get regular flights on regional routesNon-scheduled operators may get regular flights on regional routes
Sharmistha Mukherjee | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 12:43 AM IST
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapati Raju Pusapati is examining the feasibility of allowing non-scheduled operators (NSOPs) to publish schedules and operate regular flights to improve regional air connectivity.
“There have been requests from various sections of the public to provide air connectivity to regional centres within the country, which are either inadequately connected or not connected at present,” a senior official at the ministry said.
“The minister has directed the possibility of removing distinctions between scheduled and non-scheduled operators be considered so that a large number of aircraft with NSOPs can be brought to productive utilisation,” he added.
The current policy permits NSOPs to fly to various destinations in the country but they cannot publish a schedule.
The government had in August prepared a draft policy for promoting regional and remote-area air connectivity but it did not made headway because of opposition from scheduled airlines.
The draft policy had envisioned inducting more aircraft to serve smaller cities and towns by bringing in planes used by NSOPs as charters. The draft policy had said NSOPs could publish schedules and pick up passengers regularly by taking a scheduled commuter permit. This permit would allow them to fly scheduled flights across the country but would bar them from having a hub or base in any of the six metro cities.
Scheduled commuter airlines were required to operate at least four flights a week on any one or more regional routes according to the draft guidelines. Scheduled commuter airlines could undertake any other operation provided they complied with their scheduled operations. Scheduled commuter airlines could operate in any area or region but only to or from any one metro airport
The draft guidelines would have allowed large scheduled carriers like IndiGo, Jet Airways and  Go Air to purchase miles from the NSOPs and regional carriers to meet commitments under the route dispersal policy to deploy 6 per cent of their capacity on metro routes on 100 identified smaller cities and towns and also on routes within the state of Jammu and Kashmir between Srinagar, Jammu and Leh.
NSOPs with aircraft capable of flying 20 passengers or less would be given four credits per passenger kilometre flown, nearly three times more than the 1.5 credits that would be given to larger scheduled carriers bigger planes. NSOPs and regional carriers could trade these credits and the larger carriers could buy them to meet their commitments under the route dispersal guidelines.
Additionally, the draft guidelines proposed waiving landing, parking and route navigation and facilitation (RNFC) charges, passenger service fees (PSF), fuel throughput and any other charge levied by the Airports Authority of India (AAI) at specific airports for a period of three years from the date of effect of the policy. Private and charter aircraft operators would not be able to avail of these concessions except when their aircraft were leased by national scheduled airlines or scheduled commuter airlines for carrying out scheduled operations.
However, the policy could not be finalised due to opposition from scheduled airlines which said they were cash-strapped and could not undertake the proposed obligations of connecting regional and remote areas. Raju has now again asked the civil aviation secretary to look into the issue of removing the distinction between scheduled and non-scheduled operators to enhance regional air connectivity.

ECB slashes eurozone forecastsDraghi looks to QE despite governing council split
Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/058c69b4-7bad-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Weaker oil boosts managed futures fundsManaged futures funds ride high on back of tumbling oil price
Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/92133aa4-7b38-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Atom Bank secures backing of ONeillDigital challenger bank Atom secures backing of Jim O’Neill
Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4b530cae-7ba4-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex rallies over 300 pointsSave this video
Copy URL
The S&amp;P BSE Sensex rallied over 300 points in trade to touch its fresh record high of 28765.52, led by gains in ICICI Bank, HDFC, SBI, HDFC Bank and ITC.
35

Q2 GDP growth at 5.3% vs 5.2%Save this video
Copy URL
Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth for the second quarter of the current financial year slowed to 5.3% versus 5.7% in Q1. An ET Now poll had projected that GDP growth would have slowed down to 5%. However, the growth is better than 5.2% in Q2 last fiscal.
30

BMW M3 and M4 launched in IndiaSave this video
Copy URL
BMW enthusiasts have reasons to celebrate as the highly anticipated M3 sedan and M4 Coupe have been launched in India.
74

Cigarette makers smoke out bears; gain upto 10%Shares of cigarette companies jump up to 10% on bourses
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 03.25PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(ITC jumped 5.67 per cent…)
MUMBAI: Shares of cigarette companies such as Godfrey Phillips and ITC surged as much as 10.4 per cent today following reports that a Health Ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold.
ITC jumped 5.67 per cent to Rs 383.60 on the BSE , becoming the top gainer amongst the 30 Sensex components.
Shares of Godfrey Phillips surged 10.38 per cent to Rs 650 and VST Industries zoomed 6.52 per cent to Rs 1,991.60.
A Health Ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations against taking drastic regulatory steps.
At a meeting called by Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu , Health Minister J P Nadda assured the MPs that he will look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and industry before taking any policy decision.
India is the second-largest tobacco producer in the world and its export earns the country foreign exchange over Rs 6,000 crore annually.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt considering proxy voting  e-postal ballot facilities for NRIse-postal ballot
(The proposal to extend the…)
NEW DELHI: The proposal to extend the facility of proxy voting and e-postal ballot to NRIs is under consideration of the government, the Lok Sabha was informed today.
Law Minister D V Sadananda Gowda said the Committee set up by the Election Commission for exploring the options for providing other modes of voting to overseas (NRI) electors has recommended for voting though e-postal ballot paper and proxy voting as "additional alternative options".
"The Supreme Court has asked the government to submit its response to the said report. The matter is under consideration of the government," he said in a written reply.
Section 60 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, provides for facility of proxy voting to the members of the armed forces and members of the force to which the provisions of the Army Act, 1950 apply. But there is no provision of e-voting in the RP Act, Gowda said.
Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath had recently said that if the proposal sails through, then NRIs will be sent ballot papers electronically and they will have to return it to poll authorities "physically". He said the law will have to be amended for the purpose.
"The committee is of the view that e-postal ballot, where blank postal ballot is transferred electronically to NRIs and returned by post, can be employed after validation of the process and pilot implementation in one or two constituencies and then be scaled up for parliamentary elections if found feasible, practicable and meeting the objectives of free and fair elections," said the EC report given to the SC.
The 50-page report was prepared by a 12-member committee led by Vinod Zutshi, Deputy Election Commissioner, for 'Exploring Feasibility of Alternative Options for Voting by Overseas Electors'.
The report is the result of a public interest litigation filed in SC against the "inherent inequality" created by Section 20(A) of the Representation of the People (RP) Act which insists on the physical presence of an NRI in his local constituency at the time of voting.
According to EC website, after enrolment, an overseas elector will be able to cast his or her vote in an election in the constituency, in person, at the polling station provided for the part where he is registered as an overseas elector.
According to the provisions of the RP Act, a person who is a citizen of India and who has not acquired the citizenship of any other country and is otherwise eligible to be registered as a voter and who is absent from his place of ordinary residence in India owing to employment, education or otherwise is eligible to be registered as a voter in the constituency in which his place of residence in India, as mentioned in his passport, is located.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ECB rates unchanged at 0.05% | BoE keeps rates at record lowYou are here: Home > Collections
ECB rates unchanged at 0.05%, markets await stimulus hints
AFP Dec 4, 2014, 06.30PM IST
Tags:
ECB
(Draghi will assess the…)
FRANKFURT: The European Central Bank held its key interest rates unchanged, as expected, on Thursday, but is expected to prime the markets for more anti-deflation measures next year.
At its final policy meeting of this year, the ECB held its main "refinancing" rate steady at 0.05 per cent, and its two other rates -- the marginal lending and the deposit rates -- at 0.30 per cent and minus 0.20 per cent respectively.
ECB President Mario Draghi was scheduled to explain the reasoning behind the decisions at his monthly news conference.
Given the alarming drop in eurozone inflation in recent months, pressure has increased on the ECB to undertake massive stimulus measures like central banks in Britain, Japan and the United States have done.
According to official data, inflation in the 18 countries that share the euro slowed to 0.3 per cent in November from 0.4 per cent the previous month, feeding fears of imminent deflation.
Falling prices may sound good for the consumer, but they can trigger a vicious spiral where businesses and households delay purchases, throttling demand and causing companies to lay off workers.
The ECB is scheduled to publish its own latest updated inflation and growth forecasts and is worried that medium-term inflation expectations could become permanently de-anchored from its target of around 2.0 per cent.
The ECB has already launched a multi-pronged offensive against deflation, cutting its interest rates to new all-time lows, making unprecedented amounts of cheap loans available to banks via its LTRO and TLTRO programmes, and unveiling asset purchase programmes (ABSs and covered bonds) to pump liquidity into the financial system.
But it has also hinted at more radical action in the form of quantitative easing (QE), a policy used by other central banks to stimulate their sluggish economies.
  QE is the large-scale purchase of government bonds and such a policy has many critics in Europe, not least the German central bank or Bundesbank, because it is felt that it takes the ECB outside its remit and is effectively a licence to print money to get governments out of debt.
Natixis economist Alan Lemangnen said he "did not expect the ECB to announce sovereign bonds purchases. But we expect the current easing package to be widened."
Among the possible easing measures, there was a "high probability" that Draghi would announce more favourable conditions on the TLTRO programme, Lemangnen said.
And the current assets purchase programmes "should be widened," the expert predicted.
Capital Economics economist Jonathan Loynes said Draghi might still surprise the markets with a full-blown quantitative easing programme.
"But recent comments from vice president Vitor Constancio suggest that the governing council wants more time to assess the impact of existing policies and a delay until the next policy meeting, on January 22, is perhaps more likely," Loynes said.
Despite recent tentative signs of a small improvement in some activity, the general weakness of the economy would be reflected in downward revisions to the ECB staff projections for both growth and inflation, Loynes said.
"If it does not come today, we expect a programme of sovereign debt purchases to be launched in January. But whether it will be big and effective enough to revive the eurozone economy is another matter," the expert said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Boost development of modern weapons: Xi to PLAChinese military
(Xi said advanced weaponry…)
BEIJING:" Chinese President Xi Jinping today called for accelerating the development of military equipment to make the world's largest army even stronger, as a massive programme for its modernisation was launched.
Xi, who is also the chief of the military besides being head of the communist Party, said advanced weaponry is the embodiment of a modern army and a crucial support for national security and rejuvenation.
The equipment system building should be information-led, and pay great attention to the weaponry's quality, Xi said addressing a conference of the People's Liberation Army ( PLA ) on equipment here.
The equipment system building is now facing a period of strategic opportunities and at a key point for fast development, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
Besides being the world's largest with about 2.3 million personnel, Chinese military last year had a budget of about USD 132 billion -- the second highest after US's military budget stated to be around USD 700 billion.
China is on a massive military modernisation drive with heavy emphasis on latest weapons including long-range missile systems, air craft carriers, frigates, stealth bombers and cybar war technology.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SAIL share sale floor price fixed at Rs 83; may fetch Rs 1700 croreSAIL share sale floor price fixed at Rs 83; may fetch Rs 1700 crore
By ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.41AM IST
0
Share More
The government will give a discount of 5 per cent to retail investors in the offering, a senior finance ministry official said, 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government set the floor price for the sale of a 5% stake in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) at a 2.75% discount as its record asset-sale programme gets underway on Friday.
In a notification to the stock exchanges, the company said that "the floor price of the offer in terms of Sebi OFS (offer for sale) circular shall be Rs 83." It will also offer a 5% discount to retail investors , said a senior finance ministry official .
The government plans to offload around 20.65 crore shares of SAIL in the offer for sale (OFS) on Friday.
The stock ended at Rs 85.35 Thursday on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), down 0.35%. "We expect to raise around Rs 1,500-1,700 crore from the stake sale," said the finance ministry official cited above.
The SAIL public offer will kick off the government's disinvestment programme through which it aims to raise Rs 58,425 crore this fiscal. Of the total,Rs 43,425 crore is expected to come from stake sales in government-controlled companies and Rs 15,000 crore from those in which it has a minority stake.
In July 2012, the Cabinet had approved a 10.82% stake sale in the state-run steel maker. The first tranche of the disinvestment was completed in March 2013 when the government sold just a 5.82% stake in the company on account of weak market conditions.The stake sale will also help the company meet Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI) listing norms, which require the government's holding to be lowered to 75%.In 2013, the government had sold a 5.82% stake in the company for around Rs 1,514 crore. The foreign participation was about 12% of the offer size. The government has lined up stake sales in NHPC, Coal India and ONGC as part of its effort to meet the disinvestment target.
The government will divest a 10% stake in Coal India, in which it holds 89.65%. Last fiscal, the government could mobilise only Rs 15,820 crore through disinvestment against a budgeted target of Rs 40,000 crore. In 2012-13, of the Rs 30,000-crore target, only Rs 23,957 crore was raised.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Realty mkt sees $4.5 bn investment during J...CBRE
(According to CBRE, institutional…)
MUMBAI: Country's real estate market attracted investments worth nearly $4.5 billion during the January-September period this year, with Mumbai receiving a significant part of it, says a report.
According to property consultant CBRE, institutional investors pumped in $4.5 billion into India's realty sector during the first nine months of 2014, an indication of improved investor sentiment after the formation of a new government at the Centre.
Out of the total investments, land and development stage transactions attracted the highest quantum of nearly 60 per cent from domestic as well as foreign entities during the period, indicating perhaps a significant amount of investment in greenfield and brownfield development, CBRE said.
The commercial office segment, meanwhile, attracted more than 20 per cent of this total investment amount during the period in review.
Mumbai attracted the highest investments, followed by Delhi and Bangalore, the report shows.
In terms of total real estate investments made in Mumbai and Delhi during the period, land and development stage transactions spelt nearly 70 per cent and more than 60 per cent of total realty investments in the cities, respectively.
In case of Bangalore, more than 50 per cent of total investments were attracted by the commercial office segment.
According to the study, office space transactions increased by about 20 per cent year-on-year in the first nine months, with more large-scale space leases and higher lease volumes on an average over the previous year across leading cities in India.
Investors were keen to invest in completed and well-leased core commercial office assets and IT parks across key cities, it said.
"While investor interest in India and southeast Asia steadily increased over the first nine months of the year, this interest is yet to translate into an increase in investment turnover. India, recorded a sizable uptick in business confidence following the coming of a new government earlier in the year," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

McDonald s-Bakshi dispute: HC stays CLB orderCompany Law Board
(A bench of Justice Sanjeev Sachdeva passed…)
NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court has stayed a Company Law Board (CLB) order to transfer the litigation between McDonald's and VikramBakshi, estranged North and East India partner of US fast-food giant, to the Chennai bench of CLB.
A bench of Justice Sanjeev Sachdeva passed the order after Bakshi's counsel informed the court that there was no consent for transferring the litigation to the Chennai bench.
The matter is fixed for further consideration on January 15, 2015.
"It is submitted that the Chairman of the Company Law Board has transferred the matter to the member on the Chennai Bench for hearing the same. The counsel for the appellant submits that though the order of the Chairman records that the consent was given by the appellant, an application has been filed before the Chairman that no consent was given on behalf of the appellant and a modification has been sought.
"In the meantime, till the next date, the operation of the order dated November 27 of the Chairman is stayed. It shall be clarified that the interim order shall not come in the way of Chairman disposing of the clarification application filed by the appellant," the bench said.
On January 30, Bakshi had offered buying out the US food major's stake in their joint venture Connaught Plaza Restaurants.
The two parties are fighting for management control of the joint venture firm before CLB.
Incorporated in June 1995, Connaught Plaza Restaurants is a 50:50 joint venture between McDonald's Corporation and Vikram Bakshi . The JV has been running fast-food outlets in North and East India.
In a public notice on August 30, McDonald's India said "Vikram Bakshi has ceased to be the Managing Director of Connaught Plaza Restaurants Ltd (CPRL) pursuant to expiry of Bakshi's term on July 17."
The move was challenged by Bakshi before CLB which had on September 16 last year directed maintaining status quo with respect to shareholding and board pattern and the right of the call option until its further order.
Meanwhile, McDonald's had on November 28 terminated its joint venture agreement with Bakshi by sending a notice and moved the London Court of International Arbitration (LCIA) to settle the dispute.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall Street dips at open after Draghi commentsWall Street dips at open after Draghi comments
Reuters Dec 4, 2014, 08.13PM IST
Tags:
Dow Jones
(US stock opened lower after…)
NEW YORK: US stock opened lower on Thursday after European Central Bank president Mario Draghi brushed off pressure to act and said the bank would reassess the impact of its monetary policy stimulus early next year and take further action, if necessary.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 21.32 points, or 0.12 per cent, to 17,891.3, the S&P 500 lost 2.8 points, or 0.13 per cent, to 2,071.53 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 2.58 points, or 0.05 per cent, to 4,771.89.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NASA scrubs Orion launch; will try again on ...You are here: Home > Collections > Nasa
NASA scrubs Orion launch; will try again on Friday
AP Dec 4, 2014, 08.40PM IST
Tags:
Kennedy Space Center
(Wind gusts and sticky fuel…)
CAPE CANAVERAL: Wind gusts and sticky fuel valves conspired to keep NASA's new Orion spacecraft on the launch pad Thursday, delaying a crucial test flight meant to revitalize human exploration.
NASA promised to try again Friday morning.
The space agency's new countdown clock got a workout as problem after problem cropped up in the final four minutes, and the count switched back and forth.
A stray boat in the launch-danger zone kicked things off badly. Then excessive wind twice halted the countdown, followed by valve trouble on the unmanned Delta IV rocket that could not be fixed in time. Declining battery power in the rocket's video camera system reinforced the decision to quit for the day.
Orion is how NASA hopes to one day send astronauts to Mars. This inaugural flight, while just 4{ hours, will send the unmanned capsule 3,600 miles (5,800 kilometers) into space.
It's the first attempt to send a spacecraft capable of carrying humans beyond a couple hundred miles of Earth since the Apollo moon program.
The ultimate goal, in the decades ahead, is to use Orion to carry people to Mars and back.
NASA anticipated 26,000 guests for the historic send-off _ the roads leading into Kennedy Space Center were packed well before dawn _ and the atmosphere was reminiscent of the shuttle-flying days. ``Go Orion!!'' urged a hotel billboard in nearby Cocoa Beach.
A Thursday launch would have been special for another reason: NASA launch commentator Mike Curie noted that it was the 16th anniversary of the launch of the first U.S. piece of the International Space Station, by shuttle Endeavour. ``That was the beginning of the space station, and today is the dawn of Orion,'' he said.
Orion is aiming for two orbits on this inaugural run. On the second lap around the home planet, the spacecraft should reach a peak altitude of 3,600 miles, high enough to ensure a re-entry speed of 20,000 mph (32,200 kph)and an environment of 4,000 degrees (2,200 Celsius). Splashdown will be in the Pacific off the Mexican Baja coast, where Navy ships already are waiting.
NASA's Mission Control in Houston was all set to oversee the entire 4{-hour operation once the rocket was in flight. The flight program was loaded into Orion's computers well in advance, allowing the spacecraft to fly essentially on autopilot. Flight controllers could intervene in the event of an emergency breakdown.
The spacecraft is rigged with 1,200 sensors to gauge everything from heat to vibration to radiation. At 11 feet (3.4 meters) tall with a 16.5-foot (5-meter) base, Orion is bigger than the old-time Apollo capsules and, obviously, more advanced. As NASA's program manager Mark Geyer noted, ``The inside of the capsule is totally different.''
NASA deliberately kept astronauts off this first Orion.
Managers want to test the riskiest parts of the spacecraft _ the heat shield, parachutes, various jettisoning components _ before committing to a crew. The earliest Orion might carry passengers is 2021; asteroids are on the space agency's radar sometime in the 2020s and Mars, the grand prize, in the 2030s.
Lockheed Martin Corp., which is handling the $370 million test flight for NASA, opted for the powerful Delta IV rocket this time around. Future Orion missions will rely on NASA's still-in-development megarocket known as SLS, or Space Launch System. The first Orion-SLS combo launch is targeted for 2018.
NASA's last trip beyond low-Earth orbit in a vessel built for people was Apollo 17 in December 1972.
``It's a thrilling prospect when you think about actually exploring the solar system,'' space station commander Butch Wilmore said from orbit as the Orion countdown entered its final hour. ``Who knows where it will take us, who knows where it will go. We'll find out as time goes forward, but this first step is a huge one.''
NASA's new countdown clock got a workout Thursday morning. First a stray boat in the danger zone halted the countdown, then gusty winds held everything up with less than four minutes to go. A new launch time was set nearly an hour later, only to be held up again by winds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Adopt easy norms for m-banking: RBI to banksATM
(The RBI asked banks to make…)
MUMBAI: The RBI today asked banks to make registration process for mobile banking services easy and activate services at the earliest to expand the reach of mobile banking in the country.
Releasing the operative guidelines for mobile banking transactions, RBI said there is a slow pick-up of mobile banking services despite the high mobile density in the country and banks should strive to provide options for easy registration for mobile banking services to their customers.
"The time taken between registration of customers for mobile banking services and activation of the service should also be minimal," RBI said.
RBI said there is a need for a greater degree of standardisation for on-boarding of customers for such services for new customers as well as existing account holders whose mobile numbers are available but are not registered for mobile banking.
It said banks may quicken mobile pin (MPIN) generation process by giving customers option to change MPIN at ATMs, using MPIN mailers (like PIN mailers for cards) or they may also develop a common website as an industry initiative.
"Banks are also advised to undertake customer education and awareness programme in multiple languages through different channels of communication to popularise their process of mobile banking registration/activation and its usage," RBI added.
It said banks can also use their Interactive Voice Response (IVR) system and phone banking channels, mails, SMS, website, kiosks, social media to promote and facilitate registration and activation of customers for mobile banking.
"Through ATM channel - an alert / message can be given (at the ATM itself) by banks when the customer transacts at the ATM, that she/he has not registered any mobile number with the bank," RBI added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ministry gives nod for Shivaji statue in Ara...Environment Ministry gives nod for Shivaji statue in Arabian Sea
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 08.51PM IST
Tags:
Arabian Sea
(The Environment Ministry…)
NEW DELHI: The Environment Ministry today gave its nod to a plan for constructing a grand statue for Maratha warrior king Shivaji in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Mumbai.
Union Minister of State for Environment and Forest (MoEF) Prakash Javadekar said clearance has been given and a notification for the same would be out soon.
"The issue of having a statue of Shivaji Maharaj, which was pending for the last few years, has been sorted out. The Chief Minister of Maharashtra had discussion with me a few days back and I had assured him to expedite the process soon.
"Today, we have given clearance for the issue and a notification would be out by tonight," Javadekar told a news conference here.
The Congress-led Democratic Front government in Maharashtra had first made an announcement on Shivaji memorial in 2004. The issue had been pending since long as it had not got environment clearance. The then Congress-NCP government had also allocated Rs 100 crore for the project.
The memorial was supposed to be built on the lines of the Statue of Liberty in the US and Swami Vivekananda Rock Memorial in Kanyakumari.
The proposed 309-foot-tall statue, planned to be located off the Marine Drive along the Arabian Sea, had faced opposition from the Navy. It was also pointed out that the project will violate the Coastal Regulatory Zone (CRZ) norms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The big news India s Chartered Accountants must read todayICAI announces new framework, tightens norms
Recommend
Link
13 days ago, ET NOW
To boost the corporate governance, the accounting financing regulator, ICAI has announced new norms to tighten the loopholes in the accounting and avoid Satyam like  frauds.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - 14 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

India to host African summit next year if Ebola outbreak endsIndia to host African summit next year if Ebola outbreak ends
Diamond units want to source more roughs from RussiaDiamond units want to source more roughs from Russia
Cigarette firm share prices up on back of Centre s decisionCigarette firm share prices up on back of Centre s decision
Hopes of global stimulus  ITC lift Nifty to record highHopes of global stimulus  ITC lift Nifty to record high
Campus calling 40 IIT students get Rs 1 crplus offersCampus calling 40 IIT students get Rs 1 crplus offers
NBCC  Air India sign MOU to develop airlines surplus landNBCC  Air India sign MOU to develop airlines surplus land
SEBI weighs allowing corporate bond re-issuancesSEBI weighs allowing corporate bond re-issuances
