RJD president Lalu Prasad Yadav and SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav all set to establish familytiesBy: Press Trust of India | Lucknow |
Posted: December 6, 2014 9:33 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 8:01 pm
After having joined hands with each other politically, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and RJD president Lalu Prasad Yadav are all set to establish family ties. Lalu’s youngest daughter Raj Laksmhi is marrying Mulayam’s grandson and MP Tej Pratap Singh, sources said.
Lalu and his wife Rabri Devi, both former chief ministers of Bihar are coming to Lucknow on Sunday to perform a pre-engagement ceremony. The event will start with a ‘shagun’ ceremony at Mulayam’s residence, they said.
Lalu and Rabri would be accompanied by their son Tejaswi, eldest daughter Misa and other relatives, sources said.
On Mulayam’s side, CM Akhilesh Yadav, SP national general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav, senior cabinet minister Shivpal Singh Yadav and other family members would be present. A grand ring ceremony is scheduled in Delhi on December 16.
The two Yadavs are in the forefront of consolidation of opposition forces, bringing six constituents of the erstwhile ‘Janata Parivar’ under the banner of one party.
These parties include SP, Janata Dal (Secular), Rashtriya Janata Dal, Janata Dal (United), Indian National Lok Dal and Samajwadi Janata Party.

More US troops than planned to stay in Afghanistan:HagelBy: Associated Press | Kabul |
Posted: December 6, 2014 10:08 pm
U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Saturday the United States will keep as many as 1,000 more troops in Afghanistan than planned for the first part of 2015.
At a news conference at the presidential palace with President Ashraf Ghani, Hagel said the original plan to cut U.S. troop levels to 9,800 by the end of this year had been abandoned, but not because of a recent surge in Taliban attacks.
Hagel said the U.S. will keep up to 10,800 troops for the first few months of next year and then restart the drawdown, which is scheduled to reach 5,500 troops by the end of 2015.
The U.S. decided to keep additional forces in the country temporarily because planned troop commitments by U.S. allies for a NATO train-and-assist mission starting in January have been slow to materialize.
President Barack Obama “has provided U.S. military commanders the flexibility to manage any temporary force shortfall that we might experience for a few months as we allow for coalition troops to arrive in theater,” he said. “But the president’s authorization will not change our troops’ missions, or the long-term timeline for our drawdown,” he added.
On his final visit to Afghanistan as U.S. defense secretary, Hagel said with striking optimism that he believes Afghans will successfully put down a surge in Taliban attacks in the capital and stabilize the nation.
Hagel arrived in Kabul on a previously unannounced trip one day after Obama declared he would nominate one of Hagel’s former deputies, Ashton Carter, to succeed Hagel, who resigned under pressure on November 24.
In an interview with reporters traveling with him from Washington aboard a military aircraft, Hagel was in a reflective mood about America’s longest war. He recalled arriving in Kabul in January 2002 as a member of a congressional delegation when security was so dicey that the lawmakers arrived under cover of darkness and left before dawn. Hagel at the time was a Republican senator from Nebraska.
The Taliban, which had ruled Afghanistan since 1996, were forced from power in late 2001 just weeks after a U.S.-led invasion prompted by the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
But they recovered gradually after the U.S. shifted its military focus to Iraq in 2003, and by 2008 the U.S. was conceding that the war in Afghanistan was stalemated. Hagel, on his fourth trip to Afghanistan as defense secretary, said it should not be surprising that the Taliban are still able to launch significant attacks in the capital.
“The Taliban are going to continue to have pockets of resurgence, and it’s predictable that they would do everything they possibly could to disrupt” the new Afghan government under Ghani and Chief Executive Officer Abdullah Abdullah, Hagel said.
The Taliban clearly are aiming continued…

Ex-Noida Authority Chairman Yadav Singh on blackmoney SITradarBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 10:26 pm
Controversial Noida Authority official Yadav Singh, accused of amassing illegal wealth, has come under the scanner of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on blackmoney as it on Saturday asked the CBDT to share information with ED so that money laundering charges could be pressed against him and his associates.
SIT Chairman Justice (retd) M B Shah and Vice-Chairman Justice (retd) Arijit Pasayat held a meeting and reviewed the case with CBDT officials led by Chairperson Anita Kapur and I-T officers from the investigations directorate in Lucknow who had carried out extensive raids last month on Singh’s premises and a number of companies with which his wife is believed to be associated with.
After the meeting, the SIT asked the Director General (I-T investigations) Lucknow to share information of this case with the Enforcement Directorate so that Yadav could also be investigated under the criminal provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
The SIT, according to sources, has taken this case of alleged tax evasion seriously and it suspects generation of a huge amount of illegal funds in the capital, in which the I-T department has already seized huge cash and is scrutinising voluminous documents of real estate projects being executed by Yadav in the national capital region.
According to an official statement issued by the Finance Ministry, the SIT after the meeting, also asked Kapur to personally monitor the probe in the case.
I-T searches on the premises of Yadav and his wife last month had led to the recovery of huge cash, two kg gold and diamond jewellery even as the department has brought under its scanner over a dozen bank accounts of the duo and private firms operated by them.
“As the search (on Singh) is being conducted by Director General Lucknow, it was directed that Chairperson CBDT would monitor the search, seizure and further appropriate proceedings against Yadav Singh and other connected persons.
“DG and search officer (of the case) shall convey the information to the Director of the Enforcement Directorate to take appropriate action and to investigate the matter further from the angle of money laundering. Thereafter, SIT would further monitor the investigations,” the statement said.

Hyper-competition bad for telecom industry: ...Digital India
(Piyush Goyal, who was part…)
NEW DELHI: Asking government to take steps to rectify the structure of telecom industry, Vodafone India's chief Marten Pieters today said it is not possible for 10-11 operators to survive in the market.
Speaking during a panel discussion, Pieters also said that the government is taking a "backseat" on this issue of competition -- a charge which was immediately rejected by Union Minister Piyush Goyal who said at the same event that it was not the government's job to restrict competition.
Pieters, who said government needs to rectify the telecom industry structure to make initiatives like Digital India and smart cities a success, clarified that he was not against competition but felt that 'hyper-competition' has proved to be counterproductive for the industry.
"...the government is not responsible for our profits but it is responsible for the industry structure because it (telecom) is a heavily regulated industry... If the digital India agenda and the smart cities which the government is talking about and where we are all very supportive, if that needs to happen than you have to fix this problem, one way or the other," he said at the 'India Economic Conclave'.
Asserting that it was not possible for 10-11 telecom operators to survive in the market, Pieters said, "The industry structure is wrong, you need to rectify the industry structure... I have many discussions with the government... I think the government is taking too much, in my view, a backseat in this competitive issue."
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal, who was part of the same panel, however said it was not the government's job to restrict competition to take care of the interests of the existing players.
"I think it's a little unfair to say that if one has boarded the train, the government should not allow others to board the train... So, I beg to disagree that its government's job to restrict the competition and take care of interests of existing players," Goyal said.
Pieters, immediately, clarified he is not asking to restrict competition, but he felt that giving six new licenses some years ago was not well thought through by the government, as the impact of that step has not been good overall.
"Of course competition is good, but hyper competition is counterproductive in this industry," Pieters added.
Across the globe, Vodafone India head said, usually there are 3-5 telecom operators in a country and the financial health of the fifth one is not very great. Its only the top two operators which make good profits, he claimed.
Pieters had earlier also said telecom industry in India was in a mess and it was a result of the thinking that more the competition, the better it is.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi may be an agent of change  but he has to reshape an entireoceanBy: Express News Service |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 2:09 pm
Former Union minister Arun Shourie talks about the ‘impenetrable fog’ that surrounds those who assume office and how the media makes it more dense.
P Vaidyanathan Iyer: What do you think about the government and the buzz around PM Narendra Modi’s style of functioning?
I don’t want to use harsh words but the  consensus seems to be that when all is said and done, more is said than done. I am sure sincere efforts are being made and they may yield results, but as Akbar Allahabadi said, ‘Plateon ke aane ki awaaz toh aa rahi hai, khaana nahin aa raha (The  plates’ sound can be heard but the food is not coming)’.
Harish Damodaran: Why is the food not coming?
In every government, including this one, the focus is on announcing new schemes. Each scheme adds a task to the hands of the government/state. People in office think their marks will depend on the number of schemes they have announced. Yet, in spite of all the talk, we do not attach importance to the State — its functioning, personnel, institutions, rules, etc. With the kind of personnel any government in India chooses for institutions, does it show they attach importance to the State? We always think of reforms as one scheme — GST aayega ya nahin, insurance Bill pass hoga ya nahin. But the real theme of reforms has been to reduce the role of the State in our lives. We continue to do the opposite. That’s why things don’t happen. And rationalisations develop for this. An article commented on Mr Modi’s Cabinet. It said there is the Pareto rule that says institutions and governments are run only by 20 per cent. You only need 20 per cent who are good. So, we seem to think of putting good persons in only two-three ministries.
Even today, the main instrument relied on is bureaucracy. But bureaucracy is not what it was 30-40 years ago, you don’t have L K Jhas or B K Nehrus. A civil servant I met recently said: ‘I am going to retire in 15-20 months. Ten years after my retirement, I will be subjected to some CBI inspector. So, why should I take a decision? Let the minister take it.’ Thirdly, you could still rely on civil services but induct experts. But that can only be effective if you put them not in decorative advisory positions but in decisive ones.
Dilip Bobb: So you don’t think Modi is an agent of change?
He may be an agent of change as an individual. But no matter how big your oar is, you have to change, reshape an ocean. It’s not just about simplifying reforms. The depth and pervasiveness of reforms has to be great. To reform, say, the CBI, you can’t just change the director, but the training of persons who are at the cutting edge — the inspector, the investigating officer. How long will it take to do that?
Same is with the the lower judiciary. In November last year, a policeman came to our home with a non-bailable warrant of arrest for my wife — if she didn’t report at 10 am in a Faridabad court the next day, she would get a five-year punishment. Shocked, I asked why. He said she refused summons five times. But I said we got no summons. He offered no explanation.
At the court, I asked the woman magistrate why an arrest warrant was issued for my wife. She said she refused summons. I said we got none. She said, ‘Sometimes our people don’t deliver summons and write they have been refused.’
She said we were sent summons for building an ‘illegal’ farmhouse  and asked if we had a plot in the Aravallis. I said the plot was registered in our name for a few months. We needed money to build a house near Pune, so we sold it. We didn’t place a single brick there. The public prosecutor said, ‘Yes, it’s not their plot and they have built nothing there.’ The judge, however, said: ‘But now the process has begun. I can give your wife bail but only till the next hearing when she has to appear physically.’
So, my wife is out on bail for refusing summons which were not served, for building a house which we have not built on a plot which we don’t own. The lady magistrate has gone, a new person has come. He says, ‘I know you have done nothing. But if I let you off, people will say it was done under political pressure or that you’ve paid me.’
So the reform has to be much deeper. When people assume office, they forget how deeply the system has to be changed. They get surrounded by an impenetrable fog of self-satisfaction. And media makes the fog more dense. Their photographs are everywhere. The industralists says you are ‘almighty’s gift to us’. I am told secretaries have started speaking this way. They think change has already come. Our job is to keep them awake.
Amitabh Sinha: Going by high-pitched campaigns like Swachh Bharat, cleaning Ganga, or reviving Sanskrit, what do you make of the priorities of this government?
Swachhta is a wonderful idea. It involves both society and the State in cleaning public spaces. If the State succeeds in generating a movement, it would be very good. On Sanskrit, there is the either/or thinking — similar to over the three-year vs four-year courses at Delhi University. What is the fault of those who are learning German? If you are so keen, introduce Sanskrit as an optional subject, then increase the capacity to learn… Maybe a lot of YouTube videos, CDs… Over three-four years, introduce the whole thing. It becomes a painless transition.
Rakesh Sinha: What do you make of the move to dismantle the Planning Commission?
Dr Y V Reddy had said that throughout, even when it was not a great intellectual resource, the Planning Commission was regarded as a referee between the Centre and states. But the perceived proximity between Manmohan Singh and Montek Singh Ahluwalia made the Planning Commission look like an instrument of the Centre. So, it lost credibility.
The Planning Commission had asked me to write a paper on reform. I had interviewed officers and asked them to characterise the Commission. Somebody said ‘a parking lot’, another said ‘gaushala (cowshed)’. I told an officer that his colleague had called the Commission a gaushala. He said, ‘A gaushala has cows that give milk. This is a place for derelict cows.’ So, if you appoint such personnel, the institution loses credibility. You could improve the Commission by getting the best personnel.
Mr Modi’s presumption, I think in this case, was formed by the resentment of the previous 10 years as a CM against the commission.
P Vaidyanathan Iyer: Do you see the current government as an extension of Modi’s campaign — one person at the top and the Cabinet not very varied or delivering governance at the doorstep?
India is diverse and very large. I am using the words of a very big man, whose name I cannot tell you. ‘It is not a municipality, it is the federal government of India,’ he said. It cannot be run by small numbers.
Raj Kamal Jha: One of the most visible things Modi has done is on the diplomatic front — his visits to the US, China, Australia, Japan. How do you view India’s international relations under the new government?
Modi certainly thinks on a different scale, and laterally. I remember his phrase: ‘Arrey, yeh theek nahi hai, kuch dhamakedaar idea do (This is not okay, give a bombastic idea).’ You can see that in foreign policy: one is emphasis on neighbours, and secondly, looking at China. I endorse that, but it should be done at a lower profile. If you look at it from the Chinese viewpoint, all these are acts of provocation. If you want to provoke them, you have to be prepared for the backlash. In Japan, Shinzo Abe has a stridently anti-Chinese rhetoric. Vietnam is in non-lethal conflict with China. I am all for alliances and intelligence exchanges with them, but don’t rub it in the face of China.
What has China done? Without any fanfare, they signed an MoU with Nepal for the development of districts. They have announced $65 billion for development of infrastructure in Pakistan.
We are going all over the world (talking) about our acquisitions and orders. I fear we are doing things with a visibility, which will provoke China.
Surabhi: Critics say there is intellectual paucity in the government — no Planning Commission or PM’s economic advisory council.
Three PMs valued ideas as ideas: Panditji (Jawaharlal Nehru), Narasimha Rao and Atal Bihari Vajpayee. The others seemed to be practical men. Maybe that is what India needs, but ideas are also necessary.
Rajgopal Singh*: What is your opinion on age limit for political appointments at the Centre?
I am past 72 or 73, but I felt this is the wrong criterion even when I was younger. Sanjay and Rajiv Gandhi were young men. What did they do? The two biggest reformers in India, Narasimha Rao and Vajpayee, were older men. Look at a person’s capacity to contribute.
Harish Damodaran: The PMO interacts with the secretaries and the ministers are nowhere. Is it sustainable — ministers with no power and bureaucrats all powerful?
The first part may be correct, but not the second. I had taken up this view with Mr Modi before the formation of the government, that given the quality of people the electoral system throws up, he would have to ensure direct contact with secretaries who would, generally speaking, be better than ministers. But do secretaries know how much they can decide? I don’t know. Do ministers know how much they can decide? I don’t know. What is the limit? Can they appoint directors on their own to Coal India, to Air India, to banks? Under Vajpayee, you would be given a charge and could do anything.
Praveen Swami: This government has announced grand schemes but has not given out details about their execution. Do you believe there is a lack of vision or do you believe a few people close to the government saying there is a great deal going on?
A PM can only give a sense of direction, he can symbolically do a few acts so others take it up. But if the others are uncertain about what they can take up, then details do not get worked out. Maybe it is a reflection of that. Such campaigns have to be carried to the toilet on the road. But maybe the Transport Ministry doesn’t know, so they don’t work out the details.
About the 100 smart cities, by now, we should have been told the essence of smartness… In the case of Swachh Bharat, we should not look upon it and ask whether Modi will succeed or fail. Then it becomes merely Modi’s campaign.
Abhishek Angad*: How do you think the government is handling issues about Muslims?
I agree with Modi’s general approach, which is to provide facilities across the board, not on the basis of caste or religion. Whenever we provide benefit based on a criterion other than economic, politics is played around it. Development requires focus, and Modi has to ensure that focus, which means you must also control the fringe elements. You cannot talk development in Delhi and love jihad in Muzaffarnagar. It distracts. If love jihad was so dangerous, how did the phenomenon stop after voting?
Ajay Shankar: The Modi wave still seems to be prevailing. When and how will there be a reality check?
The reduction of oil prices has put blinkers on people’s eyes and has delayed a reality check. Otherwise, by now, with the fiscal deficit and diminishing oil prices, if for the first seven-eight months the targeted deficit would have been consumed, a reality check would have come. As Swaminathan Aiyar said, it’s not just achhe din, but also achhe sitare.
P Vaidyanathan Iyer: Would you accept a role in government if offered?
Nobody offers me, what to do? (Laughs.) Faiz Ahmad Faiz had said, ‘Kuch hum hi ko nahin ehsaan uthane ka dimaag, woh jab aate hain mail-ba-karam aate hain (I did not want to take on another obligation, whenever she came, she came determined to endow her favours on me)’.
Ajay Shankar: What happened during the famous pre-government meeting of yours?
The post-government meeting should also be famous. First newspapers give you the job, then next day say you are disappointed (laughs). I’m neither appointed, nor disappointed.
*EXIMS student Transcribed by Aslesha and Saikat Bose

The Big Picture: A new home forIndrajithWritten by Shaju Philip |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:47 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 12:50 am
After 12 years of living among humans, the 14-year-old elephant is being sent back to the forests. For now, he is at Konni, a camp in south Kerala, where he will learn to undo old bonds and pick up new skills — showering in the river, foraging for food and making friends. Photographs by Leju Kamal
It’s hard to convince a teenager who has made up his mind. So Indrajith, with all the intransigence a 14-year-old can muster, decides he won’t sit down. He doesn’t feel like a bath and he will not have one. “Irikke aane, irikke (sit, elephant, sit),” yells his mahout, prodding his legs with a stick. Finally, Indrajith gives in, bends his hind legs and slumps onto the ground.
It’s close to noon at the Kerala Forest Department’s Konni elephant camp in the southern district of Pathanamthitta. While the five other adult elephants in the camp walk down to the nearby stream for a wash, Indrajith has his at the shelter. “He is yet to learn how to wash himself. Every morning, we give him a bath and a scrub at the elephant shelter. That takes us a couple of hours. And in the evening, we spray water on his body for half an hour. He is a pampered elephant, doesn’t follow our instructions,” says P K Shaji, the mahout at the elephant camp.
At the Konni camp, Indrajith has seven other elephants for company, with an aluminum roof open shelter for each of them.
If all goes according to plan, Indrajith will soon learn never to follow any instructions, simply live the wild life the way the big boys of the jungle do. After 12 years of living among humans, Indrajith will become the first captive elephant in Kerala to go back to the wild. The Konni camp is his preparatory ground, his home for the next year or so where he will learn to undo old bonds and pick up new skills — like taking a shower in the river, foraging for food and most importantly, learning to socialise with other elephants.
***
Twelve years ago, Indrajith, then a two-year-old baby, had arrived at businessman T R Raghulal’s sprawling house in Thrissur. Raghulal had bought Indrajith from a friend for an undisclosed sum, hoping to donate him to the Sree Krishna Temple at Guruvayoor in Thrissur. But as Indrajith grew up, Raghulal realised he would be a mozha (an elephant without tusks), which meant he would be of little use to temples which only take in tuskers. Little Indrajith only had two little teeth that barely jutted out.
So Indrajith led a cocooned life, away from all the work that other elephants in captivity were forced to do — no lugging timber at the mills or standing in attention at temple festivals where drums and firecrackers competed in a decibel war. He would simply be taken around Raghulal’s many estates, where he would spend hours swinging his hind legs — the left and the right by turns — his mottled pink ears brushing away the odd birds that tried to perch on him as he munched on generous amounts of grass, or that special treat he so looked forward to, giant balls of rice cooked in milk.
Konni has two calves and they too will go back to the forest.
Rajesh Kumar, Indrajith’s mahout for five years at Raghulal’s estate, says he misses much of that. “The owner is a busy man, travels a lot. He visited Indrajith once in two or three months. The elephant was always with me. He had no tusks so he wasn’t called for temple functions. The only time he went to the temple was for aanayoottu (a ritual feeding of elephants),” he says.
Every morning, Kumar would give Indrajith a bath and feed him rice flakes mixed with banana. By 10 am, the mahout and his elephant would go out for a morning walk, stopping at temples along the way. “Since Indrajith did no work, this daily exercise was very important for his health. I made sure he walked at least 6 kilometres.’’ Back from the walk, Indrajith would munch on some fresh grass and and later rice. In the evening, after another wash, it would be time for dinner. All this kept Kumar busy. But now, with Indrajith gone, Kumar has little to fill his days and lapses easily into nostalgia.
“He was sometimes very naughty. During lunchtime, I would unchain Indrajith and go to my room in the estate. I would leave the valiya kole (a pole used to control elephants) leaning behind his ear. Elephants are trained not to move when the pole is kept on them. But Indrajith would sometimes come in search of me, the pole pressed against his pink ear. Sometimes, he would walk for half a kilometre in search of me,” says Kumar, adding wistfully: “It was only last month that I heard of Indrajith going away.”
But Raghulal says this parting of ways had been on his mind for long. “I had bought Indrajith hoping to offer him to the Guruvayoor temple. But around the time our application was pending, the temple authorities changed their rules and refused to accept elephants without tusks. So Indrajith stayed on with us. But I now think he should go back to where he belongs. The elephant will be more comfortable in a natural environment, where he can move around freely, without chains. He is only 14. He has several decades left to live. I thought he must spend his best years in the wild. That’s where he belongs,’’ says Raghulal, the managing director of Thrissur-based Elite Foods.
The Konni camp will be Indrajith’s home for close to a year.
He says that after visiting other elephant rehabilitation projects in the country, he submitted a proposal to the Principal Chief Conservator of Forests and Wildlife (PCCFW), asking if he could return the elephant to the forest department. Since the move was without a precedent, at least in Kerala, the PCCFW forwarded the proposal to the Kerala Wildlife Board.
On August 13 this year, the forest department issued an order expressing its willingness to accept the elephant and asked for it to be housed at the camp in Konni. So on November 21, Indrajith left Raghulal’s house at Peringottukara in Thrissur and enrolled as the newest member of the Konni camp.
***
At the camp in Konni, 20 km from Pathanamthitta, Indrajith has seven other elephants for company, with an aluminum roof open shelter for each of them. For over a century and a half after 1810, the nine-acre British-era camp was where elephants snared from the wild were domesticated. But when a 1977 law banned the practice of trapping wild elephants, Konni had to reinvent itself. It now serves as a camp for rescued elephants. Two of the seven elephants here are calves who had been rescued after they got stranded in the forest. The other five were all rescued from various parts of the state — either from the forests after their mothers (wild elephants) died or from human settlements where they had been found abandoned. Each of the elephants has a name plate — Soman, Priyadarshini, Surendran, Meena and Eva — outside its shelter. Indrajith doesn’t have one yet.
One from Raghulal’s album: For 12 years, Indrajith led an easy life.
He has been here just a week. It will take him a while before he gets to know his two new mahouts and before they get to know him. His previous owner had told them Indrajith was largely peaceful, though he is known to be in musth for up to six months a year. Musth is a condition in male elephants when their testosterone levels shoot up and it is usually accompanied by highly aggressive and violent behaviour. So for now, Indrajith has been chained, the left hind leg to a concrete stump and the left forelimb to a pole in front.
“So far, Indrajith has been very cooperative,” says forest range officer Nibu Kiran. “The socialisation at the camp is a very slow process. We have not removed the chains so far since we cannot predict his behaviour in this new environment. Once he looks comfortable here, we will remove one chain first, then the other,’’ he says.
Kiran says that on most days, Indrajith is fed 250 kg of green fodder, 3 kg of wheat and 6 kg of ragi. “The daily maintenance cost of Indrajith is about Rs 2,000. If other expenses, including the wages of mahouts are factored in, the government must be spending at least Rs 12. 5 lakh on an elephant in this camp,” he says.
Kiran says they won’t attempt anything drastic with Indrajith. After some months at the Konni camp, the forest department plans to take the elephant to a green patch at Adavi, 15 km away from Konni. That’s where Indrajith will begin to live a somewhat simulated version of his life in the jungle.
The forest department owns 50 acres of acacia plantation in Adavi that has, over the years, grown to resemble a natural forest. “The process of fencing and trenching the borders of the acacia plantation has begun. Once that land is ready, we can rehabilitate the elephant there without chaining him,’’ says Kiran.
But Indrajith will still be in semi-captivity there, with mahouts to look after him. “The natural vegetation may not last long and then we may have to supply the elephant with fodder. Besides Indrajith, other elephants in the camp could also be moved into the new park,’’ says Kiran.
***
What chance does an adolescent, tuskless male elephant stand in the wild, especially someone like Indrajith who has known no life but with humans? While most experts agree it’s a good idea to send him back to where he belongs, some of them warn that if not handled carefully, this is an experiment that could backfire.
One of the biggest challenges could be getting Indrajith to mingle with other elephants. “Every elephant needs to find a suitable herd, though there are the occasional loner elephants. But a loner needn’t remain one for life,’’ says Dr P S Easa, wildlife expert and member of the Asian Elephant Specialist Group.
Dr T S Rajeev, assistant professor, college of veterinary and animal sciences, Thrissur, believes Indrajith will take to his new life well because he wasn’t a regular captive elephant that carried logs or did the rounds of festivals. “Indrajith led a largely free life. He even has a tendency to disobey and gets restless if he doesn’t get his fodder on time. These are good signs, because it means he is not fully domesticated and it won’t be too difficult for him to adapt to the wild. He is learning fast. I don’t think he will have a problem finding food or friends in the forest,’’ says Rajeev, who has known Indrajith from the days he was with Raghulal.
But the wild has its uncertainties. Forest veterinary surgeon Dr Arun Zacharia says reintroducing an elephant in the forests isn’t easy.
“It’s difficult to predict if the attempt will be a success or not. The chances of an outsider being killed by wild elephants are high. Survival in the wild depends on several factors, including the elephant’s ability to find fodder and company.”
Back at the Konni camp, Indrajith lies on his side as his mahout sprays water from a hose. After that initial reluctance, he seems to enjoy his spa-moment. The boy needs to grow up — and soon.
n hui (Now, it’s been years since we even talked).”

And a little child shall leadthemBy: New York Times |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:47 am
Ridley Scott’s 3-D Exodus: Gods and Kings has computer-generated plagues, waves and tornadoes. It has boat-chomping crocodiles, 4,00,000 digitally rendered Hebrew slaves and a sword-wielding Christian Bale as a Gladiator-like Moses.
But god may still steal the show.
Exodus preserves the awful severity of the Old Testament god — one who commands and demands — and does it all within the persona of a willful child. Scott uses an 11-year-old British actor, Isaac Andrews, to give voice and visage to his Almighty, rather than concealing the deity behind a pillar of fire, too terrible for the eye of man, as Cecil B DeMille chose to do in Ten Commandments. And it is Andrews — stern-eyed, impatient, at times vaguely angelic and at times Children of the Corn terrifying — who is already beginning to challenge those who take their Bible seriously.
“It would be difficult for anyone who has any relationship with god and the Scripture to say this is OK,” said Chris Stone, a marketing consultant. His company, Faith Driven Consumer, helps to connect products, including movies, with observant Christians. The company was rebuffed, Stone said by way of disclosure, when it sought to become an advisor to the film, which he has not seen. There was early evidence of a backlash against the movie in October, when Bale, speaking at a screening of Exodus footage for reporters, used the word “mercurial” to describe the Old Testament god.
Gary A Rendsburg, a professor of Jewish studies at Rutgers University, said last week that he could immediately think of only one Old Testament reference that might support the notion of god as a young innocent. That is a very brief reference in the first Book of Kings, Chapter 19, in which God speaks to Elijah in what is described as a “still small voice”.
In the Book of Exodus, Rendsburg said, God is neither man nor spirit, but rather “a character” who still has manlike traits by which much older generations understood him. “He’s very conversational, and you can still have a one-on-one with him,” said Rendsburg — though he noted, as per Exodus, Chapter 33, that to look upon God would kill a human.
The Hollywood Reporter in mid-November published a report identifying Andrews as the avatar for God in Exodus.
Speaking from Budapest, where he is filming another movie, The Martian, Scott said he trusted his “gut” in deciding to have god speak through what he imagines might be a shepherd boy.
“I want to avoid the clichés,” said Scott, who added that a voice from the clouds was never an option. Of his eerie ability to mix innocence with command, Scott said: “One gets the sense that he comes from a very clean place. He only speaks logic and continued…

It happened onenightWritten by Uma Vishnu |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:40 am
Babudin sat on a culvert, his legs trembling, his clothes dripping water. A police officer offered him a beedi. Babudin shook his head and began speaking: There had been about 45 of them, all Muslims, picked up from Hashimpura, a settlement in Meerut city, and packed tightly into the rear of a yellow truck of the Provincial Armed Constabulary (PAC). Babudin and the others had thought they were being arrested. But the PAC was allegedly on another mission.
Forty-two of those on board the truck that May night in 1987 were killed in two massacres in neighbouring Ghaziabad district — one along the Upper Ganga canal near Muradnagar, and the other along the Hindon canal in Makanpur, on the border with Delhi — in what have since come to be known as the Hashimpura killings.
Twenty-seven years later, Vibhuti Narain Rai, then SSP Ghaziabad under whose jurisdiction the killings took place, is writing Hashimpura 22 May, a book in Hindi on the massacre. Rai, who retired from the IPS in 2011 and worked for five years as V-C of Mahatma Gandhi International Hindi University in Wardha, Maharashtra, has published a paper on communal bias in the police. He also has five novels to his credit — Ghar, Shahar Mein Curfew, Kissa Loktantra, Tabadla and Prem Ki Bhootkatha — but he always knew he had to tell the Hashimpura story.
Speaking to The Sunday Express at his house in Noida’s Sector 82, Rai, 63, says, “All these years, this incident has hung like a curse on me and I had to get it off my chest.” The book, for which he has entered into an agreement with Penguin, is in its final stages, with an English translation by Darshan Desai. The Hindi literary magazine Paakhi is also running a serialised form of the book, with four chapters out on the stands.
“Those were tense days, especially in Meerut. This was in 1987, when the Rajiv Gandhi government had ordered the locks on the Babri Masjid to be opened. In Meerut, the Army and paramilitary had been called in. A company of the 41st battalion of the PAC, which has its battalion headquarters in Ghaziabad, had also been sent to Meerut. Almost every day, there would be demonstrations, protests, riots, even killings. It was a divided society,” says Rai.
On the night of May 22, around 10.30 pm, Rai had just returned to his SSP residence from Hapur when he saw Link Road SHO VB Singh at the gate, his face flushed. “I asked him in jest, ‘So, who have you killed in your thana?’. From experience, I know SHOs are most worried when there is a custodial death in their thana. Singh replied, ‘Saab, ek nahin, kai mare hain (Sir, not one, several are dead)’.”
And then, the SHO, too scared to be coherent, spoke about how, around 9 pm, he had heard continued…

Faisals 5: Story of men who fled Khandwal jail  named in terror attacks and bankrobberiesWritten by Milind Ghatwai , with input from Aamir Khan |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:25 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 9:02 am
His son has been accused of inciting communal tension, being a member of the banned SIMI, carrying out terror attacks and robbing banks. Police of at least five states and Central agencies have been looking for him ever since he pulled off a daring escape from a jail not too far from where he spent his childhood.
Father Ismail Khan still lives in that thatched-roof hut at the end of a narrow lane crawling with pigs. Till a few years ago, the 68-year-old used to sell fruits from a cart for a living. Now he begs. Ismail shares the hut with his ailing father. His wife Nagma went missing a few weeks ago. The authorities suspect it was to be with their son Mehboob alias Guddu in Maharashtra, after he was injured while allegedly building a bomb in Bijnore, Uttar Pradesh.
That’s just one of the stops in a crime trail the authorities say started from Khandwa in Madhya Pradesh and extends to Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Tamil Nadu. As part of the ‘Abu Faisal gang’, 28-year-old Mehboob and four others are accused of, among other things, a February 1, 2014, bank robbery in Karimnagar, Telangana; the May 1, 2014, blast on a Bangalore-Guwahati train at the Chennai Central Station that killed a young software engineer; and the July 10, 2014, blast in the parking lot of Faraskhana and Vishrambag police stations in Pune. Their names, CCTV images and phone numbers have popped up in probes. In the latest instance, police are investigating if money the men allegedly stole from a Karimnagar bank turned up in the Burdwan blast in West Bengal.
The five were jailed in the first place in June 2011 on charges of murdering policemen, attempts to murder, bank robberies and for inciting communal tension while working for SIMI.
On October 1, 2013, the five, along with Faisal and another prisoner, made an audacious escape from the district jail in Khandwa after scaling a 14-ft wall. Till hours after the escape, the authorities remained clueless about it. While the seventh prisoner surrendered the next day and Faisal was caught in December from Barwani in Madhya Pradesh, the rapsheet against the remaining five — Mehboob, Aslam Khan, Amjad Khan, Zakir Hussain alias Sadiq, and Aizazuddin alias Rahul —has kept growing. In the past few weeks, investigators have more than once come close to capturing them, only to miss them narrowly.
***
In the beginning, there was a constable, specifically ATS constable Sitaram Yadav. He came to Khandwa, a communally sensitive town 130 km from Indore, around 2000 and eight years later, joined the Anti-Terrorism Squad. In Khandwa, he took a house on rent in Ganesh Talai. In 2005-06, at a time when Khandwa was seeing a spurt in communal clashes, Yadav acquired a reputation for routinely picking up Muslim youths, who would be released later.
Aslam Ayub
One of those he arrested was Abu Faisal’s wife, who belongs to Khandwa. Along with her sister, she was charged with keeping inflammatory material. Their brother Inam-ur-Rehman would in 2009 be arrested by the ATS for the 2008 serial blasts in Jaipur. Three years later, Inam-ur-Rehman was among those acquitted. Incidentally, the same “inflammatory material” seized from sisters Aasiya and Rafia later turned up in many cases against SIMI activists across the country.
Faisal, who belonged to Mumbai but was studying homeopathy in Indore, bore a grudge against Yadav for this, says advocate Javed Chouhan. The advocate himself was held once and represents arrested SIMI members, including his own brother. A former Khandwa SP says Faisal would regularly visit Khandwa because of his wife, and knew about the constable’s reputation.
On November 29, 2009, Yadav was killed at Khandwa’s Tin Pulia. Police blamed SIMI activists. Former Khandwa SP Manoj Sharma refuses to talk about the case except saying constable Yadav was “daring”.
Yadav’s wife Jyoti calls him a hero. “He was never scared of anyone,” she says, adding that the men who killed her husband should be hanged. Yadav is survived by Jyoti and their children, sons 11 and 10.
***
Ganesh Talai is where Mehboob, Aslam, Amjad and Zakir too lived, all in the vicinity of a mosque. They came from poor families, and had to leave studies mid-way to supplement the family income.
All Ismail ever hoped for was for Mehboob to pick up some “hunar (skill)”. “After Class VIII, he learned tailoring for two years and earned Rs 600-800 a day.”
Mehboob was among those routinely targeted by police, says Ismail. “Every time there was an incident of stone-pelting, they took him in custody.
Mehboob Alias Guddu
Frustrated, he left for Amravati (in Maharashtra) and lived there  for four years.” Sometime in 2005, he joined SIMI, then already banned.
In 2011, Mehboob was named in the murder of Sitaram Yadav. On June 3, 2011, another ATS constable, Shivpratap Singh, was killed in an encounter near the Ratlam railway station, apparently in a bid to arrest one of those accused in Yadav’s murder. Police then cracked down.
Nineteen youths were held in quick succession, one on June 3, eight on June 5 and 10 on June 14, including Faisal. The eight held on June 5 and Zakir who was arrested on June 3 were named members of the Indian Mujahideen and SIMI. Police claimed all nine were unhappy with the September 2010 Allahabad High Court judgment in the Babri Masjid case and were planning to attack judges.
Police also named Mehboob in the Ahmedabad serial blasts of 2008. The NIA says he was among the SIMI men who attended a camp in Wagamon in Ernakulam, Kerala, in December 2007.
“Mehboob was booked in so many cases that we did not even think of engaging a lawyer for bail. I don’t have the money,” says Ismail Khan. Of his five other children, from two wives, only Mehboob and an elder daughter survive.
Ismail is evasive about where Mehboob’s mother Nagma is now. He claims she walked out one night after a fight. After some time, he amends, “Two tall, unidentified men came around 11 pm and she left with them. They could be policemen, they could be anybody.”
It were Mehboob’s injuries that helped police trace the five absconding to Bijnore. On September 12, a low-intensity blast occurred at a rented accommodation in the Uttar Pradesh town, following which three people who lived in the house went missing. They later brought Mehboob, who had suffered burns, to a doctor’s clinic, where their faces were captured on CCTV. Three others, suspected to be their associates and living nearby, are also missing.
Ismail wonders how the charges fit in with what he remembers of the son who avoided quarrels and “wouldn’t hurt a fly”. “Though Mehboob was in demand for his tailoring skills, he would not stitch more than three-four salwar-kameezes a day to ensure he had time for namaz and the Quran,” Ismail says.
He adds that he has had no contact with Mehboob since he fled prison.
***
Zakir Hussain
Zakir had studied up to Class X, learnt a bit of masonry and was starting to get small contracting jobs when police came knocking. His father Badrul, a sand trader, says  his son is where he is now because of his repeated brushes with the police. The first time Zakir was arrested was in 2008, when he was 24, for allegedly procuring a fake SIM card and for being a member of SIMI.
When constable Yadav was murdered, Zakir was among those named. He was eventually arrested in 2011 along with the eight others after constable Singh’s death in Ratlam.
His mother says Zakir shifted to Ratlam as he feared for his life in Khandwa. He was attacked once and police refused to register a case, she says.
Within days of Zakir’s arrest, his younger brother Altaf was also arrested. Altaf wasn’t among the seven who fled in October 2013 from Khandwa jail and continues to be lodged there.
Slamming the local media, Badrul says they wrote stories such as that the family “owned 11 properties”. “We own only two small plots, including one bought from money received by my sister,” he says.
A father of six, the 54-year-old says he has come to terms with the fate of both his sons. “As a child I used to pray in temples. Now even Muslims try to maintain distance from us.”
Badrul says he last talked to Zakir before he escaped from prison.
***
AMJAD
Amjad, 25, was among the nine “SIMI activists” held in June 2011. Police then named him for a robbery at a gold finance company in Bhopal in 2010.
His mother, speaking from behind a curtain at their two-room house built on encroached government land, says they didn’t send Amjad to school after Class VIII as they couldn’t afford the fees. Amjad’s parents have five other children. So Amjad first worked as a porter and later as a driver, earning Rs 4,000 a month.
She alleges that the police caught her son from Nandurbar in Maharashtra but the arrest was shown from Jabalpur. “Had he robbed gold, wouldn’t we be better off?” she asks. Amjad’s father Ramjan claims he first heard about SIMI after he was arrested.
After his initial arrest, Amjad was released on bail but later booked for the Ratlam shootout. “They held me at the police station and said that I would be released only if Amjad turned himself in,” Ramjan says of his son’s re-arrest.
Amjad too was a devout Muslim, offering namaz five times a day.
They met last in Khandwa jail, says Ramjan, who is in his late 40s.
***
Aslam Ayub
Aslam, 24, too only studied till Class VIII and worked as a mason till his arrest in June 2011 along with the eight other “SIMI men”. His father Ayub worked as a labourer and later as a driver to take care of his family of six. The family continues to live in Ganesh Talai in a two-room house.
Aslam’s brother Ashfaq was also arrested by the police. Out on bail, he refuses to talk about his arrest or the charges.
Mother Shahroz Bi says police started targeting Muslim youths calling them SIMI members after communal riots eight-nine years ago. Aslam has reportedly told police he began working for SIMI in 2005.
Shahroz says she got to know of Aslam’s arrest two months after he was held. “I have met him four times in jail. Who will disown own child?” she says.
The last time she saw him was just a few weeks before he escaped, says Shahroz.
***
The only one of the five wanted SIMI men not from Khandwa, Aizazuddin alias Riyaz alias John alias Raja alias Rahul, grew up in a Muslim-dominated locality in Kareli, 100 km from Jabalpur. His father Mohammed Azizuddin has nine children.
A senior police officer in Kareli says Aizazuddin was the brightest among his eight siblings. The first-year Arts student probably came in contact with SIMI members in Jabalpur. Kareli and Jabalpur are connected by rail.
Aizazuddin did not figure in any police records before his arrest in June 2011 while one of his brothers was involved in a relatively minor crime.
Most of his siblings and parents have reportedly left Kareli and settled somewhere in Bhopal, according to the police.
In September this year, Faisal and Aizazuddin were among SIMI activists acquitted of a bank robbery bid by a court in Bhopal. The SIMI activists were accused of attempting to rob a Punjab National Bank branch in Jaora, Ratlam district, on April 27, 2010. The complaint had been lodged nearly 20 months later, in December 2011.
***
Some other robbery cases lodged against the SIMI men also stand on wobbly ground now. In the Bhopal Mannapuram Gold Finance case of 2010, in which 12 kg gold and Rs 3 lakh were stolen, the police had earlier arrested some other accused. But after the June 2011 arrests of SIMI members, it said six of its activists had confessed to it. Police also claimed to have recovered some of the gold from a house in Tatanagar, Jamshedpur.
Last month too, the state police alleged SIMI involvement in a bank robbery in Satna. An ATS official confessed that so far they had found no proof.
Bhopal-based advocate Parvez Alam, who represents most SIMI accused, alleges that the state and Central agencies blame the organisation for so many offences because they want the ban on SIMI to remain in force.
The Hindu neighbours of the four SIMI accused in Khandwa’s Ganesh Talai choose not to talk much about the arrests but accuse them of starting communal incidents. “They hardly interacted with the others. They would keep a very low profile while in Ganesh Talai. We came to know of the SIMI connection only after reading news reports about their arrest,” says Santosh Gyani, a BJP activist.
The town also talks about how after one such communal skirmish around six years ago, both the communities had patched up and withdrawn cases. This ensured peace for some time.
Till, that is, the constable was killed.
‘The Sardar’
BY: AAMIR KHAN
Linked to both the Indian Mujahideen as well as SIMI, Abu Faisal alias “doctor” is known as the “sardar of his gang”.
His father Imran Khan runs a small medical shop in a bylane in Andheri, Mumbai, lined with shops selling meat. “Our medical shop used to be elsewhere. In 1992, when communal violence was at its peak, the shop was torched down. The incident left a deep imprint on Faisal’s mind,” says Imran, claiming that even an FIR was registered only after he had paid Rs 500.
Faisal, always a good student, got admission in a homeopathic medicine college in Indore. Imran claims that’s when Faisal changed. “Though he was not part of any suspect group, he was arrested and tortured. People started calling him a terrorist,” Imran says.
While Faisal still managed to give his semester exams, he reportedly could not write the practicals as he was often taken away for questioning. Once the ATS came looking for him and they had to shut shop for 10 days, says Imran.
In a July 2013 chargesheet, the NIA accused Faisal of having participated in a training camp at Wagamaon in Kerala in December 2007, where SIMI members from all over the country participated. Soon after that, Faisal was arrested for the first time.
The Abu Faisal gang is known to have used robberies in the past to finance terrorist activities through links with SIMI and Indian Mujahideen leaders like Haidar Ali alias Abdullah, the main accused in the October 2013 attack on a Narendra Modi rally in Patna. The gang supplied stolen gold ornaments from 2010-11 to Haidar Ali, says an NIA chargesheet on the Ranchi module of the IM. Ali allegedly also sheltered Faisal in Ranchi in October 2013 after he had escaped from Khandwa jail.
Imran says he has no hope of ever seeing his son back home again. “Ab to kaafi saalon se baat bhi nahin hui (Now, it’s been years since we even talked).”
THE CASES
FEB 1, 2014: Four armed men robbed Rs 46 lakh from an SBI branch at Chopaddandi village in Karimnagar, now Telangana, and fled on motorcycles. Based on CCTV footage, police have concluded at least three of the four were SIMI men who escaped from Khandwa jail. Police are now probing if some of that money made its way to Burdwan, where a bomb killed two persons on October 2, and whether SIMI was helping set up a base there.
MAY 1, 2014: One of the missing Abu Faisal gang members was allegedly present at Jolarpet railway station in Vellore, Tamil Nadu, from where the Bangalore-Guwahati Express passed hours before a blast on it at Chennai central station. A software engineer died in the blast. Investigators say the three SIMI men involved in the attack rented a house in Dharwad between December 2013 and March 2014. They later moved to Hospet in Bellary, and were reportedly there till sometime in September.
JULY 10, 2014: A low-intensity blast went off in the parking lot of Faraskhana and Vishrambag police stations (operating from the same premises), located a few feet from Pune’s Dadgusheth temple, leaving five injured. An IED was planted on a stolen motorcycle. Mobile phone trail now allegedly links this blast to the Abu Faisal gang.
September 12, 2014: A low-intensity blast went off in Bijnore at a house from which police later recovered a pistol of 32 bore, a knife, a laptop, a gas cylinder, a large quantity of match boxes and about 10 kg matchsticks. Police said the men were trying to assemble bombs from the matchsticks’ explosives when there was a blast. Abu Faisal gang members were allegedly caught on CCTV footage after they took a colleague injured in the blast to a clinic.
Investigators say they had taken a house on rent and were living in the town since June. A phone found in Bijnore has reportedly helped police join the dots with other cases.

FBI probing Sony hack  as data leaks emergeFBI probing Sony hack, as data leaks emerge
AFP  Washington, December 03, 2014
First Published: 10:40 IST(3/12/2014) | Last Updated: 10:52 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
The FBI said Tuesday it was investigating a cyberattack on Sony Pictures, amid reports that employee information as well as new films were being leaked online.
"The FBI is working with our interagency partners to investigate the recently reported cyber intrusion at Sony Pictures Entertainment," a spokesman for the US federal law enforcement agency said in a statement.
"The targeting of public and private sector computer networks remains a significant threat, and the FBI will continue to identify, pursue, and defeat individuals and groups who pose a threat in cyberspace."
Various reports meanwhile said the hackers appeared to have posted online both confidential employee data and films not yet released in theaters.
The security blogger and researcher Brian Krebs said he discovered on websites devoted to illicit trading a "global Sony employee list," that included names, locations, salaries and dates of birth for more than 6,800 individuals.
"Another file being traded online appears to be a status report from April 2014 listing the names, dates of birth, SSNs (social security numbers) and health savings account data on more than 700 Sony employees," Krebs wrote.
The Washington Post reported meanwhile that the FBI was warning companies in a confidential memo about the malicious software used in the Sony hack.
An FBI spokesman said only that "we provided a routine notification to private industry," but declined to elaborate.
The spokesman added that the FBI "routinely advises private industry of various cyber threat indicators" to help protect computer networks.
According to the Post, the hackers used malware similar to that used to launch destructive attacks on businesses in South Korea and the Middle East, including one against oil producer Saudi Aramco.
Some reports in the past few days said Sony is looking into whether North
Korea may have been behind the major cyberattack on the studio last week, possibly because of a upcoming comedy film about a CIA plot to assassinate its leader Kim Jong-Un.
"The Interview," which stars Seth Rogen and James Franco as two journalists recruited by the CIA to bump off Kim, has infuriated the North Koreans, with state media warning of "merciless retaliation."
The entertainment news site Variety has reported that unreleased Sony movies including the upcoming "Annie" have been made available on pirate file-sharing websites.
The war film "Fury" "Mr. Turner," "Still Alice" and "To Write Love on Her Arms" were also made available.
Sony did not respond to an AFP request for comment.

Sensex edges lower in lacklustre trade; Nifty up 13 ptsSensex edges lower in lacklustre trade; Nifty up 13 pts
PTI  Mumbai, December 03, 2014
First Published: 10:09 IST(3/12/2014) | Last Updated: 18:35 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
In a dull trading session, the benchmark Sensex on Wednesday edged 1.30 points down to 28,442.71 on alternate bouts of buying and selling, amid mixed global cues.
Shares of auto, realty, power, refinery and capital goods sectors firmed up while IT and telecom shares declined.
Mid-cap and small-cap scrips rose on good buying with its indices gaining 1.39% and 1.64% respectively.
The BSE Sensex resumed slightly higher at 28,472.32 and moved up further to 28,504.65 on initial buying following overnight gains in US market and foreign capital inflows.
However, the barometer failed to maintain initial gains and dropped to 28,370.73 on fag-end selling before concluding at 28,442.71, showing a marginal loss of 1.30 points.
Investors preferred to book profit in select counters as RBI kept the policy rates unchanged on Tuesday in its monetary policy meeting, said traders.
However, the 50-share Nifty finished 12.95 points, or 0.15%, higher at 8,537.65.
"We believe the Nifty would consolidate further in the coming days but the overall bias would remain on the positive side till Nifty is holding above 8350 mark," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth net Rs. 106.82 crore on Tuesday, showed provisional data.
Asian stocks ended mixed as key benchmark indices in Hongkong and Singpaore eased by 0.57% to 0.95% while indices in China, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan moved up by 0.21% to 1.55%.
European markets were also trading narrowly mixed as indices in France and Germany inched up by 0.15-0.24% while UK's FTSE was quoting 0.08% lower.
Turning to the local market, seventeen out of the 30-share Sensex stocks closed with gains while others finished with losses.
Major Sensex laggards include Dr Reddys 2.43%, HDFC 1.83%, Bharti Airtel 1.72%, Hindalco 1.49%, HDFC Bank, 1.09%, Hero MotoCorp 0.83%, TCS 0.79% and ITC 0.63%.
However, ONGC rose by 2.98%, BHEL 2.50%, NTPC% 1.67%, M&M 1.57%, HUL 1.55%, Gail India 1.35%, Axis Bank 1.35%, ICICI Bank 1.27% and Maruti Suzuki 0.97%.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Auto index rose by 1.34%, Realty 1.32%, Power 1.06%, Oil & Gas 0.99% and Capital Goods 0.96% while IT eased by 0.19% and TECK 0.16%.
Reflecting rally in second line stocks, total market breadth remained positive as 1,929 counters finished in the green while 1,082 settled in the red and 120 held stable. Total turnover rose to Rs. 3,934.91 crore from Rs. 3,334.72 crore on Tuesday.

An idea born from a desperate house-hunt  a profitable biz todayComments
Into his last semester at IIT Mumbai, Advitiya Sharma got his placement offer in December 2011. Three years later, armed with a $100-million investment from Japan’s Softbank,  Sharma is busy giving job offers to 150 IITians.
Behind this success story is a struggle, and an application that filled a gap. Sharma and his friends, about to move out of the IIT hostel, were hunting for appartments in Mumbai, which was proving an excruciating search. Thus was born the idea that resulted in Housing.com, a portal that facilitates rental and purchase of houses, home loans, registrations and agreements.
Sharma and 11 of his classmates put aside their job offers to create the technology platform.
With a specialty of independently verified photographs of flats to be let or sold, Housing.com created a listing of over 400,000 properties in 45 cities that get 100,000 hits daily. Along the way, in five rounds of financing — SoftBank’s $100 million (Rs 618 crore) is the latest — the company raised $125 million from private equity investors.
Flush with funds, Housing.com is investing in expansion, people and technology. Sharma and his team are trawling IITs for suitable candidates. Housing.com gave offers to 15 students at IIT Chennai. “We will go to IITs in Mumbai, Delhi, Kharagpur and Kanpur too,” Sharma told HT. “We will cover the whole country within a year.” Housing.com is offering Rs. 12 -18 lakh as annual salary package.
“When we started we didn’t know we were going to create something big. Our initial thought was the experience would be a great learning. We were just 22 then,” Sharma said.
A few weeks ago, Housing.com bagged an exclusive deal to sell Tata Housing flats online. Other builders are interested. With steady stream of commission from agents, land owners and builders, the portal is already operationally profitable in Mumbai, said Sharma.

Govt may hike foreign direct investment in defence units to 74%Comments
In a bid to encourage foreign firms to transfer state-of-the-art technology in defence production, the government may increase the FDI cap for the sector to 74% from 49% at present.
Several opposition parties and even some affiliates of the ruling BJP, such as the Swadeshi Jagran Manch, are opposed to opening defence to foreign investment. “Keeping the FDI cap at 49% was a political call,” the official said.
“The next big sector for foreign investments is defence. To attract serious players, the government has to ease the policy. Once the political climate cools down we will move a cabinet note to increase the cap to 74%,” a senior government official said on the condition of anonymity. This may take up to two years.
India is expected to spend $40 billion (Rs 2.4 lakh crore) on defence purchases over the next 4-5 years, mostly from abroad. India imports 75% of its defence equipment, making it the world’s largest arms importer.
Indian companies such as the Tata Group, Reliance Industries, Mahindra & Mahindra, Larsen & Toubro, Godrej Group and Bharat Forge have interests in the defence sector or are keen on entering it in a big way.
However, large western armaments companies are reluctant to transfer state-of-the-art technology without majority stakes in their Indian subsidiaries.
“Encouraging foreign defence manufacturers to establish bases in India will provide a platform for transfer of high-end technology and also catalyse domestic manufacturing,” the official said.
Currently, any foreign investment in defence exceeding 49% has to be cleared by the Cabinet Committee on Security.
“This sector definitely attracts a lot of investor interest but that does not translate into actual investments because foreign arms companies are not allowed to hold a majority stake. So, there is a need to further liberalise the cap,” said Akash Gupt, partner, regulatory services at PWC.
During the UPA regime, then commerce minister Anand Sharma had pitched for raising the limit in defence to 74%.
“Globally, the defence sector has been the harbinger of new technologies and ...job creation. The US and the EU allow 100% FDI in defence manufacturing. India needs to do the same,” the official quoted earlier said.

Half of Indias 500 top companies in debt troubleHalf of India’s 500 top companies in debt trouble
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, December 03, 2014
First Published: 23:36 IST(3/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:20 IST(4/12/2014)
Comments
More than Rs. 7 lakh crore would be needed as equity infusion to correct the debt-high balance sheets of at least half of India’s 500 top corporate borrowers, posing a stiff challenge to the regulators, who have been debating on the methods to improve the financial position of Indian lenders.
According to a study by India Ratings and Research, such an equity investment would take three years to complete, while it would take more than double that time for stressed companies, which have been classified non-performing by banks. “At least 63 corporates in this stressed group may require minimum equity requirement of Rs2.4 lakh crore to barely survive or improve the likelihood of them continuing,” said Deep Mukherjee, senior director, India Ratings.
The study said that raising even a portion of the equity to correct the debt imbalance would be challenging as most of the 96 known stressed companies are close to being insolvent.
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan pitched the issue against defaulting promoters in a recent speech. “What I am warning against is the uneven sharing of risk... where promoters have a class of “super” equity, which retains all the upside in good times and very little of the downside in bad times, while public sector banks hold “junior” debt and get none of the fat returns in good times while absorbing much of the losses in bad times.”
The RBI has also pointed out that the Debts Recovery Tribunals, set up to help banks and financial institutions recover their dues, have under-performed. The amount recovered from cases in 2013-14 under DRTs was Rs. 30,590 crore, while the outstanding debt to be recovered was Rs. 236,600 crore.

On interest rates  markets proposed  RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan disposedBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Financial markets proposed but Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan disposed, but that did not deter the participants from continuing to bet their money on the view that interest rates in India are on a downhill path.
In fact, in the West it has been widely debated in the past as to whether it is the central bank that sets the course for interest rates in the economy or is it the visible hand of market that persuade central banks to follow a pre-set course. Back home in India, RBI maintains a tight leash on the domestic rates market, both at the shorter end, where it enjoys a complete control, as well as at the longer end.
There are tools available to the market participants to express their view on the rates. There is the short to medium term OIS market, the MIFOR up to 1 year is traded and now even the offshore OIS and MIFOR rates up to a year are available.
Ultimately, interest rates are the price of funds in the economy and just like any other price of goods and service, it is largely determined by the forces of demand and supply. A central bank manages the transmission of its monetary policy by tweaking that demand and supply curve to move the interest rate towards its preferred corridor. Currently, though RBI has kept the repo rate at 8% (the rate at which banks can borrow funds against collateral for the very short term), money markets, thanks to excess flow of financial liquidity and deflationary trend in global hard asset prices, have pushed some of the signaling rates much below the repo rate. The 1 year NDF MIFOR rates are quoting around 5.60% over the spot, indicating an expected short term interest rates of sub-7% in times to come. The question then comes to mind is, would RBI allow the repo rates to fall by atleast a 100 bps over the next one year?
As long as the deflationary trend in global hard assets continue, India would not only be importing deflation but also domestic cost push price inflation would remain muted. At the same time, if the domestic economy moves in a very gradual path of acceleration, which appears likely than a hockey stick like path of improvement, then inflation expectations can fall towards RBI’s medium term target of 6% and remain there to allow for it act slash rates in a meaningful manner. However, we would like to caution that, we find a substantial shift in the path of the current governor’s approach towards monetary stability. DR. Rajan has repeatedly emphasized on the need to provide a sound monetary anchor to the Rupee value. Rupee being a fiat currency has no anchor like available to a currency backed by hard money like Gold. Hence, it becomes imperative that the central bank provides an anchor in the form of low and stable inflation. In that regard, the governor has repeatedly talked about the need for a real rates to stay positive to provide the saver with an incentive to accumulate financial assets and enable money flow in the domestic economy. Hence, for repo rates to fall to 7% or lower, inflation expectation has to remain anchored around 6% for long time, which means the reduction in interest rates might happen in a very slow manner.
Over the previous week, Rupee has been largely ranged between 61.75 and 62.15 levels on spot. The stand-off between the central bank and the foreign investors continue as the latter is looking to sell on any uptick in the pair. However, the central bank, wanting to cushion to the US Dollar to prevent exporters loosing too much of competitiveness to our peers, have been using the spot and forwards market quite effectively. We find a parallel into history, between 2004 and 2006, when relentless intervention from the central bank kept the pair within a tight range of 43 and 46:50, inspite of domestic asset markets climbing new heights.
Forward premium on the spot, which is function of the state of Rupee liquidity and future direction of interest rates movement in India and US, has eased considerably. Infact, for someone looking to hedge his or her US Dollar exposures for a year, can do that now in as low as 7.10-7.15% premium over the spot US Dollar/Rupee rate and that same transaction a foreign investor can do in the offshore trading centers at a cost as low as 5.50-5.75% premium over spot rate.
Though RBI has stayed pat on its rate on lending to banks at 8% but there seems to be a widespread belief that it is only a question of when and not if, the rates are lowered by the central bank. At the same time, central bank in its zeal to keep the volatility in the Rupee low has been intervening on both sides of the market. The resultant effect of such kind of intervention has been substantial drop in the short and medium term volatility in the Rupee. However, at the same time a strong uptrend in the US Dollar overseas has created a widespread belief that Rupee can continue to weaken at a slower pace against the US Dollar. A combination of low volatility, expectation of slow depreciation in the Rupee and lower forward premium on the US Dollar is coming as a triple whammy for the external sector players.
Our channel check has revealed that importers as well as exporters have reduced their hedging activity. For an importers, paying a premium of 35 paise on average per month on the Dollar to hedge is not exciting as volatility stays low. At the same time, exporters seeing the possibility of Rupee remaining in a path of slow depreciation is not finding the low forward premium attractive enough to hedge for the medium term. For example, if the current spot rate is around 62.00 to a Dollar and the price of a 3-month futures contract /forward contract on the US Dollar against Rupee is around 62.90 to a US Dollar and if the market participants believe that in the spot Rupee can depreciate towards 63.00 by then an exporter will be not be encouraged to hedge for a quarter. At the same time an importers or a borrower in US Dollars would not like to pay a 90 paise premium over the spot as Rupee volatility remains low. Low volatility also encourages foreign speculators to play carry trade in the Rupee, something we have discussed in our previous week’s note. All in all, it increases the future instability in the Rupee. Therefore in the future, when the market is able to fairly determine the value of Rupee, we can see a sharp move unfold in one particular direction. It has been well researched that in financial markets, periods of low volatility precedes and follows periods of high volatility. At the same time, if that volatility is artificially compressed through financial innovation and or policy tools, the resultant change in volatility in the future can be much larger and can also persist for long. We believe, we have seen enough examples of that phenomenon playing out in the financial assets and the hard assets.
In domestic economic news, RBI has maintained a status quo on rates and even on all liquidity measures. However, central bank sounded a dovish tone by indicating that the shift in monetary policy can occur in early part of the next year. In other news, in November, manufacturing activity in India rose to a 21-month high. For November, the PMI rose to 53.3 points from 51.6 points in October. . At the same time, activity in India’s services sector expanded at its fastest pace in five months, mainly driven by new order flows. The index rose to 52.6 in the month, compared with 50 in October.
In global economic news, global manufacturing sector sentiment, measured by J.P. Morgan alongwith Markit, eased to a seven-month low. At the same time, US economy added nearly 321,000 jobs over the month of November, much above the 230K-260K being expected by the market. Since 2010, November has been one of the best month for job growth in the US economy due to the pick-up in hiring that occurs into the festive season. US unemployment rate remained unchanged around 5.8% and internals of the jobs reported indicated that there has been some improvement in the structural measures of unemployment as well. However, the distribution of jobs added continues to be dominated more by low paying service sector jobs. The wage data known as average weekly earnings growth decelerated to 2.17% in November. However, in a muddle state of global economy, US alongwith UK, remain a few areas of strength.
The European Central Bank quite expectedly remained pat on its monetary policy. ECB downgraded economic forecasts and lowered inflation projection. However, apart from open ended promise he did not offer any timeline to the sovereign QE. It was not a surprise to know that ECB faces opposition within the ranks about a sovereign QE. ECB said that though opposition remains to a full blown quantitative easing program, but if inflation and growth fall sharply ECB will be compelled to act. ECB also hinted at increasing its balance sheet size by Euro 1 trillion over the next two years, through a combination of T-LTRO and covered bond and ABS purchases.
US Dollar remains the preferred currency of choice in the world due to the combination of divergent path of growth/monetary policy in the west and the rising wedge between US economic growth and growth of the Asian and EM countries. Yen remains as a source of carry funded frenzy in global equity and debt markets and that means a high correlation has formed between a collapsing Yen and a melting up global risk assets. The near vertical moves in Yen and global equity markets and debt markets have made many people question the sustainability of the same. However, we need to remember a very relevant quote from the economist John Maynard Keynes, “Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent”.
Indian Rupee is expected to remain in a path of slow depreciation against the US Dollar, hence, importers and speculators can look to buy between 61.40/75 levels on spot. At the same time, Indian Rupee will continue to be our favoured pick against the Yen and the Euro. Against the Pound, we would play a range of 95.50 and 97.50 on spot.
By Anindya Banerjee, analyst, Kotak Securities
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan RBI
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Triumphant Maha CM Fadnavis allocates portfolios  plum posts for BJP  Shiv Sena gets dueNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
A day after getting Uddhav Thackeray’s Shiv Sena to join his government without having to give up the Dy chief minister’s post, a triumphant Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today allocated portfolios to the 20-member council of ministers, including 10 of the Sena, who were inducted into his expanded cabinet.
The Sena did not get any ‘crucial’ portfolios like Home, Revenue and Water Resources. Also, Fadnavis had already made it clear that there won’t be a post of Deputy CM in his government.
The cabinet ministers who had taken oath yesterday were Girish Bapat (Bharatiya Janata Party), Girish Mahajan (Bharatiya Janata Party), Diwakar Raote (Shiv Sena), Subhash Desai (SS), Ramdas Kadam (SS), Eknath Shinde (SS), Chandrashekhar Bawankule (Bharatiya Janata Party), Babanrao Lonikar (BJP), Dr Deepak Sawant (SS) and Rajkumar Badole (BJP).
Subhash Desai of the Shiv Sena, a close confidante of Uddhav Thackeray, was alloted the Industries portfolio, previously held by BJP leader Prakash Mehta.
Sena leader Diwakar Raote, currently a member of legislative council and former Mumbai Mayor, has been given the Transport portfolio.
Eknath Shinde of Sena, a third time MLA and Leader of Opposition till yesterday will hold the charge of Public Works (including Public Undertakings) in the state ministry.
Sena leader Dr Deepak Sawant, who is currently an MLC, has been alloted Public Health and Family Welfare department.
Ramdas Kadam of Sena, an MLC, and a former LoP, has been made in-charge of Environment portfolio.
BJP leader Girish Bapat, sixth term MLA from Kasba Peth in Pune has been alloted Food, Civil Supplies and Consumer Protection, Food and Drugs Administration and Parliamentary Affairs.
Girish Mahajan, fifth term Bharatiya Janata Party MLA from Jamner in Jalgaon will hold charge of Water Resources.
Chandrashekhar Bawankule of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), who is a third term MLA from Kamptee in Vidarbha has been alloted Energy, New and Renewable Energy portfolio.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Babanrao Lonikar, a third time MLA and head of party’s Jalna district unit will hold charge of Water Supply and Sanitation portfolios.
Rajkumar Badole, a second term MLA from Arjuni Morgaon in Bhandara and a staunch supporter of Union Minister Nitin Gadkari will be in-charge of Social Justice and Special Assistance portfolio.
Those sworn in as Ministers of State were: Ram Shinde (BJP), Vijay Deshmukh (BJP), Sanjay Rathod (Shiv Sena), Dada Bhuse (SS), Vijay Shivtare (SS), Deepak Kesarkar (SS), Raje Amrish Atram (BJP), Ravindra Waikar (SS), Dr Ranjit Patil (BJP) and Pravin Pote (BJP).
Deepak Kesarkar, a former NCP MLA who switched loyalties to the Shiv Sena ahead of the Lok Sabha polls will be MoS for Finance and Rural Development.
Ravindra Waikar of Sena, a third term MLA from Jogeshwari here will be MoS for Housing, Higher and Technical Education.
Sanjay Rathod, who is Yavatmal district president of Shiv Sena and a third term MLA from Digras has been made MoS for Revenue department.
Vijay Shivtare of Shiv Sena who represents Purandar Assembly seat and is a second term MLA, will be MoS for Water Resources and Water Conservation department.
Dada Bhuse of Sena, who is a third term MLA from Malegaon will be Mos for Co-operation department.
Ram Shinde, a BJP MLA from Karjat Jamkhed seat will be MoS for Home (Rural), Marketing, Public Health and Tourism.
Vijay Deshmukh of BJP, who is third term MLA from North Solapur seat will be MoS for Public Works (Public Undertakings), Transport, Labour and Textiles.
Raje Ambrishrao Atram of BJP, who won from Aheri, will be MoS for Tribal Development. Dr Ranjit Patil, an MLC who represents Amravati graduates constituency will be MoS for Home (Urban), Urban Development, General Administration, Law and Judiciary and Parliamentary Affairs.
Pravin Pote of BJP will be MoS for Industries and Mining, Environment, Public Works (excluding public undertaking).
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis will keep Home, Urban Development, General Administration, Law and Judiciary with himself.
Senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse will continue to hold Revenue, Minorities Development and Wakf, Agriculture and Horticulture, Animal Husbandry, Dairy development and Fisheries, and State Excise.
Former state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar will hold charge of finance and planning, and forest departments.
BJP leader Vinod Tawde will hold charge of School Education, Sports and Youth Welfare, Higher and Technical education, Medical Education, Marathi Bhasha and Cultural Affairs.
Prakash Mehta, MLA from Ghatkopar East in Mumbai will continue to hold Housing, Mining and Labour ministries.
Chandrakant Patil, an MLC, will hold Co-operation, marketing and textiles and Public Works (excluding public undertakings) department.
Pankaja Munde, who was made the state BJP core committee member after the death of her father and Gopinath Munde, will be in-charge of
Rural Development and Water Conservation, Employment and Guarantee scheme and Women and Child Development.
Vishnu Savara, BJP MLA from Vikramgadh seat in Palghar district, will be in-charge of Tribal Development department.
Vidya Thakur will be MoS for Women and child development, Food and Civil Supplies and Consumer Protection, Food and Drugs Administration.
Bharatiya Janata Party leader Dilip Kamble will continue to be MoS for Social Justice and Special Assistance departments.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party Devendra Fadnavis Shiv Sena Uddhav Thackeray
More from miscellaneous

Malaysians too  stupid  to run airline  says former PM Mahathir MohamadJindal Power moves SC, says being ‘doubly punished’, can’t pay fine
Malaysians are too “stupid” to manage aviation, the country’s former premier Mahathir Mohamad has reportedly said following news that a German is set to head the country’s troubled national carrier from next year.
Government-owned wealth fund Khazanah Nasional Berhad announced Christoph R Mueller as the chief executive officer-designate of a revamped Malaysia Airlines (MAS New Co) in a bid to turn around the embattled airline.
“Malaysians are stupid. They don’t know how to manage aviation,” the former prime minister was quoted saying by news portal Malaysiakini, Malay Mail Online said today.
“And now those responsible for the losses try to make things right,” he reportedly added in what appears to be a dig at Khazanah, which holds close to 70 per cent shares in MAS.
The flag carrier marked its seventh quarterly loss in a row recently. It sank deeper into the red following the mysterious disappearance of flight MH370 on March 8 with 239 passengers on board and the July 17 shooting down of flight MH17 over Ukraine carrying 298 people.
Malaysia Airlines had raked in billions in profits during the 1980s but began to suffer losses a decade later, after then prime minister Mahathir privatised the airline.
TAGS: Malaysia
More from industry

PM Narendra Modi will go ahead with visit to Kashmir Valley as scheduled: BJPJammu and kashmir
("Prime Minister is addressing…)
SRINAGAR: A day after four terror attacks set Kashmir Valley back on its heels, BJP today said Prime Minister Narendra Modi will go ahead with his election rally in Srinagar as scheduled on December 8.
"Prime Minister is addressing the election rally as per schedule on December 8. There is no change in that programme," former Union minister and senior BJP leader Shahnawaz Hussain told reporters here.
He said "people of Jammu and Kashmir are waiting eagerly for the Prime Minister" who will address gatherings at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in the Valley.
The BJP leader said Prime Minister invited his Pakistani counterpart to the oath taking ceremony and made it clear to him that the country is ready for dialogue but the talks cannot be held amid the sound of blasts.
Referring to the yesterday's attacks which left 21 persons, including 11 security personnel and two civilians dead, he said, "Pakistan is not going to learn lessons."
The BJP leader, however, said, "Modi is capable enough of answering every question of Pakistan and will treat its illness. If they are under any wrong notion, they will get the answer.
"Innocent people were murdered as the people taking part in a democratic exercise were attacked," he said.
In reply to a question, he said high voter turnout is no referendum.
"This is no referendum... there is no option for referendum. Jammu and Kashmir is an integral part of India. There is a resolution passed in the Parliament (in 1995)," he said.
He said BJP consider serving the people of Jammu and Kashmir as its national duty.
"We are not doing any favour (to the people of Jammu and Kashmir). Prime Minister has made it clear that 'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas'. We are not going to leave anyone (out)," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Air India asked to slash expenses by 10 per centDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Facing a cash crunch, Air India was today asked by the government to slash expenditure on operational heads by ten per cent and improve performance and passenger facilitation, officials said.
The direction came after top airline officials including CMD Rohit Nandan made a presentation on Air India’s performance parameters at a meeting with Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju and his Minister of State Mahesh Sharma here.
The officials said Air India, burdened by losses of about Rs 5,400 crore in 2013-14, was asked by the Minister to strive to prune its operational costs by at least ten per cent.
The Minister also told the airline officials to improve on-time performance of its flights by reducing delays and providing timely and proper information to passengers about any delay.
The passengers hit by flight delays should be provided with refreshments and alternate connections in case of major delays, they said, adding that a system of leadership should be established at the operational level to meet any crisis.
Raju reviewed Air India’s performance over the last six months and noted the improvement in its market-share and financial performance, but said accelerated efforts should be made to improve profitability to achieve a faster turnaround, especially when jet fuel prices have come down substantially.
Constant efforts should be made to ensure that the rich benefits earned by Air India by entering into the Star Alliance should be sustained, the Minister said.
Stressing optimum utilisation of resources, Raju suggested greater utilisation of its subsidiary, Air India Engineering Services Limited, so that most of the aircraft repairs and maintenance activities are carried out in-house and savings made.
Improvements in the in-flight entertainment system and other passenger-related activities should be carried out in order to meet the expectations of the travelling public, the Minister said.
Issues relating to streamlining the pay-scales and promotions of employees of the two erstwhile state-run airlines following the merger also need to be addressed expeditiously, the Minister emphasised at the review meeting.
TAGS: Air India
More from companies

AstraZeneca  Ranbaxy Labs triumph in US court  Nexium deal not anti-competitiveAstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Laboratories prevail, Nexium drug deal ‘not anti-competitive’
By: PTI |        New Delhi |  December 6, 2014 9:52 pm
Summary
In a landmark judgement for pharma sector, a US jury has ruled that AstraZeneca’s patent litigation settlement for blockbuster drug Nexium…
The lawsuit challenged a settlement between AstraZeneca and Ranbaxy Laboratories that allowed Ranbaxy to launch in 2014 a generic version of Nexium. (Reuters)
Other Articles
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest
In a landmark judgement for pharma sector, a US jury has ruled that AstraZeneca’s patent litigation settlement for blockbuster drug Nexium with Ranbaxy Laboratories was not anti-competitive.
“…a jury in the US District Court for the District of Massachusetts returned a verdict in favour of AstraZeneca in a multi-district antitrust case filed by various purchaser groups challenging the previous settlement of Nexium patent litigation with Ranbaxy,” AstraZeneca said in a release.
AstraZeneca said the company has always maintained that the plaintiffs’ allegations were without merit.
“All parties have appellate rights. Two cases making similar allegations were filed by numerous purchasers in the state court in Pennsylvania and are still pending,” AstraZeneca said.

Powerful Typhoon Hagupit slams into eastern PhilippinesTyphoon Hagupit slams into eastern Philippines, thousands flee
AP
print
Typhoon Hagupit
Typhoon Hagupit slammed into the central Philippines' east coast late Saturday, knocking out power and toppling trees in a region where 650,000 people have fled to safety, still haunted by the massive death and destruction wrought by a monster storm last year.
Packing maximum sustained winds of 175 kilometers (109 miles) per hour and gusts of 210 kph (130 mph), Hagupit made landfall in Dolores, a coastal town facing the Pacific in Eastern Samar province, according to the Philippines' weather agency. There were no immediate reports of casualties.
Although it was unlikely to reach the unprecedented strength of Typhoon Haiyan, Hagupit's strong winds and heavy rain were enough to possibly cause major damage to an impoverished region still reeling from the devastating November 2013 storm, which left more than 7,300 people dead or missing.
"There are many trees that have toppled, some of them on the highway," police Senior Inspector Alex Robin said by phone late Saturday from Dolores, hours before Hagupit made landfall. "We are totally in the dark here. The only light comes from flashlights."
From Eastern Samar, Hagupit - Filipino for "smash" or "lash" - was expected to hammer parts of a string of island provinces that was devastated by Haiyan's tsunami-like storm surges and ferocious winds. Hagupit weakened slightly on Saturday, but remained dangerously powerful and erratic.
Residents are evacuated to a safe place in Legazpi City, Albay province, southeast of Manila Saturday ahead of the arrival of Typhoon Hagupit. (AFP Photo)
Robin said about 600 families had hunkered down in Dolores' three-story municipal hall, one of many emergency shelters in the town.
"Everyone here is just looking for a place to sleep," he said. "All the windows are closed, but it is still cool because of the wind and the rain."
Eastern Samar province Rep. Ben Evardone said electricity also was knocked out early Saturday in Borongan city, about 70 kilometers (43 miles) south of Dolores, where the government has set up a command center for rescue and relief operations headed by Interior Secretary Mar Roxas.
Evardone said the strong winds also felled trees and ripped off roofing sheets. "You can hear the whistling of the wind," he said.
"Everybody is in fear because of what happened during (Haiyan)," Evardone said. "We can already feel the wrath of the typhoon. Everybody is praying."
Big waves have pushed seawater over concrete walls along a boulevard, flooding it, Evardone said.
Army troops deployed to supermarkets and major roads in provinces in the typhoon's path to prevent looting and chaos and clear debris, all of which slowed the government's response last year, said Gen. Gregorio Pio Catapang, head of the Philippines' 120,000-strong military.
"We're on red alert, so the entire armed forces is being mobilized for this typhoon," Catapang said at a news conference.
Waves, brought by Typhoon Hagupit, hit a concrete barrier along the Boulevard Seaport in Surigao City, southern Philippines Saturday. (Reuters photo)
While unlikely to reach Haiyan's strength, forecasters said Hagupit's maximum sustained winds and gusts were strong enough to set off deadly storm surges and landslides and cause heavy damage to communities and agriculture.
With a whirling band of rain clouds spanning 600 kilometers (373 miles), Hagupit has gained speed and was moving westward at 16 kph (10 mph), according to forecasters.
In the central city of Tacloban, where Haiyan's storm surges killed thousands of people and leveled villages, news of the approaching typhoon rekindled painful memories. Many residents fled to storm shelters, a sports stadium and churches even before authorities urged them to evacuate.
"I'm scared," said Haiyan survivor Jojo Moro. "I'm praying to God not to let another disaster strike us again. We haven't recovered from the first."
The 42-year-old businessman, who lost his wife, daughter and mother last year in Tacloban, said he stocked up on sardines, instant noodles, eggs and water.
Around 650,000 people have been moved to safety, including in Tacloban. A U.N. humanitarian agency spokesman, Denis McClean, said in Geneva that it was one of the largest peacetime evacuations in Philippine history. It also was reminiscent of the evacuation of 1 million people along India's coastline before Cyclone Phailin hit in October 2013.
Nearly 100 domestic flights have been canceled and inter-island ferry services suspended, stranding thousands of people.
A man throws wood along the shore as strong waves from Typhoon Hagupit hit Atimonan, Quezon province, eastern Philippines Saturday. (AP Photo)
"We've not heard of villagers resisting to be evacuated," regional disaster-response director Blanche Gobenciong said. "Their trauma is still so fresh."
In Tacloban, residents stacked sandbags to block floodwaters. One McDonald's restaurant was closed and boarded up to prevent a repetition of Haiyan's deluge, which shattered glass panes and doors of business establishments, allowing looting to take place.
Disaster preparations widened after two agencies tracking the typhoon closely - the U.S. military's Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii and the Philippine weather agency - predicted different directions for Hagupit.
The US agency said Hagupit (pronounced HA'-goo-pit) may veer northwest after coming inland and sweep past the southern edge of the capital, Manila, a city of more than 12 million people. The Philippine agency, known by its acronym PAGASA, projected a more southern path.
Gobenciong said the unpredictable path made it harder to ascertain which areas would be hit, but added that everybody "should prepare for the worst."
"We have a zero-casualty target," she said. "Just one loss of life will really sadden us all and make us wonder what went wrong."
Watch: Philippines residents flee homes ahead of Typhoon Hagupit

Bengal: BJP supporter branded with cigarette  Trinamool under fireComments
Alleged Trinamool Congress workers branded a 40-year-old Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) supporter with the letters 'TMC' -- acronym for the ruling party in West Bengal -- by using a burning cigarette last Wednesday.
The incident took place in Hooghly district -- adjoining Kolkata -- after Bishnu Choudhury reportedly participated in BJP national president Amit Shah's rally and is likely to spell fresh embarrassment for the Trinamool, which is already facing the heat over Saradha chit fund scam, terror activities and alleged hooliganism on the part of its supporters on quite a few occasions of late.
Bishnu Choudhury was subjected to torture for reportedly attending Amit Shah's rally in Kolkata. Alleged Trinamool Congress workers branded the 40-year-old BJP supporter with the letters 'TMC' by using a burning cigarette last Wednesday. (HT photo)
Choudhury, a driver by profession, was allegedly threatened at gunpoint with dire consequences if he lodged a complaint with police, after being subjected to the torture.
But, the BJP supporter took up the issue with district leaders Saturday and mailed his complaint to the local police station, superintendent of Hooghly district police and the human rights commission through a registered post.
 
According to the BJP, some Trinamool leaders had warned BJP workers against attending Shah's rally in the heart of Kolkata on November 30.
"Choudhury not only refused (to relent) but also took a few neighbours with him to attend the rally. Once he came back to his home in the evening, Trinamool workers started threatening him," said Swapan Pal, the vice-president of the BJP's Hooghly wing.
According to the complaint lodged by Choudhury, a group of Trinamool workers abducted him from the road and took him to a nearby party office when he was returning from work Wednesday.
 
"The group assaulted me and then one of them pressed burning cigarettes against my chest to write the letters 'TMC'. Then they took me home... they threatened me at gunpoint and told me not to lodge a complaint with the police," said Choudhury.
 
"It's sheer autocracy in place in Bengal. The ruling party will now decide who will support which political party!" said BJP state president Rahul Sinha.
 
CPI(M) leader Bikash Bhattacharyya, an advocate and former mayor of Kolkata, said, "In 1971, Congress supporters hammered a nail in the head of a youth in Sonarpur (on the outskirts of Kolkata) who dared to support the CPI(M). Trinamool Congress …is an offshoot of the Congress. The party should be banned as their ways are no different from a terror organisation."
 
Congress state president Adhir Chowdhury too condemned the incident.
"We can't fight among ourselves to decide who will support which party. We can only win their (voters') hearts by campaigning. What is happening now is the manifestation of sheer panic by the ruling party. If BJP gains a foothold in Bengal, such brutality by the supporters of Mamata Banerjee's party will be solely responsible."
Frequent clashes between Trinamool and BJP supporters have been reported in the state following the April-May Lok Sabha elections, in which the saffron party won 16.8% vote share and bagged two of the 42 seats.
Shah, in his recent rally, sounded the poll bugle in Bengal, asking people to overthrow the government led by Mamata Banerjee in the 2016 assembly elections while making it clear that the BJP was trying to find a foothold in the state.
 
An officer from the Mogra police station said they had received Choudhury's complaint and an investigation was on.
"The victim has named a few local Trinamool workers and we would soon nab them. We are also checking whether the complaint is framed," an official from Mogra police station said.
 
Trinamool leaders from Hooghly, however, claimed the complaint was false.
"Chowdhury is an active political worker and was a Trinamool supporter even a few months back. He had recently joined BJP and their leaders are using him to frame false charges against our supporters," said Trinamool Hooghly district president Tapan Dasgupta.
 
Local BJP leaders have decided to hit the roads Sunday against the incident. "If police don't make any arrest by Sunday morning, we will gherao the SP office," said Krishna Bhattacharya, BJP Hooghly district president.

Joshis adopted village has high-rises  wine shopsComments
 Senior BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi’s decision to adopt Singhpur village, described as a developer’s paradise for its real estate worth, has raised eyebrows, with critics saying the place is already well-developed.
At first glance, Singhpur’s only problem seems to be a problem of plenty. Surrounded by high-rise buildings, a bigha of land in the village around 15 kilometres from Kanpur, fetches somewhere around Rs. 1 crore. It has a nursery teachers’ training centre, a primary and a public school, a community health centre and a cooperative society.
Photo: Amit Yadav/HT
Village headman Chedi Singh called it a “chaman (paradise)” that needed a marriage hall, an inter college and a plan to end water-logging. “I think Singhpur will progress more after Joshiji’s decision,” he said.
Opposition leaders questioned Joshi’s decision to pick what they said was a developed area under Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s scheme of every parliamentarian adopting a backward rural place and turning it into a model village.
“What is the point in adopting Singhpur,” said Samajwadi Party general secretary Mohammad Hasan Roomi. “It is well-developed with problems that are no different than the ones in the civic wards.”
The village is not a part of Joshi’s constituency Kanpur, but comes under Akbarpur, represented by the BJP’s Devendra Singh Bholey. Singh picked it from a list of 38 villages that were given to him as Kanpur does not have a gram panchayat.
Sanjeev Tripathi of the Congress said there were many villages in Akbarpur that badly needed attention, before adding, “He could have picked any one of them.”
But the BJP defended Joshi’s decision, saying the place has its own problems. “The entire village gets marooned because of water-logging, it is a terrible situation for its inhabitants,” said BJP leader Surendra Maithani.
Residents complained about overflowing drains to the BJP leader when he went to visit them this week. “Choked drains are what we have in the monsoon. This is the biggest problem I want Joshiji to solve,” said Kanchan Gupta, who works at Rama Medical College and owns a house with a small lawn.
High-rise buildings. Amit Yadav/HT
Other people, like MA final-year student Poonam, want Joshi to help solve unemployment that is forcing people to turn to liquor, which is easily available. Singhpur has a model wine shop, three beer shops and a country-made liquor shop that ensures the village never runs out of alcohol.
It does not help the lone ATM is located at the very entrance of the village. The women want Joshi to look into the issue, saying it gives the men easy access to buy liquor.
Singhpur has a population of 7,000 and its share of poverty that can be seen in the thatched houses that line up a section of the village.
Living in one such house, with a worn-out blanket wrapped around him, 75-year-old Babulal said he expected big things from Joshi. “I want him to perform a miracle and help us get rid of our poverty,” he said.

What the world is reading:MisguidedPosted: December 7, 2014 1:01 am
 
“Stretch yourself”, she demanded of the Obama girls. “Act like being in the White House matters to you… show a little class.”
The GOP staffer, Elizabeth Lauten, who took jabs at President Obama’s daughters — Sasha, 13, and Malia, 16 — on Facebook for their facial expressions, body language and outfits during the recent pardoning of the turkey ceremony, resigned on December 2.
Saying that Lauten’s criticisms are “horribly misguided”, Claire Cohen for The Telegraph says, “Yes, the First Daughters look like they should be curled up on the sofa, watching Mean Girls. But they absolutely reserve the right to be. They’re teenagers. Who of us was sartorially savvy during those difficult years?”
“Expressing such disdain for young girls,” opines Diana Reese for the Washington Post, “hardly seems like the way for Republicans to woo women, minorities and youth.”
“Short skirts are in style. And when you’re a teenaged girl, there is perhaps nothing worse on this earth than to wear something that isn’t in style,” Reese adds.
After the firestorm of criticism erupted against Lauten, she posted an apology. “But she never used the words, ‘I’m sorry’,” continues Reese.
“Instead, she described how she prayed for hours.”
“What’s going on here? How did Lauten become such a big deal to the Left?” questions Jim Geraghty for the National Review. The simplest explanation, according to him, is: “A white Republican ‘attacked’ the Obama daughters over an issue most Americans don’t care about — insufficient enthusiasm at the silly traditional ceremony. It lets the Obamas be a victim, the (blonde!) Republican be the aggressor and bully, and the lefty online furies play the chivalrous role in defending the girls’ freedom.”
Their teenage disdain also drew its fair share of media attention, including a BuzzFeed article titled “The Obama Girls Could Not Be More Bored by Their Dad’s Jokes”.
Some Republicans criticised the news media’s coverage of Lauten’s comments, calling the attention politically biased.
“Children, especially the first daughters, are off limits. While the comments were inappropriate and insensitive, the media’s coverage of this story is appalling,” said the Republican National Committee communications director, Sean Spicer, in a series of tweets.

The virus detectivesBy: New York Times |
Posted: December 7, 2014 1:09 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 1:10 am
An old two-storey brick building in a shabby part of Cambridge, Massachusetts, formerly a distribution centre for Budweiser beer, is now the world’s most powerful factory for analysing genes from people and viruses.
And it is a factory. At any given time, 10,000 tiny test tubes each holding a few drops of gene-containing fluid are being processed by six technicians, working 24 hours a day, 365 days a year — two on the night shift — using 50 dishwasher-sized machines in two large rooms.
The machines spit out sequence data onto a computer screen in the form of a long list, in order of the letters that make up genetic material.
That is three billion letters if the genes are from a person. Another 64 technicians do the more labour-intensive work of preparing the samples for analysis.
It is all in service of researchers who work for the Broad Institute, a gleaming, lavishly endowed genetics centre a few blocks away. The sequencing centre has worked on human DNA from an international effort, the 1,000 Genomes Project, that looks at the genes of thousands of people from around the world. It has gotten sequences of microbes, like dengue fever, malaria and West Nile virus. It has gotten genetic sequences from animals like chimpanzees.
And it is here that Broad scientists studying Ebola and a similar deadly disease, Lassa, send their samples, taking advantage of what the centre’s manager, Andrew J Hollinger, referred to as superfast track sequencing in their urgent work on these diseases ravaging West Africa. Those scientists receive their sequence data in about 40 hours, compared with days for the usual work.
The Ebola and Lassa group, led by Pardis Sabeti, wants to know what the viruses look like. Do they mutate while they are infecting people, possibly evading the immune system? Are some strains more deadly than others? And what about the genetics of the people who are infected? Are some people more resistant, perhaps even immune, to these viruses because of tweaks in their own genes?
The research is emblematic of a new direction in public health, which uses powerful genetic methods and applies them to entire populations.
The aim is to get a detailed picture of disease epidemiology, as the disease is happening. Armed with such data, doctors should be better able to stop epidemics and researchers can get clues to treating and preventing infections.
In one of their first investigations, the group traced the start of the Ebola epidemic in Sierra Leone from a single funeral in May that ended up infecting 14 women. One person who had been at that funeral showed up at Kenema Government Hospital a few hours drive away from the village where the funeral was held.
As the group examined the genetics of the Ebola viruses in different patients — 78 in the first few weeks of the outbreak in Sierra Leone — they noticed the virus was continually mutating, which raises questions about whether it could become airborne or more deadly. Sabeti said the mutations were not a surprise because that’s what viruses do. But, she added, “it is also always something we should be concerned about.”
While Sabeti and others work on Ebola, they also are working on Lassa and asking the same questions.
Lassa virus is much more common than the Ebola virus, but Lassa and Ebola infections have many of the same symptoms: fever, vomiting, bleeding in some cases.
Lassa also can have dreadful consequences — only 16 per cent of those admitted to hospitals in Sierra Leone with Lassa survive. Lassa, unlike Ebola, infects the brain, so survivors often end up with permanent neurological damage like deafness or dizziness or psychiatric symptoms.
Sabeti’s interest in Lassa was piqued seven years ago, before sequencing reached today’s low price and fast speed. She had decided to look at already-determined DNA sequences from people around the world with a simple question: Are there new gene mutations, ones that only recently emerged in a population, that might protect against disease? The idea was that if a disease entered a population and was deadly, those who carried a protective mutation would survive and reproduce and soon that good mutation would become common.
She saw one such mutation in Nigeria — it was a slight tweak in a gene and so common that 34 per cent of the population there has it. The gene, called LARGE, named because it is so huge, is 10 to 50 times bigger than other genes. The gene still functioned, but why did so many people have this variation?
Elsewhere in the world, the mutation was unheard-of. This told her that it was likely that the mutation was protective. To confirm her suspicion, she had to get data —cells from people who were exposed to Lassa and fell ill and those with similar exposure who resisted the virus. That way, she could test whether the LARGE mutation was linked to a better outcome. It is a difficult project and still underway, but so far, based on a small set of data, the mutation in LARGE does appear to be protective.
“There are hundreds of mutations evolving in individuals,” she added. She said the work could also help with the development of methods of diagnosing the diseases as well as work on vaccines and treatments.
There should be practical payoffs, too. People who come to clinics ill with fevers or diarrhoea or vomiting could receive an accurate diagnosis. Many clinics send blood samples to labs to test for Ebola, but those with Lassa have just been sent away, told that what they had was “not Ebola,” which does not help much.
“I proposed years ago to do a genetic study with Ebola,” Sabeti said. But it was infeasible: There were too few patients. The situation, unfortunately, has changed.

The story of the DU student who allegedly got killed by herparentsWritten by Pritha Chatterjee , Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 1:09 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 12:17 pm
November 12, 2014 was probably the most important day of 21-year-old Bhawna Yadav’s brief life. It was the birthday of her boyfriend of two years, Abhishek Seth, and the day the two had chosen to elope and get married. “We had planned it all in detail for over two months. There was no scope of error,” says Seth, 24. The only thing they had failed to take into account was how her parents would react to their decision. On November 16, Bhawna, a resident of Dwarka, was allegedly strangulated to death by her parents and then cremated at their village in Alwar, about 200 km away. She was allegedly killed for marrying the man of her choice, a man who belonged to a different community.
************
In her class of 23 final year Sanskrit (Honours) students at Delhi University’s Sri Venkateswara College, or Venky as it is popularly called, she was simply Roll no. 2 — the girl who rarely came to class, the “girl with the boyfriend”. Yet, Bhawna was not always known to turn a blind eye to the prospects of education. She completed her class 12th from Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyala in Kakrola, scoring 60 per cent in her boards, a chirpy teenager who sat in the front row and who, despite being an average student, was never tardy. She rarely missed classes and would forever stress on the importance of getting into a good college. Getting admission in the prestigious South Campus college was a dream come true for her. “She had studied Sanskrit till class 12th and barely managed a good score in the exams. But it was not the course, but the college which mattered to her,” recalls Soni, her classmate in school, and a close friend who lived in her neighbourhood.
It was at Venky that she would meet Abhishek, even though he was studying for his Bachelors in Computer Application at the Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU). Abhishek had been dating one of Bhawna’s friends from school and the two were familiar with each other. When he broke up later, a common friend told him that Bhawna had a crush on him. “Our friend arranged a meeting in 2012. I had to go to her college, because she was not allowed to go elsewhere. Thankfully, it was a co-ed college, otherwise we would not have gone on that first date,” says Abhishek. He says their relationship was a classic case of opposites hitting it off really well. He encouraged her to experiment with her looks and introduced her to different cuisines. Soon, Bhawna would take to stitching clothes and try her hand at cooking unfamiliar dishes like pasta at home. “She used to be surprised initially by my relationship with my parents and how they knew about my past girlfriends. Slowly, I continued…

Air India asked to slash expenses by 10 per ...Air India asked to slash expenses by 10 per cent
PTI Dec 6, 2014, 08.25PM IST
Tags:
Air India
(Constant efforts should…)
NEW DELHI: Facing a cash crunch, Air India was today asked by the government to slash expenditure on operational heads by ten per cent and improve performance and passenger facilitation, officials said.
The direction came after top airline officials including CMD Rohit Nandan made a presentation on Air India's performance parameters at a meeting with Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju and his Minister of State Mahesh Sharma here.
The officials said Air India, burdened by losses of about Rs 5,400 crore in 2013-14, was asked by the Minister to strive to prune its operational costs by at least ten per cent.
The Minister also told the airline officials to improve on-time performance of its flights by reducing delays and providing timely and proper information to passengers about any delay.
The passengers hit by flight delays should be provided with refreshments and alternate connections in case of major delays, they said, adding that a system of leadership should be established at the operational level to meet any crisis.
Raju reviewed Air India's performance over the last six months and noted the improvement in its market-share and financial performance, but said accelerated efforts should be made to improve profitability to achieve a faster turnaround, especially when jet fuel prices have come down substantially.
Constant efforts should be made to ensure that the rich benefits earned by Air India by entering into the Star Alliance should be sustained, the Minister said.
Stressing optimum utilisation of resources, Raju suggested greater utilisation of its subsidiary, Air India Engineering Services Limited, so that most of the aircraft repairs and maintenance activities are carried out in-house and savings made.
Improvements in the in-flight entertainment system and other passenger-related activities should be carried out in order to meet the expectations of the travelling public, the Minister said.
Issues relating to streamlining the pay-scales and promotions of employees of the two erstwhile state-run airlines following the merger also need to be addressed expeditiously, the Minister emphasised at the review meeting.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1tzAk9OStocks set for 'Santa rally' if no naughty news
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 3:14 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Santa Claus and Nia Sanchez, Miss USA 2014,  visit the trading floor after participating in opening bell ceremonies of the New York Stock Exchange Nov. 26.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
39 CONNECT 35 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Will Santa Claus bring the gift of profit to Wall Street in the form of a year-end December rally?
If prices at the gas pump remain low and consumers stay in a buying mood around the all-important holiday shopping season, there's a strong chance Santa will deliver gains this December, says Patty Edwards, senior investment strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management.
If oil prices don't go "significantly upward, the market has a bit of a tailwind," Edwards says. "Longer-term, the market will trade on earnings — which we view as still positive — more than emotion. But as long as the consumer remains in a good mood, it would appear to us that Santa Claus is indeed coming to town."
December has a reputation as an investor-friendly month. It benefits from its inclusion in the six-month seasonal sweet spot for stocks. December is the second month in what historically has been the stock market's best six-month period, a bullish stretch from the start of November to the end of April. In fact, the 12th month of the year is the second-best month for the Dow Jones industrial average in the past 50 years, according to Bespoke Investment Group. The Dow has gained 1.6% on average in December, posting gains nearly 70% of the time.
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Federal Reserve Alabama FaceBook
Santa Claus is not something you associate with the stock market, but that’s exactly one of the things on investors’ minds as we head into December. Video by Jason Allen and Kaveh Rezaei
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  You might not associate Santa Claus with a stock market
00:08  that Walsh Richard does. I'm John Wagoner and this is America's
00:11  markets. December's the second month and historically strong period for stocks
00:16  and the second best month for Dow Jones Industrial Average the
00:19  past half century. It's also in the Santa Claus rally takes
00:22  place this seven sessions spurt that begins at the end of
00:25  December has delivered gains every year since 2009. Even though the
00:30  market is already racked up an impressive performances at record levels.
00:33  Odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal
00:36  Reserve isn't likely to change its easy many ways until wages
00:39  pick up. Something that's not gonna happen for awhile. If recent
00:43  patterns persist home builders will be one of the best performing
00:46  industry sectors as 2014 closes out. And small company stocks could
00:51  prosper as investors try to get ahead of the group's traditional
00:54  January rally. Technology stocks which offense sputter about now. Could bucked
00:59  that trend thanks momentum in big games like apple and FaceBook
01:02  and the lingering buzz from the initial public offerings of the
01:05  likes of Alabama and go pro. Exchange traded funds that invest
01:09  in retailers offer way to play. Important shopping season trends this
01:13  year but if you're thinking about buying and mutual fund this
01:15  month think again he's also get hit with an unnecessary tax
Stocks kick off December on a high note. The Standard & Poor's 500 index came off its sixth straight weekly gain, its first streak of that length since an eight-week run that ended in November 2013, according to Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices.
U.S. stocks have rallied sharply since a price pullback ended in mid-October. The gains have been powered by a strong third-quarter earnings season, an economy  growing faster than economists had forecast and coordinated stimulus programs by central bankers and policymakers in Japan, China and the eurozone that have offset the end of the Federal Reserve's bond-buying program in October.
The combination of seasonal strength, strong business fundamentals and valuations at or below long-term averages increases the odds that stocks can continue to rise into the year's end, perhaps as much as 2%, says Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
"In support of history, we think the S&P 500 should do well in December,"  Stovall says. "Our projection for solid November employment gains (when the results are released Dec. 5), our forecasts for improving holiday retail sales and the prospects for better-than-expected fourth-quarter profit growth should help maintain the market's upward momentum."
Regan: Stock rally not done because it's 'game on' for the Fed
Stocks might also get a boost from fund managers who are trailing their market benchmarks heading into the final month of the year and who could buy stocks more aggressively in an effort to catch up,  Stovall says. As late as mid-November, 73% of large-company value managers were "underperforming" the S&P 500 Value Index, and 94% of large-cap fund managers were trailing the S&P 500 Growth Index,  Stovall says.
The  "Santa Claus Rally"  is slightly different from a year-end rally, as it is more of a year-end phenomenon and can include all of December. The Stock Trader's Almanac coined the phrase "Santa Claus Rally," which refers to the performance of the stock market in "the last five trading days of the year and the first two sessions of the New Year," says Jeffrey Hirsch, the Almanac's editor.
Santa has delivered a rally over that stretch every year since 2009.
Santa Claus Rally gains average 1.5% over the seven-day period, according to Hirsch.
Hirsch expects a year-end-rally in December. "It's already underway," he says.
Working in the stock market's favor: a strong U.S. economy and healthy corporate America, still-low interest rates and the fact that the market has digested the end of the Fed's bond-buying program. Another plus: the fresh stimulus  pumped into markets in Europe, Japan and China will benefit the USA as cash flows into our market,  Hirsch says.
One caveat: All this upbeat market commentary has put stocks in an overbought position, increasing the risks going forward, says market strategist Brad Lamensdorf, the chief investment officer of the Lamensdorf Market Timing Report.
"The anticipated fourth-quarter bounce has come and gone, and the majority of gains have now been captured," Lamensdorf warns. "At this point, both the short- and long-term gauges are in overbought territory. Raising cash and hedging are recommended in such a high-risk environment."
39 CONNECT 35 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y4fhxA
MONTHLY MARKETS CHECKUP

4 EU countries suspend 25 drug studied at GVK BioUpdated: December 7, 2014 00:30 IST
4 EU countries suspend 25 drug studies at GVK Bio
PTI
company information
Four European countries have decided to suspend marketing authorisations of 25 drugs, which had undergone studies/tests at the GVK Biosciences facility here before they were introduced.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) said in a statement that it was reviewing findings of non-compliance with good clinical practise at
the GVK facility and determining its impact on medicines authorised on the basis of studies performed there.
Germany, France, Luxembourg and Belgium have already decided to suspend marketing authorisations of these drugs.
“EMA will issue a recommendation on whether the marketing authorisations of the concerned medicines should be maintained, varied, suspended or withdrawn across the EU. The recommendation is expected in January,” the regulator said.
When contacted, the GVK Bio spokesperson refused to comment, saying the news was not communicated to the company.

Top Chinese leader charged with leaking secrets  trading power for sexTop Chinese leader charged with leaking secrets, trading power for sex
PTI
print
Zhou Yongkang reacts as he attends the Hebei delegation discussion sessions at the 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China at the Great Hall of the People, in Beijing in this October 16, 2007 file photo. (Reuters)
Zhou Yongkang, one of China's top leaders in the previous Hu Jintao's regime, has been charged with trading power for sex, adultery and leaking state secrets.
Zhou, 72, was arrested for corruption and expelled from the ruling Communist Party of China (CPC) on Friday. Known as security czar for heading the internal security until 2012, Zhou was the ninth-ranking member in the nine member Standing Committee of the CPC headed by former President Hu Jintao.
He is the first top leader of the CPC since Mao era to face such ignominious fate. Zhou's expulsion from the CPC was according to a decision made at a meeting of the Political Bureau of the party's Central Committee last night, state-run Xinhua News Agency reported.
Besides corruption, he faces other charges, including helping mistresses and trading power for sex and money and leaking state secrets. The investigation found that Zhou seriously violated the Party's political, organisational and confidentiality discipline. He took advantage of his posts to seek profits for others and accepted huge bribes personally and through his family, a CPC statement said.
In this November 14, 2012 file photo, Zhou Yongkang, the then Chinese Communist Party Politburo Standing Committee member in charge of security, raises his hand to show approval for a work report during the closing ceremony for the 18th Communist Party Congress at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. (AP Photo)
 
He abused his power to help relatives, mistresses and friends make huge profits from operating businesses, resulting in serious losses of state-owned assets, it said.
Zhou leaked the Party's and country's secrets. He seriously violated self-disciplinary regulations and accepted a large amount of money and properties personally and through his family.
Zhou committed adultery with a number of women and traded his power for sex and money, it said, adding that other clues of suspected crimes by Zhou were also found during the investigation.
"What Zhou did completely deviated from the Party's nature and mission, and seriously violated Party discipline. His behaviour badly undermined the reputation of the Party, significantly damaged the cause of the Party and the people, and have yielded serious consequences," the statement said. He retired after the incumbent President, Xi Jinping who was the Vice President in the previous administration took over power last year. Zhou's arrest would break the well followed convention of not to prosecute the retired leaders for the first time.
Besides being the internal security head who even tried to spy on Hu, Zhou was stated to be close to the disgraced former senior leader, Bo Xilai who was currently serving a life sentence for aiding his wife in the murder of a British businessman.

Pakistans signature all over Kashmir bloodbath; LeT prime suspectComments
Grenades with the markings of a Rawalpindi ordnance factory, made-in-Pakistan biscuits and chocolates, telling GPS entries — Pakistan’s signature is all over the recent terror strikes in Jammu and Kashmir, counter-terror experts and top army sources told HT on Saturday.
Indian defence personnel gather near the scene of a gunfight with suspected rebels on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
These items were recovered from the possession of 12 fidayeen (suicide attackers) who struck Uri, Soura and Arnia in the last eight days. Investigations into the three attacks reveal a well-thought-out plan by the Lashkar-e-Taiba — with active help from Islamabad — to disrupt the assembly elections that have seen peaceful polling and record turnouts, the sources said.
“The terror attacks have an unmistakable Pakistan stamp. The GPS entries are proof of it. The suicide bombers who attacked Uri entered from the Line of Control. GPS entries record that,” Northern Army commander Lt Gen DS Hooda told HT.
Four terrorists had attacked an army camp in Jammu’s Arnia sector on November 27, a day before Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the region for a rally. Similarly, six gunmen hit the Uri army base and another two tried to kill innocents in Soura near Srinagar on Friday — again, days ahead of the PM’s rally in the capital.
Twenty-one people, including 14 security personnel, as well as all 12 terrorists were killed. Friday saw two more terror strikes in the Valley that left two civilians dead.
The GPS units of the terrorists in Arnia, which is 3km from the International Border (IB), showed Sialkot as their last known position on November 24.
Those of the Uri attackers showed they’d been in Chham, a known militant launching pad across the LoC, on December 3 and had crossed over at least one day before the attack, investigators said.
The IB is patrolled by the Pakistan Rangers and the BSF on the Indian side while the LoC is manned by the two armies. Investigators are convinced the intruders couldn’t have crossed over without the connivance of Pakistani troops.
According to the investigators, the Uri gunmen carried ready-to-eat meal packets (pav bhaji, chicken achari, dry fruits, etc) regularly used by the Pakistan army, and packets of made-in-Pakistan ‘Super Biscuits’ and chocolates. They had 37 grenades with markings of an ordnance factory in Rawalpindi’s Wah Cantonment and 1,500 rounds of ammunition.
“They came prepared for the long haul,” Lt Gen Hooda, who accompanied army chief General Dalbir Singh to Uri on Saturday, told HT.
The counter-terror sources said the suicide mission plan was conceived in Pakistan around November 20, before the first phase of elections. The Uri and Soura attackers were dressed in black Pathan suits.
The body of Qari Asrar, a Lashkar commander gunned down by security forces in Soura, was totally shaved — a custom followed by most fidayeen. Police suspect the other Soura attacker was Lashkar operative Irshad Ganai, a Kashmiri suspected of involvement in the 2013 Hyderpora firing incident in which 9 armymen were killed.
The Arnia attackers wore thigh-high gumboots to cross a rivulet during the infiltration and rubber gloves to cut the wire fencing, the sources said. These were found with their clothes in a nearby village, abandoned after the men changed into battle fatigues.
Investigators said the Uri attack could have snowballed had the gunmen managed to get into an adjacent camp of the Border Roads Organisation. “We were able to contain the terrorists who attempted to cut the wire and enter the BRO facility where many families were staying,” Lt Gen Hooda said.
“There are 140 people in the BRO camp. If the terrorists had got in, they may have attempted to take civilians hostage,” said an army official.
“As the firefight started in the Uri camp, some of the terrorists fired towards the living quarters. One jawan managed to escape but four others were burnt to death as the structure caught fire.”
The army has issued fresh orders to its units in J&K to secure fortifications and be prepared for more suicide attacks. “The high voter turnout has rattled the Pakistani establishment and only two of the five phases of polling have been completed so far.”
While disrupting the elections was the main target, sources said the attacks were also synchronized with Lashkar founder and 26/11 mastermind Hafiz Saeed’s two-day congregation in Lahore to boost the terror group’s credibility and its commitment to ‘liberate’ Kashmir.

Flip side: Sale of theyearWritten by Dilip Bobb |
Posted: December 7, 2014 1:54 am
This is boon time for online shoppers, with a fierce battle (check out the Lok Sabha for visuals) underway for selling items at a discount. There are a wide range of objects on sale, some exclusive to a particular site, leading to cries of  “arre sale”, but this year-end stock clearance offers the best chance to pick up some great deals. Some examples:
Bamboo: Not an item normally found on online sites, but ever since Mamata Banerjee showed us its myriad uses, complete with crude hand gestures, the bamboo has become a hot item. Coming from a Chief Minister, the endorsement of bamboo-up-the-backside therapy was clearly a case of lowering standards and bamboozled everyone. But she can take comfort from the fact that she was raising the stake in revolting against the Centre, unlike in the case of the revolting Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti. Columnist Shobhaa De has nominated ‘bamboo up the backside’ as Phrase of the Year, but it could be just a phase — albeit a painful one. Available exclusively on Flip-out Kart.
Cryonic freezers: It may be winter, but keeping things in deep freeze still has its buyers, like the followers of Ashutosh Maharaj. They have found a new use for the freezer after their guru expired and left them all in tears — cryonics. It is a process meant to preserve dead bodies and other organs, but in this case, it is meant to preserve the cult by barricading themselves against organs of the State. How a self-styled godman, accused of rape and murder, attracts such fierce loyalty defies logic, but then so does the non-acceptance of mortality — the guru died 11 months ago and has been on ice since. One explanation could be found in the cult’s website — it describes him as “an exceptionally awakened being”. Available on Mantra.
Business class seat: The popular online store DealSnapped is offering a lucky draw for a business class seat, but for those who profess to practise austerity, in public life, it could prove to be a deal-breaker. Ask Arvind Kejriwal. The poor fellow snapped up the business class seat since it was booked by his sponsors, but for a party that equates asceticism with image and therefore votes, that was cold comfort. There is also the fact that he had given up an executive class seat mid-flight, so to speak, during his stint as chief minister, and downgraded himself to cattle class. That may also be the case when it comes to Assembly seats.
Selfies: It’s the latest camera craze and now that selfies are being auctioned on sites like Zoomin, there are some good photo-ops available. Top of the ops is one showing Rahul Gandhi in a selfie with Mahatma Gandhi (only his statue, of course), taken when he was protesting against the government’s U-turns. It’s quite a political U-turn, considering his sudden burst of public activity after being statue-like most of the time. A selfie with the original Gandhi continued…

Out of my mind: Hard workforeverWritten by Meghnad Desai |
Posted: December 7, 2014 1:49 am
A hundred years ago, there were few nations. There were large empires — British, French, Austro-Hungarian, Romanov dynasty of Russia and the Ottoman Empire. The US was an independent republic but not a power to reckon with at the international level. The Great War forged a revolution.
The maritime empires of Britain and France survived and the other three disintegrated. Russia became the powerful Soviet Union. The US emerged as the leading capitalist nation. The capitalist system went through the crisis of the Great Depression, while planning and growth flourished in the Soviet Union. The future seemed to be red.
The next World War led to the dissolution of the British and French empires. Only the US and USSR survived as global powers. This seemed like a mighty duel between capitalism and socialism. My generation grew up unsure about which side would win. But before the century ended, only the US was left as a world power.
On the centenary of the First World War, where are we now? The global economy has been through a huge financial crash. Asia has emerged as an economic miracle. Ten years ago, BRICS was hailed as the new group of powerful economies that would form an alternative centre of economic gravity to the US. The developed economies have been through a crunch and have faced severe problems of deficit and debt reduction. Who will survive at the top when the centenary of the World War II comes in 25 years?
Crystal gazing is better left to astrologers, but some guesses can be made from lessons of the past. We know the Soviet Union collapsed due to the weight of its military ambitions as these were not matched by its economic capacity. Even since the collapse of the USSR, Russia has failed to tackle its economic weakness. It relied too much on its oil reserves and now, with the steep drop in oil prices, the rouble has collapsed. Russia’s strong-arm tactics in Ukraine have proved costly. Sanctions are hurting and capital is leaving Russia fast. When the old Communist system dissolved, Russia failed to build an alternative sustainable system. It did not reform its political system either. The KGB remained in power and now it is in a mess. It will no doubt blame the West for its problems but when the money runs out, hard questions will have to be posed.
Western nations are going through a different sort of crunch. Decades of prosperity built up many entitlements. Growth was taken for granted, consumption was expected to rise year on year. Since the 2008 financial crisis, few economies have been able to grow. Debts have been high and unemployment rising. The UK has put itself through a harsh deflation to cut the deficit, pruning the welfare expenditure and increasing taxes. Five years of austerity have now begun to continued…

Launchpad: Xolo OmegaOur first impression is that the phone looks a bit like the Moto G and is very comfortable in the hand, thanks to its curved edges.
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:18 am
It’s different
Product: Xolo Omega
Price: Rs. 8,999
XOLO, the premium smart devices brand from Lava International, has announced its new Omega smartphone variants through an exclusive twitter launch. The Omega comes in two variants. Omega 5.0 and Omega 5.5. Both have HC IPS screens, 1.4 GHz Octa-Core MTK6592M Processor and powered by XOLO’s proprietary HIVE platform. It comes with Quad-Core 600MHz Mali 450 GPU and 1 GB RAM. Our first impression is that the phone looks a bit like the Moto G and is very comfortable in the hand, thanks to its curved edges.
 
Product: Gionee ELIFE S5.1
Price: Rs. 18,999
In the past year or so Gionee has made a reasonable impact on the Indian smartphone market. After it launched the Elife E7, it shocked the world by bringing in the the Elife S 5.5, the thinnest phone in the world. Now, the Chinese company has shaved a few more millimetres and introduced the Elife S5.1, which is again the thinnest in the world at the moment, at almost a centimeter thinner than the iPhone 6. The ELIFE S5.1 comes with a 4.8-inch (720x1280p, ~306 ppi) AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, Mediatek MT6592 octa-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A7 processor, 1GB RAM, 16GB storage with no external card slot and an 8MP rear camera.

Contributions  INDCs on agenda before ParismeetPosted: December 7, 2014 2:08 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:47 am
The two-week annual climate conference being held at Lima has reached its half-way stage.
What has been achieved in the first week?
The climate talks have never delivered any result in the first week and there have been no decisions here as well. Parallel sessions are being held on a wide variety of issues including the basic elements of the climate agreement that is expected to come into being in next year’s meeting at Paris. A large number of technical and administrative sessions are also held.
So what has been the progress made?
The most important discussions have been focussed around INDCs, or Intended Nationally-Determined Contributions, which is the main building block for the future climate treaty. Each country has to report by next year what it intends to do to contribute to the fight against climate change. Various options on the kind of actions that can be included as ‘contributions’ have been discussed. There are differing views on this and countries are far away from convergence. The discussions on these will become more intense in the second week. The main points of contention on INDCs are the following
# Inclusion of Adaptation, finance and transfer of technology: European Union, Japan and some other countries are of the view that only actions that help in reducing greenhouse gas emissions should be counted as ‘contributions’ in INDCs. Almost every developing country, including India, however, wants adaptation measures also to be counted. These countries also want efforts on providing money or transferring technology to poorer nations to be included in INDCs. This will help in holding the rich countries accountable to their promises on ensuring financial and technology flows. The tug-of-war has just begun and this battle is likely to continue till the very end.
There is a fair chance that the developing countries might win this battle.
# Commitment Period: The other disagreement is about the time period for which ‘contributions’ are committed. On this, India is on board with the European Union in asking for longer commitment periods, at least ten years, starting from 2020. China is also in favour of a 10-year commitment period. The idea is that longer commitment period would ensure better predictability of actions, better actions, and more stability to investments being made. The United States, however, wants five-year commitment periods so that countries can make quicker review of their actions and enhance their ambition or change their plans if required.
# Ex-post Review: Since the INDCs are ‘nationally-determined’ and voluntary, the level of ambition in making ‘contributions’ is likely to be low. There is a distinct possibility that the total ‘contributions’ of all the countries might not be adequate to keep the global temperatures rise below 2 degree Celsius from 1850 baseline which is what science says is must to avoid catastrophic effects of climate change. Countries do not agree on what must happen in such a scenario. Some countries want an assessment of each country’s INDC to see whether these are in line with the global 2 degree target. India and the United States strongly resent any such provision, saying such an exercise will negate the ‘nationally-determined’ nature of the ‘contributions’.
So how are these differences being sorted out?
Small contact groups have been made where negotiators are trying to reach a middle ground. Meanwhile, a draft text on INDCs has been prepared which is being discussed by all the countries at a larger forum for agreement on other, non-contentious, issues.
What is expected in the second week?
Negotiations are known to get speeded up in the second week of the climate conference. An agreement on the definition and structure of the INDCs is the least that the countries want to go back with. Next week will also have the high-level segment in which ministers and political leaders participate. India’s Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar will attend the ministerial sessions.

Financial matters dictate talks on climatechangeWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:03 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:47 am
Climate change talks, one would assume, would be driven mainly by environmental concerns. But going by the buzz in Lima, money seems to be an equally big, if not bigger, driver of the way the climate agreement will be shaped. Some, of course, argue that money is the limiting factor and not the driver.
With huge sums of money involved in the kind of actions necessary to effectively deal with climate change, finance has always been an integral part of climate discussions. The order of financial commitments talked about is in tens and hundreds of billions of US dollars per year, sometime even trillions of US dollars.
Only on Friday, a new UN report said the current projected financial costs for adapting to climate change might be a gross underestimate.
The Adaptation Gap report by the UN Environment Programme said the adaptation costs can be at least two to three times higher than the current estimates of about $70-100 billion per year by 2050 even in the best case scenario. It could even reach $500 billion per year by 2050 if adequate steps on cutting greenhouse gas emissions are not taken.
The costs of reducing emissions can be even higher as it has economy-wide impacts. Estimates put that figure in the range of 1 to 2 per cent of global GDP per year under different scenarios. And there are costs associated to a variety of other climate actions as well.
Any talk of climate action, it is evident, is meaningless without huge amounts of money being apportioned for it.
The reason why finance has been dominating discussions at Lima is that for the first time, big money has actually started flowing in climate channels. There is a maze of financial mechanisms through which climate money flows, making exact computations difficult, but some encouraging assessments have come over this week. The most clear is the $10 billion added to the Green Climate Fund, established only recently, in a matter of a few months. It has got everyone excited, even though this money is only a pledge right now and is still to be delivered.
The Secretariat of UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), the umbrella agreement under which the climate talks take place, put forward a first of its kind assessment which found that hundreds of billions of dollars in climate finance had already started flowing across the globe. Annual average flows were of the order of $340-650 billion, “possibly higher”, in 2011 and 2012. This included between $40-175 billion in climate support to developing countries from the developed world.
“The good news is that money is not an issue. There is plenty of money out there,” Aliz Mazounie of Climate Action Network, a group of climate non-government organisations, said. She said there was a need to further convert “bad” money, like money being used on subsidies for fossil fuels, into “good” money.
At the 2009 Copenhagen climate meet, developed countries had pledged to mobilise $ 100 billion every year by 2020, through public and private sources, and make it available for poorer nations to use it for their climate actions. These countries still swear by that commitment.
However, the scale, and consistency, of the requirement is such that even all this money might not be enough. Christiana Figueres, the topmost official of the UNFCCC, called the $100 billion pledge as “frankly a very, very small sum”.
“We are talking here about trillions of dollars that need to flow into the transformation at a global level,” she said.
Stefan Schwager, co-chair of the standing committee on finance which put out the assessment on climate finance flows, said it was good to know that the money flows were real and not imagined. “Climate finance flows have always been a little bit of sore spot at the negotiations over the last few years because nobody had a clear figure,” he said.
The sudden availability of money, and the prospect of more money being made available in future, has led countries like India to start making preparations to access this money to fund their climate programmes. The Indian government has already begun an exercise to complete all the necessary formalities early so that when the money does start coming in the Green Climate Fund, for example, it can move fast to access it.
“Why not? If money is being made available and we are entitled to tap into it, we should claim it. There would be requirement of thousands of billions of dollars for our climate action programmes and most of it would have to be raised through domestic resources. If we are able to access some money from other resources we would welcome it,” said Susheel Kumar, the head of the Indian delegation at Lima.
 FUND FACTS
# $9.7 billion in Green Climate Fund till now. Contributors include US ($3 billion), Japan, Canda, Spain, Norway, Germany, Australia and some others.
# $100 billion to be raised per year from 2020 by developed countries
# About $650 billion in climate flows annually in 2011-12
# Up to $175 billion in annual support to developing to developed nations
# Climate money flows through a variety of other bilateral, regional and multi-lateral channels as well like the Global Environment Facility of the World Bank or in the form of Overseas Development Assistance
# As much as $500 billion per year might be required just for adaptation by 2050
# About 80% of the funds used for climate action in developed countries is raised at home. In developing countries this figure is 70%
# About 95% of global climate finance is spent on mitigation, or efforts to reduce emissions. Only 5% is utilised for adaptation.
# Subsidies for oil and gas, and investments in fossil fuels are almost double the total global climate finance

Orwell  and a need to look like asahibOrwell wrote that he did not want to shoot the elephant, but with throngs watching him, could not figure out a way not to as a sahib, a man of stature.
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:00 am
After all, you still have to go to work, so Galvin Harris boarded a train in Harlem on Thursday afternoon on his way to take care of a house in Brooklyn.
Still laden with distress over the events of the week, he sat next to a stranger — me — and glanced at the printout on my lap.
“Oh, Shooting an Elephant,” Harris said, calling out the title. “I read that for a college course.”
The essay was published in 1936. A friend suggested it could shed light on the death of Eric Garner this summer. Suspected of selling loose cigarettes, he refused to be arrested. He was brought to the ground by a police officer and pinned there with force that led to his death.
A grand jury on Staten Island just decided not to bring charges against the officer who had subdued Garner.
Harris’s recollection of the essay was sound: It was written by a former British police officer in lower Burma who is overseeing a town where a bull elephant breaks free and wreaks havoc. The townspeople want the officer to do something about it. He shoots the elephant.
“Who was the writer?” Harris said, peering down. “George Orwell, of course. It’s a good analogy.”
Born in Harlem, Harris, 57, “an American of African descent”, said he had repeatedly watched the video of Garner, face pressed into the sidewalk, calling out that he could not breathe.
“Every time I look at it, see him on the ground, I —” Harris put a hand on his own chest — “I have a hard time breathing myself. I try to read his lips.”
No other officers intervened. The ambulance team that responded provided virtually no care to Garner as he appeared to be slipping out of consciousness.
“He’s a human being,” Harris said. “No one’s doing anything for him. It’s clear-cut. I don’t think the cop set out to murder him. But it’s not manslaughter? It’s not negligence?”
The circumstances of Garner’s death were captured on videotape, unlike the death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, where witnesses gave conflicting accounts of what led to his final, fatal encounter with a police officer.
Despite what seemed to be a more clear-cut situation in New York, protesters in the city did not replicate the destructive response in Ferguson on the first night after the grand jury did not bring charges.
“It’s not as turbulent here,” Harris said. “Missouri is a different set of black people. Much smaller police department, all white, over a black population. A lot of brothers here think they’re free.
“I understand the anger in Missouri, but not the continued…

More US troops than planned to stay in Afghanistan: HagelBy: Associated Press | Kabul |
Posted: December 6, 2014 10:08 pm
U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Saturday the United States will keep as many as 1,000 more troops in Afghanistan than planned for the first part of 2015.
At a news conference at the presidential palace with President Ashraf Ghani, Hagel said the original plan to cut U.S. troop levels to 9,800 by the end of this year had been abandoned, but not because of a recent surge in Taliban attacks.
Hagel said the U.S. will keep up to 10,800 troops for the first few months of next year and then restart the drawdown, which is scheduled to reach 5,500 troops by the end of 2015.
The U.S. decided to keep additional forces in the country temporarily because planned troop commitments by U.S. allies for a NATO train-and-assist mission starting in January have been slow to materialize.
President Barack Obama “has provided U.S. military commanders the flexibility to manage any temporary force shortfall that we might experience for a few months as we allow for coalition troops to arrive in theater,” he said. “But the president’s authorization will not change our troops’ missions, or the long-term timeline for our drawdown,” he added.
On his final visit to Afghanistan as U.S. defense secretary, Hagel said with striking optimism that he believes Afghans will successfully put down a surge in Taliban attacks in the capital and stabilize the nation.
Hagel arrived in Kabul on a previously unannounced trip one day after Obama declared he would nominate one of Hagel’s former deputies, Ashton Carter, to succeed Hagel, who resigned under pressure on November 24.
In an interview with reporters traveling with him from Washington aboard a military aircraft, Hagel was in a reflective mood about America’s longest war. He recalled arriving in Kabul in January 2002 as a member of a congressional delegation when security was so dicey that the lawmakers arrived under cover of darkness and left before dawn. Hagel at the time was a Republican senator from Nebraska.
The Taliban, which had ruled Afghanistan since 1996, were forced from power in late 2001 just weeks after a U.S.-led invasion prompted by the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
But they recovered gradually after the U.S. shifted its military focus to Iraq in 2003, and by 2008 the U.S. was conceding that the war in Afghanistan was stalemated. Hagel, on his fourth trip to Afghanistan as defense secretary, said it should not be surprising that the Taliban are still able to launch significant attacks in the capital.
“The Taliban are going to continue to have pockets of resurgence, and it’s predictable that they would do everything they possibly could to disrupt” the new Afghan government under Ghani and Chief Executive Officer Abdullah Abdullah, Hagel said.
The Taliban clearly are aiming continued…

For US unemployed  job market hits a turning pointFor US unemployed, job market hits a turning point
AP Dec 6, 2014, 11.02PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Look past the booming November…)
WASHINGTON: Look past the booming November job gain of 321,000 reported Friday the best figure in three years in the strongest year for US hiring since 1999.
The job market has reached a new milestone on its road to full health: For the first time since the Great Recession ended 5{ years ago, America's unemployed are now as likely to be hired as to stop looking for a job.
It means that employers have grown confident enough to fill more job vacancies. And it means the unemployed are now less likely to succumb to frustration.
The hiring surge owes much to solid consumer spending _ on items like cars, electronics and restaurant meals. That, in turn, has given businesses the means to step up investment in machinery, computers and facilities. Thanks to such spending, the economy grew at a 4.3 per cent annual pace from April through September the healthiest six-month spurt since 2003. Employers have responded by adding a robust average of 241,000 jobs a month this year.
For each month, the government estimates the proportion of the unemployed who found work and the proportion who stopped looking. In November, 23 per cent of people who were out of work the previous month found jobs, and the same per centage gave up looking. (The figures are three-month averages, intended to smooth out volatility.)
That was the highest per centage of the unemployed to find work in any month since the recession officially ended in June 2009. A year ago, fewer than 19 per cent of the unemployed were finding jobs.
The increase marks the first such sustained improvement since the recession ended. This year's acceleration in hiring has been potent enough to finally soak up a significant proportion of the jobless. During the first four years of the recovery, businesses had hired at a rate that was merely enough to keep up with population growth.
The brightening picture has been a relief for people like Kersten Higgins, who had begun job hunting in July after graduating from law school. She didn't get a single interview until November, when she got four.
Two of the interviews produced offers. She's accepted a position at Mutual of Omaha, where she will help ensure that its insurance policies comply with federal rules. Higgins, 26, who lives in Omaha, Nebraska, starts Monday.
"I feel great," Higgins said. "This definitely fits into the category of jobs I hoped to get coming out of law school."
At the same time, the government's jobs figures illustrate how much improvement is still needed. Before the recession began in 2007, the unemployed were more likely to find work than to stop looking in every month dating to when record-keeping began in 1990. Since the recession ended, that's been true for only three months out of 65.
One sour note amid the improving outlook for the unemployed: The jobless are likelier now than before the recession to land only part-time work. Though the economy has regained all the jobs lost to the recession, there are still nearly 2 million fewer people with full-time work.
In other cases, the jobs the formerly unemployed have now pay less than those they had before.
  One reason the unemployment rate declined early in the recovery was that hundreds of thousands of people grew frustrated with their job hunts and stopped looking. Once people stop looking for a job, they're no longer counted as unemployed. At that point, the unemployment rate can fall even if hiring is weak. But now, the number of such dropouts has plateaued.
The figures that show the unemployed are now as likely to get a job as to stop seeking one mean that fewer will end up jobless for prolonged periods. Research has shown that the longer people are unemployed, the more reluctant employers are to hire them.
"This is one of the most important indicators, because if this rate doesn't pick up, then long-term unemployment persists," said Aysegul Sahin, vice president for research at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Companies are advertising the most jobs in nearly 14 years. And more Americans are quitting their jobs for better opportunities. That provides openings for others.
Employers hired just over 5 million people in September, the most in nearly seven years. That figure reflects total hiring. By contrast, November's 321,000 job gain is a net figure: Total hiring minus layoffs, quits and retirements.
Early in the recovery, each month's net job gain was driven more by fewer layoffs than by more hiring. That helped explain why the unemployed had such trouble finding work.
Landing a job remains much easier for those who have been unemployed only briefly. For those out of work for six months or less, 31 per cent found jobs in October. For those unemployed for more than six months, the rate was just 14 per cent.
"The long-term unemployed are still being left behind," said Claire McKenna, a policy analyst at the National Employment Law Project.
But there are signs of hope even for the long-term unemployed. Their prospects of finding a job over the course of a year are nearing pre-recession levels, according to research by the New York Fed.
Marcia Hauler of Atlanta began a job last month after eight months of searching. She took a position as an account executive with Concur Technologies, which manages businesses' expenses.
Her job search was a frustrating one: She had numerous interviews, including six with one company that ended up not hiring her.
But "toward the end of the summer, it seems like there were more jobs available," she said. "My story has a happy ending."
FEATURED ARTICLES

SpiceJet faces headwinds from travel agentsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
SpiceJet faces headwinds from travel agents
Adith Charlie
AAI has put the budget airline on cash-and-carry mode
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
SpiceJet’s slipping financial health and the recent round of last-minute flight cancellations are prompting travel agents to be cautious in selling tickets of the budget carrier.
Several travel agents are advising customers to refrain from flying SpiceJet until the budget airline stabilises operations and manages to find a cash-rich investor, it is reliably learned.
“We understand that the airline is going through a tough time and has not been able to maintain integrity of schedules. Hence, we are dissuading customers from making fresh bookings before more clarity emerges on SpiceJet’s future roadmap,” said Manoj Shah, President, Tour Operators & Travel Agents Association (TAG) of Gujarat and proprietor of Krishna World Travels.
SpiceJet, which recently reported its fifth consecutive quarter of losses, has been returning some of its Boeing 737 aircraft, as a result of which its fleet has shrunk to 22 from 35 in summer. This has resulted in flight reductions on several routes.
“In certain sectors, eleventh hour cancellations are still happening. Hence, we are appraising passengers of the ground situation and advising them to go in for other flight options for the time being,” said Reji Philip of Mumbai-based Cosmos Agencies.
In an email response to a Business Line questionnaire, SpiceJet Chief Operating Officer Sanjiv Kapoor said: “We have seen no evidence of what is claimed. We are in touch with all our major partners.”
In the last several months, SpiceJet had flooded the market with lucrative advance fares, a move which helped flyers get bargain deals.
Anuj Pathak, proprietor of Ahmedabad-based Radiant Holidays, said: “We had sold four tickets of SpiceJet to a family on Ahmedabad-Mumbai sector for Rs 10,000. When they reached the airport, they were told that the flight is cancelled. Finally, the family had to fork out Rs 30,000 to fly on another carrier,” Pathak added.
There is also a lingering fear in the trade that the no-frills airline may go the Kingfisher Airlines way. The Vijay Mallya-owned Kingfisher was grounded in 2012 under the weight of heavy debt and accumulated losses.
SpiceJet, which is controlled by billionaire Kalanithi Maran's Sun Group, had reported a loss of Rs. 310.4 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, 2014. The carrier has been scouting for an investor to recapitalise the airline. It needs at least Rs 1,200 crore to remain in the skies, according to a recent CAPA report.
“Many travel agents are yet to get refunds for tickets from Kingfisher. Now, even refunds from SpiceJet are getting delayed and hence the scepticism in suggesting SpiceJet to clients,” said Pathak.
Starting today, Airports Authority of India has put SpiceJet's operations on cash and carry mode. An airline is put on cash and carry mode when it is unable to clear its dues in the time specified or when its dues mount beyond acceptable limit. Last week, ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picked up 1.4 per cent stake in Spicejet.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Friends again in MaharashtraUpdated: December 6, 2014 08:58 IST
Friends again in Maharashtra
politics (general)
After weeks of tough talk and posturing over Cabinet berths and portfolios, the Shiv Sena , for all its efforts, appears to have got very little from the Bharatiya Janata Party. The Sena joined the Devendra Fadnavis government without its major demands being met; the party will not have a deputy chief minister, nor will it get the home portfolio. For sure, the BJP needed the numbers of the Sena as the “unconditional support” of the Nationalist Congress Party, a scam-tainted foe-turned-friend, was neither reliable nor desirable. But the cushion of the NCP’s support came in handy for the BJP during its negotiations with the Sena. Out of power for 15 long years, the Sena was under pressure from its own middle rung to join the government. There was also the fear of desertion from its ranks of MLAs and a rush to the BJP, clearly a party on the rise in Maharashtra. Moreover, a total break with the BJP would have made its continuance in the BJP-led government at the Centre untenable. After all, unlike in Maharashtra, the BJP had a majority of its own in the Lok Sabha and the Sena was a crutch that could be thrown away. Indeed, the Sena was the loser when it sought to link its participation at the Centre to sharing power in Maharashtra. Prime Minister Narendra Modi was unmoved by the regional party’s decision to withdraw its nominee from the list for last month’s expansion of the Union Council of Ministers , and, in a snub, included a Sena dissident, Suresh Prabhu, after enrolling him in the BJP.
However, the patch-up between the two saffron parties will constantly be under strain, not only because of the bitterness of the last few months, but also because of their competing ambitions. The Sena is now playing second fiddle to the BJP because it has no other choice, but sooner or later the party would want to recapture its lost space as the premier Hindutva party in Maharashtra. The two parties parted ways before the Assembly election because the BJP was unwilling to concede the Sena’s demand to declare its pramukh Uddhav Thackeray as the chief ministerial candidate of the saffron alliance. Despite the beating it took in the election, the Sena will, therefore, not be reconciled for too long to remaining a junior partner of the BJP in Maharashtra. Just as the patch-up was an event foretold, given the way the numbers fell in the Assembly after the election, so too strains and counter-pulls in the alliance are inevitable. The Sena and the BJP can be in the government together for a long while, but when the next election comes they may have to take a hard decision to either go together or part ways. It is to be hoped that their fight for the same political space would not hamper governance.

Typhoon slams into Philippines  1 million ev...You are here: Home > Collections
Typhoon slams into Philippines, 1 million evacuated
Reuters Dec 7, 2014, 09.25AM IST
Tags:
Haiyan
("The wind is blowing so strongly,…)
MANILA: A powerful typhoon ploughed through the central Philippines on Sunday, bringing howling winds that toppled trees and power poles and cut off communications with areas where thousands were killed by a massive storm just over a year ago.
More than 1 million people had fled to shelters away from coastal areas and landslide-prone villages by the time Typhoon Hagupit made landfall on Saturday night, in what a UN agency said was one of the world's biggest peacetime evacuations.
As the storm barrelled in from the Pacific, power was cut across most of the eastern island of Samar and nearby Leyte province, including Tacloban City, considered ground zero of the devastating super typhoon Haiyan last year.
"I can't penetrate the areas, I can't go north or south because of fallen trees and power lines. Many areas are flooded," Ben Evardone, congressman for Eastern Samar, said from his base in the provincial capital Borongan.
Local radio reported at least two people were killed in Eastern Samar, that could not be confirmed by officials. The Philippine Red Cross said they were also verifying the report.
Hagupit had weakened to a category 3 storm, two notches below "super typhoon", when it hit land, but still brought torrential rain and the risk of potentially disastrous storm surges of up to 4.5 metres (15 ft).
"This storm is still very strong, it could bring massive devastation," said weather forecaster Alvin Pura.
The eye of the typhoon was located 70 km (45 miles) northwest of Catbalogan, Samar, after slamming into the town of Dolores, in Eastern Samar, on Saturday night.
After churning across Samar island overnight, it was expected to make a second landfall on the island of Masbate around 10 a.m. (0200 GMT) on Sunday, the Philippine weather bureau PAGASA said.
"There were areas that experienced storm surges," said Science and Technology Secretary Mario Montejo, adding the agency was verifying the exact height of the waves.
Hagupit was moving west northwest at 15 kph (9 mph), bringing winds of up to 160 kph (99 mph) near the centre and gusts of up to 195 kph (121 mph).
The weather bureau said Hagupit - which means "lash" in Filipino - maintained its projected path towards Masbate, Romblon and Oriental Mindoro provinces, slightly north of areas devastated by super typhoon Haiyan last year and missing the capital Manila.
Residents of low-lying villages and landslide-prone areas had been evacuated to schools, civic centres, town halls, gyms and churches, the national disaster agency said.
There were more than 1.2 million people crowding over 1,500 evacuation centres across central Philippines, said Gwendolyn Pang, secretary general of the Philippine Red Cross, adding local governments were providing the evacuees' basic needs.
But there were worries on sanitation and the impact on health of the evacuees in cramped spaces especially in urban areas.
"The critical issue is in evacuation centres where there is a high number of evacuees," said Social Work Secretary Corazon Soliman. "We are concerned that the congestion will cause more threat on health."
Environment and humanitarian groups are hoping the typhoon would spur action at UN climate talks in Lima, where almost 200 nations are meeting to work out an accord to slow global warming, due at a summit in Paris in a year's time.
"My country is under water, farms have been wiped away, homes destroyed, families separated," Shubert Ciencia of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement and a member of global relief organisation Oxfam, said in Lima.
"Nobody should have to live under the threat of destruction year after year. But we want action, not pity. Negotiators have a chance to make history by standing up for those who have already lost so much and the millions more who will suffer the same fate unless we act now," Ciencia said.
An Oxfam report in November showed Asia is highly vulnerable to increasingly severe and frequent weather extremes and woefully underprepared to manage growing crises.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Koraput to be nurtured as Aero Engine CapitalAir Chief Marshal
(The Air Chief Marshal inaugurated…)
KORAPUT (ODISHA): Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha today underscored the need to ensure that Koraput in Odisha emerges as the aero engine capital of the country.
Speaking at the Golden Jubilee celebrations of HAL ( Hindustan Aeronautics Limited ), Koraput Division at Sunabeda here, the Chief of Air Staff said that the Division had the potential, evident from the work done in the past 50 years, especially in carrying out manufacturing, repairing and overhauling of MiG and Su-30 engines.
The Air Chief Marshal inaugurated a two-day national seminar on 'Emerging trends in aero-engine architecture and self-reliance' here. The Air Chief also inaugurated the indigenisation and outsourcing exhibition organised on the occasion.
Odisha Chief Secretary G C Pati who attended a function marking Golden Jubilee of HAL Koraput, said, "HAL should lay more emphasis on outsourcing since such a step would lead to creation of jobs and businesses at different levels in the state."
RK Tyagi, Chairman HAL while thanking IAF and the state government for their continued support, urged HAL employees to achieve more in next 10 years than what they accomplished in the last 50 years.
"Koraput is already aero engine capital of India. In general HAL is on the right path with its all-round progress especially in the last two years. We have come a long way from being manufacturing company to a technology driven company," he said.
K Tamilamani, Director General, (Aeronautics), DRDO insisted that efforts must be made to have indigenous engine as dependence on others costs the country heavily. "Since we have the potential and infrastructure as companies like HAL are around, we must make all the efforts with proper time line," he said.
S Subrahmanyan, Managing Director of HAL MiG (Complex) in his welcome address outlined the growth and contribution of the Division.
A coffee table book on 50 years of Koraput Division was released on the occasion.
The two-day seminar focuses on topics such as advanced gas turbine engine for combat aircraft, developments in fourth and fifth generation engines, aero-engine applications in the context of advanced magnesium alloys, technology challenges in developing aero-engines etc. Scientists and experts from all over the country are participating in the seminar.
HAL Koraput Division, was set up in April 1964 at Sunabeda, Koraput District of Odisha to manufacture R11-F2 Turbo-Jet Aero-Engines for MiG-21 aircraft.
Since then, the Division has manufactured and overhauled R-25, R-29b, RD-33 and AL-31FP engines to power the MiG-21Series, MiG-27M, MiG-29 and Su-30 MKI aircrafts respectively for the Indian Air Force.
During the last 50 years of glorious service, the Division has manufactured 1574 engines and overhauled 7417 engines, an official release issued by HAL said.
The Division presently has state of the art facilities for manufacturing 4th generation aero engines, which include, Robotised TIG Welding (Manned Chamber Welding), Electron Beam Welding, Detonation Coating, Hot Isostatic Pressing (HIP), Isothermal Forming, Cold Rolling of Blades, Ion Nitriding, Alphatisation and a battery of CNC machining centers.
The Division has also mastered critical technologies for manufacturing Single Crystal Blades and Directionally Solidified Blade castings.
The Division is presently augmenting its capacities for manufacturing and overhauling enhanced numbers of AL-31FP engines, Overhaul of RD-33MK engines. The Division is in the process of establishing manufacturing facilities for AL-55I engines for the Intermediate Jet Trainer aircraft and the High Altitude Test Bed facility.
The Division has achieved a turnover of around Rs 1750 crores during the financial year 2013-14 with a dedicated workforce of 3775 employees.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Welspun India lines up Rs 2 500 crore expans...Welspun India lines up Rs 2,500 crore expansion plan
PTI Dec 6, 2014, 09.22PM IST
Tags:
B K Goenka
(The Rs 2,500-crore expansion…)
ANJAR (GUJARAT): Home-grown textile major Welspun India plans to invest Rs 2,500 crore to expand manufacturing capacities over the next 12 months.
"We have decided to invest Rs 2,500 crore in our textile business over the next 12 months period. We have set up the country's largest spinning facility at Anjar with an investment of around Rs 800 crore," B K Goenka , Chairman of textiles-to-steel Welspun Group, told reporters here today.
The new facility will be instrumental in doubling Welspun's spinning capacity to over 3,00,000 spindles, thereby fulfilling nearly 70 per cent of the fine and super fine yarn requirements of the company, he said.
This will also help the company strengthen its core competencies of quality and innovations, he said. The company will invest into modernisation and expansion of its towel manufacturing capacity at Vapi unit in Gujarat.
The Rs 2,500-crore expansion will be funded through internal accruals and debt. While Rs 700 crore would be contributed from the company's side, the remaining will be raised through borrowings, Goenka added.
Currently, export contributes almost 97 per cent of Welspun's total textile revenue of over Rs 6,000 crore. Its export markets are US, Europe, Japan and Australia, among others.
Earlier, inaugurating the 1,70,000 spindles capacity facility at Anjar, Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel said the unit will in a big way help in providing job opportunities.
The state government will consider the industry's demand to set up mega textile parks to boost growth of the key sector, she added.
Union Minister of State for Textiles Santosh Kumar Gangwar said the sector has huge growth potential in India.
He suggested linking the textile sector to the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme ( MGNREGA ).
"My Ministry has recommended to the Prime Minister to introduce MNREGA scheme for textile industry, which is the second largest employment generator," Gangwar said.
The Welspun project reflects the ethos of the state government's recent 'farm-factory-fabric-fashion-foreign' textile policy, said Gujarat Finance Minister Saurabh Patel , who was also present on the occasion.
"The Anjar unit (in Kutch district) is a major milestone that represents our long-term commitment to the Indian economy and the Government's `Make In India' vision," said Goenka.
"This expansion comes as a major vote of confidence to Gujarat as it will generate employment opportunities and further propel the state government's vision of posting robust economic growth in years to come," Patel said.
"The unit will generate employment for 3,000 people," she added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government rules out bail-out measure for cash-strapped budget carrier SpiceJet(The Civil Aviation Minister…)
NEW DELHI: Government today ruled out any bail-out measure to cash-strapped budget carrier SpiceJet.
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju also justfied the actions taken by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation against the airline including withdrawal of its unused slots for flight operations.
"I don't think the government can afford to take on such loans onto itself," Raju told a news channel responding to a question whether the government will extend any guarantee as far as the beleaguered airline's debts are concerned.
The Minister, however, expressed the hope that SpiceJet will come out of the current financial crisis.
"We hope not. We hope they (SpiceJet) will be able to fly out of the financial turbulence which they are going through," he said when asked whether the airline was going the grounded Kingfisher Airlines way.
Raju also said the Directorate General of Civil Aviation has done its job by withdrawing the airlines' unused slots and passing other directions to SpiceJet.
Concerned over the deteriorating financial health of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA had yesterday withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
The airline had, however, in a statement yesterday, said surrendering the unused slots to an airport operators was a routine practice and it had already paid November salaries to almost 85 per cent of the employees two days ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Entire country to have 24x7 power supply by...Coal India
("Come 2019, just like Gujarat…)
NEW DELHI: The country will have 24X7 supply of power throughout its length and breadth by 2019 on the line of Gujarat, MP and Chhattisgarh, Power Minister Piyush Goyal today assured.
"Come 2019, just like Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, the whole of India will get benefits of 24X7 power," Goyal said at the ET Now India Economic Conclave .
He further added that getting stranded and stressed assets back on stream was the government's motto. The government was also focussing on renewable sources of energy to address power sector issues.
Goyal said that the issue regarding the 1200 MW Teesta hydro power project which had been stranded for some time has been resolved and the same would be finished soon.
"I am happy to tell friends here that Teesta which is a project of strategic importance in Sikkim with 1200 MW of hydropower has got resolved in one and a half meeting. . . Very soon we will get it into finishing," he said.
Listing the government's plans of augmenting Coal India's production to a billion tonnes in five years and addressing the sector woes through e-auction of mines, Goyal said that the government's aim was to stop coal imports.
The government was also looking at major amendments in policy framework in the tariff and electricity act and also working on a new renewable energy policy, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

After 9 yrs  spacecraft bound for Pluto wake...Pluto-bound NASA's spacecraft New Horizons to be woken from hibernation to start mission
By Reuters | 7 Dec, 2014, 01.06AM IST
0
Share More
This artist's concept obtained December 1, 2014 courtesy of NASA/Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory/Southwest Research Institute (JHUAPL/SwRI), shows the New Horizons spacecraft as it approaches Pluto and its three moons in summer 2015. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CAPE CANAVERAL: After nine years and a journey of 3 billion miles (4.8 billion km), NASA's New Horizons robotic probe will be woken from hibernation to begin its unprecedented mission: the study of the icy dwarf planet Pluto and its home, the Kuiper Belt.
A pre-set alarm clock is due to rouse New Horizons from its electronic slumber at 3 p.m. EST (2000 GMT) on Saturday.
The scientific observation of Pluto, its entourage of moons and other bodies in the solar system's frozen backyard begins Jan. 15, program managers said.
Pluto lies in the Kuiper Belt, a region of icy mini-planets orbiting the sun beyond Neptune. It is the last unexplored region of the solar system.
"It's hard to underestimate the evolution that's taking place in our view of the architecture and content of our solar system as result of the discovery of the Kuiper Belt," lead researcher Alan Stern said.
Confirmation that New Horizons is out of hibernation should come at 9:30 p.m. EST (0230 GMT). The probe will make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14.
Since its discovery in 1930, Pluto has been a mystery, partly because of its comparatively small size. Scientists struggled to explain why a planet with a radius of just 740 miles (1,190 km) could come to exist beyond the giant worlds of Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.
"We wondered why Pluto was a misfit," Stern said.
In 1992, astronomers discovered that Pluto, located about 40 times farther away from the sun than Earth, was not alone in its diminutive size, prompting the International Astronomical Union to reconsider its definition of "planet".
In 2006, with New Horizons already on its way, Pluto was stripped of its title as the ninth planet in the solar system and became a dwarf planet, of which more than 1,000 have since been discovered in the Kuiper Belt.
With New Horizons approaching Pluto's doorstep, scientists are eager for their first close-up look at this unexplored domain.

IITs launch deferred placement programme for...The idea is just two years old across most IITs, but none of them have had instances of students returning for placements.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The likes of Facebook and Oracle have been rolling out crore-plus offers at IIT campuses, but not everyone's biting. Mechanical engineering student Vaibhav Antil, for instance, has caught the start-up bug and is keener to develop his mobile app-based idea around music than work for someone else.
A number of IITs now have a fallback option for graduating students like him. To encourage them to do their own thing, IIT-Bombay has allowed Antil to be part of a deferred placement programme (DPP), which will allow him to return to campus for interviews in the next two years if his business idea doesn't work out.
Engineering physics student Anurag Meena, who's trying to develop a non-invasive drug delivery and diagnosis product with his professor, is also taking the DPP. Last year, only one student at IIT-B opted for deferred placements; this year, this year, 12 have, said placement manager Mohak Mehta.
IIT-Kanpur is offering the opportunity for the first time and six students have already opted for it. IIT-Madras is extending it to even students who wish to do a PhD, said officials.
The prototype of Meena's project with Professor RohitSrivastava is being funded by the Tata Centre for Design at IIT-B. Of the 12 students, five are working on various projects for the Centre for Technology for Alternatives for Rural Areas (C-TARA) at IIT-B. SandhyaSeetharaman is working with C-TARA on a project that would require her to evaluate environmental safeguards in district rural roads plans under the PradhanMantri Gram SadakYojna.
"We tried spreading awareness on campus and sent regular mails to students. We wanted to brand it as a positive 'benefit' being 'awarded' to credible students. Once applications came in, we interviewed the students. Not everyone who applies gets an opportunity," said Mehta of IIT-B.
Amruthkumar Hegde, a mechanical engineering student from IIT-Madras, and his friend Krishna Chaitanya, wanted to try their luck once with the civil services exam before appearing for their placement interviews. "I would like to see if I stand a chance in the all-India test. After a year, the institute will take a call on extension," he said.
Most students are availing of the option even as they hope they don't need it. "I am confident about setting up my own venture by then. But since the chance to defer placement is available, I sought it," said Meena.
The idea is just two years old across most IITs, but none of them have had instances of students returning for placements. Though students at IIT-Roorkee had earlier used the benefits of deferred placements, this year there were no requests, said a senior official.

Object picked from garbage dump explodes  12-yr-oldkilledBy: Express News Service | Dehradun |
Posted: December 7, 2014 3:07 am
DeA 12-year-old boy was killed in an explosion, which took place at DAV Degree College in Roorkee in Hardwar on Saturday afternoon.
As per preliminary investigations, Tushar Diman was coming from Government Inter College when the incident occurred. He reportedly picked up an object from a garbage dump which suddenly exploded. Additional Director General of Police (Law and Order) R S Meena said two other students were also with Tushar.
According to Meena, the two boys confirmed that Tushar had picked up an object. Later, they saw Tushar lying near the spot as they were walking a little ahead, Meena said.
The report about the blast sent the Uttarakhand police into tizzy as the explosion site was located close to the venue of a function, which the VHP had organised on the campus of the college. However, Meena said: “There is no link between the explosion and the VHP function.”
On being contacted, Leader of the Opposition in the state assembly, Ajay Bhatt, said the VHP function was attended by Sangeet Som, BJP MLA from UP. “We want the state government to thoroughly probe the incident,” he said. He blamed the administration for not making adequate security arrangements for the function.

2011 death of NC activist now becomes electionissueWritten by Mir Ehsan , Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar |
Posted: December 7, 2014 3:05 am
The mysterious death of National Conference activist Haji Yousuf soon after leaving the residence of J&K CM Omar Abdullah in 2011 has now become a poll issue.
Yousuf, a senior NC leader from South Kashmir, died in custody after he was handed over to the Crime Branch by Abdullah in September 2011. Yousuf had been accused of taking money from party leaders in exchange for posts. The PDP had blamed Abdullah for the death.
Now, addressing a poll rally in Uri, Abdullah said that Yousuf died in the custody of Raja Ajaz, who was IG Crime at the time and is now contesting on a PDP ticket from Uri. “After coming to know of the murky deals of Yousuf, I handed over him to IG crime. He died in his (Ajaz’s) custody,” Abdullah said. Reacting to the CM’s allegations, Ajaz said: “Haji was subjected to psychological pressure during his three-hour stay at the CM’s residence, which resulted in his death,” he said.
Meanwhile, referring to the CM’s statement, Yousuf’s family sought PM’s intervention and asked him to direct the DGP to register a case against Abdullah and three of his aides. “We believe that he was murdered,” Yousuf’s son Talin Hussain said.

3 000 vehicles to ferry people for ModirallyBy: Express News Service | Srinagar |
Posted: December 7, 2014 3:01 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 3:11 pm
The BJP office in Rajbagh is abuzz with activity as workers are busy making arrangements for Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s rally on Monday, which is seen as a climax of the party’s push in the Valley for the assembly elections.
Altaf Thakur, who handles the party’s media and publicity wing in the Valley, said they have hired 3,000 vehicles to ferry people. While party’s national secretary Tarun Chug is overseeing the arrangements for the rally, RSS national convener Girish Juyal is in charge of mobilising people. Thakur said they are planning to bring people from all the constituencies in the Valley.
“We have been given a target to bring one lakh people,’’ he said. “There are 3,000 vehicles that have been hired to ferry people to the Sher-i-Kashmir stadium.” The party has also set up a “war room” in Pamposh hotel where its spokesperson Khalid Jehangir sits.
Sources said that a large number of people are also being brought in from Jammu to make sure that the stadium is full on Monday. Sources said national general secretaries Ramlal and Ram Madhav, MoS and Party’s Jammu MP Dr Jitender Singh and state vice-presidents Ramesh Arora and G M Mir will share the stage with the PM. The party’s 15 candidates from constituencies that are yet to go to polls will also be present.
J&K Police and various other security agencies have made an unprecedented security arrangement for the PM’s maiden rally here. Sources said that 50 companies of police and CRPF have been deployed in the city and 30 mobile checkpoints have also been established to check for militants who may try to sneak in. A three-tier security ring will encircle the stadium, sources said, adding that 14 SPs and 19 DSPs will monitor the security arrangements. The stadium has been scanned for landmines and IEDs several times already and the venue is completely out of bounds for civilians. The exact plans as to how Modi will reach the venue is unknown with BJP sources saying the tentative time given to them for his arrival is 12.30 pm.
A three-tier security ring will encircle the stadium, sources said, adding that 14 SPs and 19 DSPs will monitor the security arrangements. The stadium has been scanned for landmines and IEDs several times already and the venue is completely out of bounds for civilians. The exact plans as to how Modi will reach the venue is unknown with BJP sources saying the tentative time given to them for his arrival is 12.30 pm.

In queue to salute Justice Iyer: A mother  her badge  a son injailWritten by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:23 am
On Friday, among the thousands who had lined up in Kochi to pay their last respects to legendary jurist Justice V R Krishna Iyer was a 67-year-old woman from Vellore in neighbouring Tamil Nadu. She had a badge pinned on her saree with this slogan — ‘Say No To Death Penalty’.
Very few would know G Arputhammal without this description —mother of A G Perarivalan, alias Arivu, the 43-year-old who is serving a life term at the Vellore Central Prison in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case.
“Even before his father, Justice Iyer was the first person Arivu wanted to meet if he ever came out of prison,” Arputhammal told The Sunday Express.
“Once in 10 days, he is allowed to use the telephone for 10 minutes from prison. He called Justice Iyer on November 12 and they spoke for about four minutes. He wished my son the best of luck and asked him to continue his reading, studies and legal fight. He also told Arivu that he would definitely be released. Arivu must be shattered on hearing the news of the death.”
That was the last time Perarivalan spoke to Justice Iyer, who had celebrated his 100th year just three days after that, added Arputhammal, who is now a leading activist against capital punishment and who heads People’s Movement Against Death Penalty (PMADP), an initiative founded by the jurist.
Recalling the beginning of her son’s association with Justice Iyer, Arputhammal said, “After reading an article written by Justice Iyer about the abolition of death penalty, Arivu asked me to meet him with the manuscript of a book that he had written in jail. The book (an autobiography) analysed his own case files and documents, and he said he had found major flaws in the trial and verdict. After reading the manuscript, Justice Iyer asked me to take up the legal fight until we get justice.”
Justice Iyer also wrote the foreword for An Appeal from the Death Row, the autobiography of Perarivalan, who was then a death convict, that was published in 2006. Quoting Mahatma Gandhi, Justice Iyer wrote: “Life is dear and given by God. Man has no right to take it away.”
Perarivalan was sentenced to death during the assassination trial after he allegedly confessed that he purchased two 9v battery cells and gave them to the mastermind Sivarasan, and that they were used in the bomb that killed the former PM.
According to Arputhammal, Justice Iyer had been hopeful about her son’s case after V. Thiagarajan, who was the then CBI SP who recorded the statement of the accused in the case, said in a PMADP documentary  released last year that he did not record the fact that Perarivalan had told him that he did not know why he was asked to buy the battery cells. She added that her son was 19 at the time of his arrest, and was studying for a diploma in electronics.

A grieving father asks: Why is the govt letting themdieWritten by Ashwani Sharma | Dharamsala |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:21 am
The body of Subash Chand was brought back to Parhna da Bassa, a remote village in Chamba district of Himachal Pradesh, on Saturday. Chand always dreamed of following the footsteps of his father, who was in the Army.
On Sunday, the father, Piar Singh, was inconsolable, as was the rest of the village. Chand, who was in the Punjab regiment, was one of the soldiers killed in the militant attack in Kashmir. “The last conversation we had over phone was on December 4 evening. It was brief but he sounded okay — perhaps unaware of what was to come. The saddest part is that the situation in Kashmir is still the same. Nothing has changed there. There’s no light at the end of the tunnel,” Singh said.
Blaming the Centre for the incident, he said, “I don’t understand why the government is allowing brave jawans to die like this.”
Chand was 18 when he joined the Army in 1993. He served in various stations, including Samba near Jammu, and West Bengal. For the past two years, he had been posted in Kashmir after receiving special training in anti-militant operations. Local MLA Vikram Singh Jaryal said he knows Chand’s father well. “I can understand the loss to the family and the nation. This boy had struggled hard to get initial education when his father was in the Army,” he said.
Deputy Commissioner, Chamba, M Sudha Devi said the cremation will be held on Sunday.

Village feared worst for soldier who should have beenhomeWritten by Raakhi Jagga | Bathinda |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:17 am
As TV channels began streaming news of the Uri attack, Such Ballianwali village in Punjab’s Bathinda district began fearing the worst for one of its own — Lance Naik Sukhwinder Singh (31). For his family, the sense of impending doom was not without reason. A while before the news broke, the soldier’s father, Harnek Singh, had received a call from the Army for details of his son.
By 9 pm on Friday, the villagers’ worst fears were confirmed: Sukhwinder Singh was among the eight Armymen  killed in the militant attack. “We got a call from his unit and they wanted details about Sukhwinder, as if they were confirming if they were calling the right man’s family. They did not tell us anything else. But we saw news… So we all had started preparing for bad news,” said Harnek Singh.
The family’s pain is compounded by the fact that Sukhwinder, who joined the Army 11 years ago, had applied for leave this month, to attend a wedding, but then postponed it as he wanted to attend another marriage next year and was also hopeful of being transferred closer home.

At Least 24 Go Blind Following Free Surgeries In IndiaAt Least 24 Poor, Elderly Patients Go Blind After Free Cataract Surgeries In India
 |  By                                                                      CHONCHUI NGASHANGVA
reddit
NEW DELHI (AP) — Authorities ordered an investigation Friday after at least 24 poor and elderly people went blind following cataract surgeries performed at a free medical camp run by a charity in northern India.
The operations were performed in early November on 130 patients who were all older than 50 and living in either Amritsar or nearby Gurdaspur, in Punjab state, said Abhinav Trikha, a top official in Gurdaspur.
Some of the patients reported this week that they'd lost their eyesight or were suffering infections, top Amritsar official Ravi Bhagat said.
Doctors in Amritsar were treating some of the patients on Friday, but said it was unlikely any would regain their sight. Police have launched an investigation, and detained at least one doctor in Gurdaspur.
Every year, thousands of people, especially in rural areas without proper health facilities, undergo cataract operations in medical camps held by health authorities and welfare groups.
The case once again highlighted the perilous state of health care in India, where hundreds of millions of poor people without access to doctors or health insurance are forced to seek treatment at medical camps because of poor services and corruption at government hospitals.
Last month, 13 women died after allegedly taking tainted drugs after undergoing simple sterilization surgeries in the central state of Chhattisgarh.
More:

How To Focus When There Seems To Be A Million Things On Your PlateThis post originally appeared on BrandMentalist.com
Are you feeling overwhelmed with all the work that you've got to do?
There seems to be a million different things that need to be done. We feel overwhelmed and out of control because we don't know where to start. Should I start with project A? What about project B and C that need to be done as well?
We all know that focus is incredibly important to productivity. But it's almost impossible to be working on just one thing and one task in a given month or week or even just day.
From being a student to a professional working in the corporate world or a freelancer, you will find that there's no difference in juggling tasks. Some of us are better than others. As a scatterbrain, I suffer even more.
Here's what I've learned from the past twenty years in how to reshape my focus when working on several things at once.
1. Create a to-do list
Create a list of everything that you need to do -- both major and minor tasks -- and the time required to finish each task.
Type or write it all down on a Google Doc, on your phone's Note app, on a white board, or on a notepad.
2. Prioritize tasks
After writing it all down, you might feel a little less overwhelmed as you feel more in control of what needs to get done.
Now you need to reassess what to focus on -- where to pay most attention to and pour your energy towards.
This can be complicated when you feel like everything requires the same amount of attention and energy, everything needs to be done at the same time -- and then you just panic.
Use this matrix below to help you prioritise tasks.
Urgency:
What is the deadline for each task?
Which one needs to be finished first?
Importance:
How important is the task? What would happen if the task is not done in time?
What is the effect that the task will have on the other or consequential tasks?
Is there any other thing that relies on this task to be done first? Is it absolutely crucial for you to do because otherwise the other tasks can't be done?
If the task is left unfinished, uncompleted, incomplete, or done poorly, how is it going to affect you and what's the cost of that?
What is the opportunity cost? If you spend your time on A and not B, what will it cost you? What will you miss out on?
Can you assign someone else to do the task for you?
After evaluating all the tasks based on these factors, you will know what to prioritise -- what task you should do first, what you should do right after, what you should reschedule, what you should delegate, and what you may cut out completely if possible.
3. Schedule and allocate time for each task
This is what I did best when I was a student. Because I was able to effectively and efficiently allocate time, I finished all my studies and did really well in the exams. My close friends even relied on me to help with scheduling. So why not bring this childhood trick and skill into adulthood right?
Grab a calendar, either on your phone or a notepad, and start allocating time throughout the day. I plan my schedule week by week. Sometimes two weeks at a time. I normally do this on Sunday so I can fully focus and get right into it from Monday through to Friday.
This is what my calendar normally looks like.
8 -9 : Write a blog post
9 - 10 : Meeting with Mr. B
10 - 12 : Work on Task A
12 - 1 : Lunch break
1 -3 : Work on Task E
3 -4 : Gym
4 -6 : Work on Task D
6- 6.30 : Finalise and send off Task D to client
Make sure you stick to your schedule.
If you've spent too much time on one task or got distracted at one point and it affects the rest of your schedule and plan, re-schedule and move everything back a few hours as required.
There's no need to stress. Just go to bed late for a couple of nights and you'll catch up on work.
4. Get in the zone
Disconnect and go offline
When working on a task that doesn't require an internet connection, go offline. Social media, email pop-ups, and SMS can distract you more than you may think. You eyes will keep wandering off every ten minutes. Pretty photos, interesting articles, text messages from your partner, emails from unhappy clients -- all these can affect your mood and emotions which affect your ability to focus.
Find your sanctuary
If you don't have a fixed desk at an office, find a cafe or a place where you can go to for a few hours and really focus without any distraction or interruption -- if could be a cafe, a library, or a corner in your house.
Block out noise
Some people can work with music in the background. But for me it's best to be in a quiet place where I don't hear the lyrics repeating itself in my head or overhear the conversation of the people sitting in the vicinity. I use noise-cancelling in-ear headphones to block out noise and distraction. Even in a library, sometimes people talk and it's very annoying and distracting!
5. Optimize your time
There are a lot of inevitable activities that waste your time in your daily life -- from commuting, to running errands, and everyday routines.
Time is a limited resource so I try to optimise my time as much as possible and make use of the inevitable wasted time.
Commute time
We have to commute -- everyday -- either by bus, train, or foot. I find commute time to be one of the best to focus because no one is trying to talk to me and I can't do anything else but to do some work.
Use the morning commute time to read the news or websites related to your industry for inspiration and knowledge.
Smart phones and light laptops now make it easy for us to do work on the go. I always find myself reading work-related stuff while waiting for the train or the bus, getting my laptop out to do work when on a 30-minute train ride, and writing things down while power walking home from work.
Waiting time
Waiting time is annoying but inevitable -- from waiting for the bus or the train, to waiting for coffee or food, waiting for a friend or a colleague who's late, being stuck in traffic, and queueing at the bank or the post office. It is usually short (5-15 minutes) and not long enough to let you do work that requires a lot of focus and a long thinking process.
I use this period to do a little brainstorming or research. Just take out my phone and reply some emails and do some reading and browsing -- whether it be on websites, Flipboard, Linkedin, Twitter, or Facebook. Sometimes I use this period to reschedule or plan my day/week and think about the little things that I need to do  -- the little tasks I need to add to my to-do list and my calendar, the things I need to buy, and people I need to call or email.
Believe it or not but I usually find that my best creative work gets inspired on the spur of the moment during my commuting or waiting time.
6. Keep track of each task
Once you've allocated time for each task, make sure you stick to it and that each task is on schedule. If one is left undone, re-arrange your schedule again and make sure you catch up on it as soon as possible to avoid procrastination or postponing.
7. Reap a habit
Finally, it might sound quite easy to do but incredibly hard to follow through. Starting a new habit is hard but repeatedly you will reap a habit. Over and over you will be able to prioritise your tasks, focus, and maximise your productivity without feeling confused, burnt out, or tortured.
The mind has a memory and it subconsciously recognises patterns. Only if you understand The trick to manipulate your own mind , you'll realize that it's not hard to do or achieve anything that you set your mind to.
----
Mo is the owner of the famous inspirational blog - BrandMentalist.com . She also runs an online store selling inspirational quote posters on BrandMentalistCollection.com.
Follow her on Twitter @BrandMentalist and Instagram @BrandMentalist.
Sign up HERE to follow Mo's posts via email.
Follow Mo Seetubtim on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brandmentalist
More:

Is Slow Site Speed the Reason Ecommerce Holiday Sales Are Downreddit
The most recent Black Friday stats are in , and they've hit a staggering nearly $7 billion less than last year - in both brick and mortar and online retailers. That's a drop of 11 percent.
Consumers have shorter and shorter attention spans, especially with the rise of fast mobile internet connections. They're used to finding what they need instantly and eschewing any product or service that doesn't fit the bill. If your store, whether it's a brick and mortar or online establishment, isn't attracting customers, it's time to take a serious look at your strategy.
For businesses with ecommerce sites, nothing is more important than developing a simple and effective online shopping experience for customers - especially during the holiday season. Despite this, many businesses still seem to take a half-hearted approach to designing and operating their online storefronts. One of the worst ways this plays out is with a slow site held back by long load times.
Does Speed Really Matter?
The problem for many businesses is that they are blinded by their own affinity toward their brand or company. In essence, they assume the average customer will put up with shortcomings to receive the end benefit. This, however, is very rarely true. In fact, the average customer is always subconsciously looking for a reason not to purchase from you; lack of trust, professionalism, or other shortcomings easily lead to lost sales when there are so many capable competitors.
Infrastructure matters for Black Friday, too RT @rickperret : SLOW ecommerce equals lost sales http://t.co/BybklAnYAL #infrastructurematters
— IBM SmarterComputing (@IBMSmrtrCmptng) December 1, 2014
When it comes to ecommerce sites, business owners need to deliver an experience that's not only smooth, but quick. While the internet as a whole has become faster over the past few years, research shows that ecommerce sites have actually  slowed down by 14 percent (to an average load time of 8.56 seconds). Combine that surprising number with the alarming fact that businesses lose one-quarter of online visitors if a site takes more than four seconds to load, and many online-storefront-based companies are left in challenging situations.
What's Slowing Down My Site?
If sales are trending lower than you expected, it's important to start by identifying the underlying cause(s), which will allow you to implement a targeted strategy to effectively alleviate the symptoms. Start by checking your site speed using a tool like Pingdom's website speed test . If your load time is more than about 3 seconds, it's probably causing a decrease in sales. Here are some of the most common causes of slow e-commerce load times:
Failure to leverage available technology. According to the article " 7 Ways to Speed Up Your Website ", one of the ways to speed up your site is to make use of CDNs. "Content delivery networks ... are vast networks of servers that are housed around the world. When you store website content like images using these services, rather than storing them locally on your hosting account, you enable the CDN to serve up your information from the server that's closest to your website visitor. The result? Faster load times that will make your customers and the search engines happy."
Wrong CMS. It's also possible that you're using the wrong content management system (CMS) for your site. Some are built exclusively for web-publishing purposes, others for ecommerce, and others for a combination of the two.
The solution: Understand which CMSs are built for which purposes. For example, WordPress is ideal for blogging, Magento for ecommerce, Morweb for non-profits, and Drupal for general purpose.  However, WordPress and Drupal both have plugins and add-ons that can provide ecommerce capabilities. Just be sure you're aware of the intended use of your CMS.
HTTP request overload. If browsers are required to retrieve too many HTTP files - indicating they're all stored separately - site load times will increase exponentially. As a result, you need to reduce the number of HTTP requests between your server, site, and browser.
The solution: Use CSS Sprites to bundle images and files together. This is especially useful when using "buttons" or icons containing the same image, which will change based on how the user interacts or clicks. Instead of the browser retrieving two files from your server, it's only necessary to find the single, bundled package.
Excessive 404 errors. A site's 404 errors can best be described as dead end streets. They are pages on your site that add additional load times but lead nowhere. Unfortunately, many sites have hidden 404 pages they don't even know exist.
The solution: Using Google Analytics, you can track and locate these 404 error pages and check the URL structure. This allows you to solve the annoying "Not Found" errors and significantly increase site speed.
Optimize images. Image files are bulky, and too many visuals can slow down your ecommerce site's load time. While you don't want to reduce the quality of your images, you do need to find a way to increase the page loading speed.The solution: Optimizing images usually takes some trial and error. Work with an image editing software to reduce the file size while retaining the quality of the pixels. If you have any unnecessary or duplicate images on your site, remove them. Simplicity is usually best.
Conclusion
The biggest problem with site speed is that webpages are, in general, getting bigger. In 2013, the median ecommerce page contained approximately 93 resources. That jumped to 99 in 2014. In 2013, the median page contained 1,094 kilobytes, which jumped to 1,436 in 2014, equating to more than a 30 percent increase in page size.
Unless you run a major ecommerce site with a loyal following, slow load times will drastically hurt your conversion rates . By understanding which factors affect your site's speed and how to improve problem areas, you'll be better suited not just for sales success during the holiday season, but also for sustained success in the long-term.
Follow Andre Bourque on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SocialMktgFella
More:

Youngsters to battle for Ranji TrophyTweet
0
Sanju Samson.IPL wonder boys — Sanju Samson has already set the template of how to achieve concurrent success in T20s and the longer format. His first-class average has got better year on year and so has his stature within the Rajasthan Royals set-up. Manan Vohra made an impression with his outrageous strokeplay in the IPL this season and now needs to replicate the success in the Ranji Trophy.
The same is true for his Kings XI Punjab teammate Akshar Patel, who leaped into national reckoning on the back of a strong IPL season. But with India's Test spin-bowling unit in need of some reinforcements, the selectors would want to keep an eye on how he develops in the longer format.
Boys who would be men — The Under-19 route gives players much-needed early visibility in a crowded talent space. No wonder some of the players choose to stay stuck in the teens. The 2014 Under-19 World Cup was not a fruitful campaign for India but it did throw up some exciting names. Kuldeep Yadav earned an IPL contract and a place in the India squad as well, but his real examination will start now.
Vijay Zol was Kuldeep's captain in that U-19 team and his case is a little different. Zol had a solid Ranji season last year - he scored an unbeaten 91 to oust Mumbai in the quarter-final - but was lost in the shadows of Chris Gayle and AB de Villiers in the limited IPL exposure he received. This year will be his chance to push a little bit more for a national call-up.
Two more players from that U-19 squad will look to make an impression. Shreyas Iyer hit two half-centuries and an unbeaten hundred for Mumbai in the Vijay Hazare Trophy to break into the Ranji squad, while Deepak Hooda earned a promotion to the Baroda Ranji side on the back of solid all-round performances in the same tournament.
On stage two — Karnataka are deriving their strength not only from a group of experienced seniors who are all less than 30, but also from a steady stream of new talent. KL Rahul is already in Australia with the India Test squad and Karun Nair is not too far behind. Nair averages more than 50 in both first-class and List A cricket and he will want to let the brand grow with similar performances this season.
Another Karnataka player looking for a step-up is legspinner Shreyas Gopal. A bowler in the Anil Kumble mould, Gopal ran through Maharashtra in last year's Ranji Trophy final. He was regularly among the wickets in his appearances for Mumbai Indians in the IPL.
Baba Aparajith has been around for three years even though he is still only 20. But he is showing signs of growth. Along with his serious batting ability, the value he brings as an offspinner adds to his worth.
Wild Cards — Cheepurapalli Stephen, the left-arm seamer from Andhra, is lanky and skiddy. His 11 wickets in the Vijay Hazare Trophy earned him a place in the South Zone squad for the Deodhar Trophy.
Delhi's 18-year-old batsman Himmat Singh has been prolific at the state Under-19 level.
Jharkhand's 16-year-old left-hander Virat Singh scored a half-century against West Zone in the Deodhar semi-final.
Rajasthan's 18-year-old Aditya Garhwal rose to prominence with scores of 263 and 196 in one-day games at the state Under-19 level.
Tamil Nadu's 19-year-old Shahrukh Khan is a right-hand batsman and offspinner. He could yet prove to be more than just a famous name.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Robberies that will leave you scratching you...Few robberies that will leave you scratching your head
7 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Although the mystery of 100 pickled brains missing from University of Texas, Austin, has been solved, here are a few robberies that will leave you scratching your head:
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
'Dirk' the Dolphin: Three young drunk Brits broke into SeaWorld on the Gold Coast in Australia in 2012, swam with dolphins in the aquarium and walked away with one of the penguins only to discover their 'loot' in their apartment after the hangover was over. They were prosecuted for their prank
Strange Alibi: A Belgium news agency reported that a man suspected of robbing a jewellery store said he couldn't have done it because he was busy breaking into a school at the same time. Police then arrested him for breaking into the school.
Blown Cover: A man went into a drug store in Baltimore, pulled a gun, announced a robbery, and pulled a face mask over his head. He then realised that he'd forgotten to cut eyeholes in the mask. He was arrested by security men
Role Reversal: A Russian robber broke into the salon of hairdresser, who held the robber captive for two days as her personal sex slave. Later, the woman was convicted of rape and the man of robbery
Ashes to Ashes: After Kurt Cobain's death, his wife, Courtney Love, kept his ashes in a closet at her home. In June 2008, they were stolen. Later, a German artist claimed she stole them, mixed them with marijuana, and planned to smoke the whole thing as part of an art installation entitled 'Set Me Free.
(Source: Various websites)

Why Spectre is making headlinesWhy Spectre is making headlines
By ET Bureau | 7 Dec, 2014, 03.45AM IST
0
Share More
In true Bond style, cutting to the chase, I see. Lea Seydoux and Monica Bellucci.
ET SPECIAL:
Yep. The title of the new James Bond movie.
WHO ARE THE NEW BOND GIRLS?
In true Bond style, cutting to the chase, I see. Lea Seydoux and Monica Bellucci .
BELLUCCI I KNOW. BUT WHO'S THIS SEYDOUX?
Bet you do. Seydoux's a French actress, who has appeared in Ridley Scott's Robin Hood and Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris.
OOH. CAN'T WAIT TO SEE IT.
You will have to wait until November 6, 2015.
WHAT ABOUT THE REST OF THE CAST?
Trivial matters now, I guess. Daniel Craig will play Bond for the fourth time. Christoph Waltz is likely to play villain.
SPECTRE IS THAT SHADY, EVIL ORGANISATION, RIGHT?
Correct. The plot is essentially Bond trying to uncover it — Waltz could possibly revive the character of Blofeld — and M battling political forces to keep the secret service alive.
I'LL MISS JUDI DENCH AS M.
Agree. But this one too is gonna be great given that Sam Mendes is again in the director's chair.
NICE. SKYFALL WAS SUCH A DELIGHT.
Especially after that dud Quantum of Solace. Made the Dhoom franchise bearable.
WHAT ABOUT BOND'S GADGETS?
The new Q is not really a sucker for hitech stuff. But Bond's car is a new Aston Martin , the DB10.
BET THE USUAL PROMOTIONAL PARTNERS ARE ALL RETURNING.
Yep. Besides Aston Martin, there are Bollinger , Heineken , Jaguar Land Rover , Omega , Sony Electronics and Sony Mobile.
HURRAH. THERE'S AT LEAST ONE INDIAN CONNECTION — JLR.
Bet you'd have preferred an Indian Bond girl.
HEY, SOME THINGS ARE BEST NOT SHAKEN, NOT STIRRED.
Again, spoken like a true Bond fan.

PM Modis model village scheme hits Opp blockWritten by Manoj C G | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:54 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 1:28 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ambitious village adoption scheme for MPs — the Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana (SAGY) — could run into rough weather as several Opposition Lok Sabha members have expressed reservations about using their MPLADS funds for the scheme.
It is learnt that M Thambidurai, chairman of the committee on MPLADS, is set to convene a meeting of all MPs as early as next week to discuss this issue as well as the demand for increasing the MPLADS fund from the current Rs 5 crore.
Thambidurai told The Sunday Express that the government would have to provide funds for the scheme. While the government has not allocated separate funds for the programme, it envisages use of resources of existing centrally sponsored and state schemes like the Indira Awas Yojana and Pradhan Mantri Gramin Sadak Yojana, and funds available with the gram panchayats.
The MPs will have to “mobilise additional resources to the extent possible, particularly from CSR (corporate social responsibility) and philanthropies” and “fill up critical gaps in the plan using MPLADS funds”, say the guidelines. But several Lok Sabha members said they could not “exhaust” their MPLADS funds for just one village, depriving the people in the rest of their constituency.
Thambidurai said the idea of MPs raising funds from “CSR and philanthropies” was unworkable.
“I spoke with the MPLADS committee. Let the government programmes — whatever they have in the different ministries… let each ministry give some funds for the model village, not just the MPLADS. I am going to  insist on this. The Rural Development Ministry is in charge for that. I have also told the chairman of the standing committee on rural development to raise this issue with the ministry,” said Thambidurai.
He said MPLADS can also be used to fund the scheme, but it has to be the choice of the MP. As it is, many MPs are of the view that the MPLADS fund of Rs 5 crore per year is inadequate.
“In Kerala, each MLA gets Rs 6 crore — Rs 1 crore as MLA fund and Rs 5 crore as constituency asset development fund. In my view, this model can be adopted for the Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana. I have suggested this to the chairman of the MPLADS committee,” said CPI(M) MP from Palakkad M B Rajesh.
Meanwhile, the NDA government has already asked MPs to contribute their MPLADS funds for Modi’s other projects.
# The Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation wrote to all MPs on August 11— the letter was sent by then minister Nitin Gadkari — asking for allocation of MPLADS funds for constructing individual household latrines, school and anganwadi toilets, community sanitary complexes and for solid liquid waste management projects under the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyaan.
# HRD Minister Smriti Irani sent a letter to MPs on October 14 asking them to pitch in to achieve Modi’s goal of providing separate toilets for girls in schools. “I ask you to contribute to this programme by providing MPLADS funds for the construction of toilets in schools,” she wrote.
The average cost, she said, ranged from Rs 1.3 lakh for one toilet block in elementary schools to Rs 2.7 lakh for a toilet block in secondary schools, with an additional Rs 80,000 per toilet block for water supply.
* Three days later, then Rural Development Minister Nitin Gadkari asked MPs to identify a village in their constituencies under the SAGY.
“It is strange that the Prime Minister is giving slogans and asking the MPs to contribute from their MPLADS funds. And he will want to take the credit,” said Rajesh.
“As an MP we have two to three districts under us, covering anywhere between 350 to 400 villages. Our aim is to make every village an ideal village. I do not understand the aim to make one village a model village, shouldn’t they have provided some extra funds… I want to make a model district. why should I restrict myself to one village,” said Congress MP from Kaliabor, Gaurav Gogoi.

Jethmalani Jrs waiver to Gujarat: Rs 7.5 lakh fee to fight TeestaWritten by Satish Jha | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:50 am
The Gujarat Government had offered Rs 7.5 lakh per appearance to senior lawyer Mahesh Jethmalani, son former law minister Ram Jethmalani, as special public prosecutor in the Gujarat HC to oppose the anticipatory bail application of Mumbai-based activist Teesta Setalvad, her husband Javed Anand and three others, who are booked allegedly for siphoning off funds meant for the 2002 riots victims. Jethmalani is learnt to have refused the fee and volunteered to assist the state.
In a letter dated December 4, accessed by this newspaper, Jethmalani, has informed the principal secretary, home department “…I wish to inform you that I waive my appearance fee in the matter as also clerical charges of 10% on the total bill amount as also conference/drafting charges as per government norms…” However, he has asked the government to take care of his travelling and accommodation expenses. On November 13, the state legal department passed a resolution, stating that Jethmalani Junior will be given Rs 7.50 lakh per appearance.  In January, the DCB, Ahmedabad, had registered an FIR against Setalvad and others for allegedly usurping Rs 1.51 crore meant for converting Gulberg Society into a riots museum, a project which was not materialised.

Threatening a Dec 16  Uber cabbie sexually assaults woman: PoliceWritten by Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:48 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:43 pm
A day after he allegedly beat up and raped a 27-year-old woman who had hired his vehicle, police Sunday evening arrested Uber driver Shiv Kumar Yadav from a remote village in Mathura.
Earlier in the day, police issued a notice to the managing director of Uber services under Section 161 of the CrPC to join the investigation and explain the security lapses. The company will be held liable for negligence, officials said.
Confirming Yadav’s arrest, Deputy Commissioner of Police, North Delhi, Madhur Verma said, “He had locked himself up in a small room in Anand Van, a village in Mathura 2 km from Chanderpuri Mohalla, his residence. More than 12 teams had been working to apprehend him for the past 24 hours and one of the teams finally traced Yadav with the help of local intelligence on Sunday evening. He will be brought to Delhi and produced in court.”
According to sources, soon after allegedly raping the woman and dropping her home in North Delhi, Yadav had fled to Chanderpuri Mohalla. After the news about the rape broke, the 32-year-old reportedly told his wife they would have to leave Mathura.
The 27-year-old alleged victim, who works in a finance company in Gurgaon, had approached the police early Saturday morning.
“We raided his house where he stayed with his wife and two daughters and a son, but he had fled by then. His family was questioned about his whereabouts but they did not reveal anything. We were then told he was hiding in a gurdwara in the village. Several places were raided, several leads were collected but we could not reach him,” police said.
It was only Sunday evening, after police had announced a reward of Rs 1 lakh for anyone giving any information on Yadav’s whereabouts, that a person approached them with a tip-off, said ACP, Kotwali, Devesh Kumar and ACP, Operations, Subhash Tandon.
“The informer told us that Yadav was hiding in Anand Van. A team immediately left for the location. Yadav saw us and started running. He entered a house and locked it from inside, and started throwing things around to stop us. Police however broke open the door and apprehended him around 7 pm,” a source said.
After apprehending the driver, the team took his photograph and sent it to senior officers so that they could match it with the photograph of Yadav they had.
No verification, no GPS: Police
According to Madhur Verma, DCP (North), the driver and the vehicle involved in the incident were part of Uber’s newly-launched low-cost cab-booking service. Police have listed some norms and guidelines that may have been flouted:
# The driver did not undergo the mandatory police verification, and a background check was not conducted by the company.
# He did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority, which is recommended for those engaged in driving cabs in the capital.
# Instead of a mandatory GPS system, the only link with the driver was an application that he had downloaded on the phone he was using.
“Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we will go for legal recourse,” said DCP (North) Verma, saying police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case.
Uber has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States, and has apologised for comments by an executive who suggested “digging up dirt” on journalists investigating the firm.
That has not stopped the San Francisco-based firm from raising investment that values it at $40 billion, reflecting the perceived potential of its expansion into high-growth markets like India.
Uber said in a statement on Sunday that it had suspended the driver following the allegations, in line with company policy, and have provided the authorities with “all relevant details,” such as driver, vehicle and trip information.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokeswoman.
(With inputs from Agencies)

After rice  milk  Cong freebie in Karnataka: dentures for BPLWritten by Johnson T A | Bangalore |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:43 am
Like the BJP’s Swacch Bharat campaign, the Congress government in Karnataka has launched its own good hygiene programme —  but this one  focuses exclusively on personal oral health.
As part of the proposed new oral health policy, Chief Minister Siddaramaiah on Saturday launched a scheme called Dantha Bhagya to distribute free dentures to those below poverty line who are more than 60 years old and have lost their teeth.
The scheme, with a Rs 2 crore outlay, was first announced in the state budget in July this year. Siddaramaiah said the government was looking at distributing 37,000 dentures to senior citizens by the end of this current financial year.
The free dentures scheme is the latest in a slew of populist measures undertaken by the Siddaramaiah-led Congress government in Karnataka since it came to power in May 2013.
In the last 18 months, the Karnataka government has rolled out several big ticket doles, adding up to about Rs 4409 crore — including 30 kilograms of rice for Re 1 under a scheme called Anna Bhagya, free milk for schoolchildren under Ksheera Bhagya, and waiver of farm loans. “Many people, especially in the rural areas, don’t know how to look after their teeth.
Even if they use toothbrushes, they don’t know the correct usage. Healthy mouths and teeth are the key to overall good health,’’ said Siddaramaiah, explaining the rationale behind the state government’s move to introduce the first ever oral health policy in the country.
“Chewing food well is important for good digestion. We are providing dentures to the elderly poor to enable them to stay healthy by eating well. When you don’t have teeth you also don’t look good. With these dentures the elderly can start looking good again,’’ he said. The Chief Minister also announced a scheme to provide Rs 100 each to health workers, for every free denture given to an elderly person.
State health minister U T Khader said a comprehensive oral health policy would be put in place soon, with dentists being recruited and equipment being bought for all government hospitals as part of a major push for improving oral hygiene. Dr Ganesh Pai, head of the committee that is formulating the oral health policy, said a campaign would be carried out for frequent dental check-ups, for children in schools to wash their mouths after meals, for pregnant women to understand that oral health is important, and to highlight links between hygiene and oral cancer.
The government on Saturday also announced the launch of free dialysis centres in 30 taluk hospitals in the state as part of an assurance made by Siddaramaiah in his budget this year.

Give jawans free hand with terroristsWritten by Navjeevan Gopal | Awan (gurdaspur) |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:38 am
Anger and sadness writ large on his face, Sukhdev Singh, the uncle of gunner Manpreet Singh, feels that India should adopt a tougher stance against Pakistan to foil terrorist attacks.
“There will not be as many casualties if India goes for a direct war with Pakistan,” said Sukhdev Singh, who retired from the Army in 2000 after 17-and-a-half years in service.
“The Army jawans are always under pressure that terrorist killed by them should be found with a weapon with him. But, what if terrorist hurls a grenade. The hands of Armymen get tied and they feel they are not being given a free hand to combat terrorists. They should be given a free hand to take on the terrorists,” Sukhdev said.
The body of Manpreet reached Tibri cantonment at around 4.30 pm through an aircraft. The cremation will take place on Sunday.

http://usat.ly/1vxIfZXFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Sony hit again, employee families threatened, files released
Sony staffers received a new email from hackers Friday, this time threatening their families, from the group that calls itself the Guardians of Peace or the "GOP."
Post to Facebook
Sony hit again, employee families threatened, files released Sony staffers received a new email from hackers Friday, this time threatening their families, from the group that calls itself the Guardians of Peace or the "GOP." Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A21SZg
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
92
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Sony hit again, employee families threatened, files released
Andrea Mandell and Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 1:30 a.m. EST December 6, 2014
Sony Pictures Entertainment headquarters in Culver City, Calif.
(Photo: Nick Ut, AP)
2631 CONNECT 608 TWEET 149 LINKEDIN 92 COMMENTEMAILMORE
CULVER CITY, Calif. — Sony staffers received a new email from hackers Friday, this time threatening their families, from the group that calls itself the Guardians of Peace or the "GOP."
At the same time, someone purporting to be the GOP released another, massive, file dump on Friday, posting them on a sharing site called Pastebin.
"It's over 100 gigabytes," said Daniel Tentler, with the security firm Carbon Dynamics. He is dissecting the file.
The posting was titled "Gift of GOP for 3rd day: Financial data of Sony Pictures."
The file was compressed and it wasn't immediately clear what it contained. However, whoever posted it claimed it included "many pieces of confidential data" in the accompanying message.
The message also read, "Anyone who loves peace can be our member. Please tell your mind at the email address below if you share our intention." The email directed readers to a site that gives users anonymous, disposable email addresses.
In a final line,which could mean that Sony will have its private data dripped slowly out into public arena, the message read, "The data to be released next week will excite you more."
These two secondary assaults come after Sony has spent all week shifting email to new servers, instructing staffers to change passwords, and turning back the clock to old-school time-punch cards in order to process employees' payment.
All of these efforts were made by Sony to thwart another attack by the GOP (easily confused with the political party). But an email – somewhat garbled in style – that landed in many staffers inboxes on Friday proved Sony's scramble is so far insufficient.
Sony Pictures Entertainment hacked
The email included a warning to all Sony employees who did not assist the GOP that their families could land in harm's way, according to a person unauthorized to speak publicly about the situation. Sony employees have been instructed to turn off mobile and tablet devices.
"We understand that some of our employees have received an email claiming to be from GOP," Robert Lawson, a spokesperson for Sony, told USA TODAY. "We are aware of the situation and are working with law enforcement."
The FBI said they were also aware of the GOP's latest threat."The FBI is aware of threatening emails that have been received by some employees at Sony Pictures Entertainment," said FBI press officer Joshua Campbell in a statement. "We continue to investigate this matter in order to identify the person or group responsible for the recent attack on the Sony Pictures network."
Sony has had computer security teams working round the clock to rescue what they can from the company's crippled servers since the initial attack was discovered on Nov. 24.
At the time, company officials had all staffers stay off of email and avoid the company's internal WiFi network, to maintain security while they tried to rebuild. Some have suggested that the attack is in retaliation for a forthcoming comedy produced by Sony called The Interview. North Korea has denied any involvement.
Sony hack may be linked to James Franco comedy
A new round of emails threatening staff could signal that the attackers didn't simply commit one of the largest hit-and-run cyber attacks on a U.S. company, but intend to continue toying with the firm as it struggles to get back on its feet.
Read the email in full, per Variety (emphasis added).
I am the head of GOP who made you worry.
Removing Sony Pictures on earth is a very tiny work for our group which is a worldwide organization. And what we have done so far is only a small part of our further plan.It's your false if you if you think this crisis will be over after some time. All hope will leave you and Sony Pictures will collapse. This situation is only due to Sony Pictures. Sony Pictures is responsible for whatever the result is. Sony Pictues clings to what is good to nobody from the beginning. It's silly to expect in Sony Pictures to take off us. Sony Pictures makes only useless efforts. One beside you can be our member.
Many things beyond imagination will happen at many places of the world. Our agents find themselves act in necessary places. Please sign your name to object the false of the company at the email address below if you don't want to suffer damage. If you don't, not only you but your family will be in danger.
Nobody can prevent us, but the only way is to follow our demand. If you want to prevent us, make your company behave wisely.
Contributing: Kevin Johnson
2631 CONNECT 608 TWEET 149 LINKEDIN 92 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A21SZg
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Modi government wants to make north-east a trade & business hub of South East AsiaASEAN
("The North Eastern region…)
AGARTALA: Union Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju today said the Narendra Modi government has changed the 'Look-East Policy' to 'Act East Policy' to make the North-Eastern region a trade and business hub of South East Asia .
"The North Eastern region has 98% of its border with South Asian countries and the rest 2% is with India. Where North-East ends, South Asia begins.
"We want to make the region the trade and commercial hub for the South East Asia. We earmarked Rs 53,000 crore for overall development of the region in the last budget," Rijiju told reporters after inaugurating a cargo loading station at the Akhaura Integrated Check Post (ICP).
Former union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on November 17 last year had inaugurated India's second international-standard multi-purpose ICP in Agartala along the Indo-Bangla international border.
Rijiju said he told a Japanese delegation in New Delhi on Friday that the central government wants massive investment in the north-eastern region for utilisation of the untapped resources of the region.
During his visit to the NE states earlier this week, the Prime Minister had said the Government was converting the 'Look East policy to Act East policy'. He said the Government signed an agreement with Japan, to open an economic corridor with Myanmar, which would boost employment in the region.
The Prime Minister had also announced during the ASEAN summit last month that the 'Look East Policy' has become 'Act East Policy'.
The eight NE states - Assam, Tripura, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Manipur, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim - share international boundaries with China, Myanmar, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Nepal.
Stating that most part of the north-eastern region is peaceful, except some portion of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur.
"Manipur remained a challenge to us. I appeal to the insurgents to shun the path of violence to return to normal life and take part in building up the region. There would be no dearth of rehabilitation packages," he said.
The minister said talks are on with a faction of ULFA and NSCN which is progressing in positive directions.
"The central government appointed a new interlocutor R N Ravi for holding peace talks with NSCN and we hope the result will be positive," he added.
Ravi is also the chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Threatening a Dec 16  Uber cabbie sexually assaults woman:PoliceWritten by Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:48 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:43 pm
A day after he allegedly beat up and raped a 27-year-old woman who had hired his vehicle, police Sunday evening arrested Uber driver Shiv Kumar Yadav from a remote village in Mathura.
Earlier in the day, police issued a notice to the managing director of Uber services under Section 161 of the CrPC to join the investigation and explain the security lapses. The company will be held liable for negligence, officials said.
Confirming Yadav’s arrest, Deputy Commissioner of Police, North Delhi, Madhur Verma said, “He had locked himself up in a small room in Anand Van, a village in Mathura 2 km from Chanderpuri Mohalla, his residence. More than 12 teams had been working to apprehend him for the past 24 hours and one of the teams finally traced Yadav with the help of local intelligence on Sunday evening. He will be brought to Delhi and produced in court.”
According to sources, soon after allegedly raping the woman and dropping her home in North Delhi, Yadav had fled to Chanderpuri Mohalla. After the news about the rape broke, the 32-year-old reportedly told his wife they would have to leave Mathura.
The 27-year-old alleged victim, who works in a finance company in Gurgaon, had approached the police early Saturday morning.
“We raided his house where he stayed with his wife and two daughters and a son, but he had fled by then. His family was questioned about his whereabouts but they did not reveal anything. We were then told he was hiding in a gurdwara in the village. Several places were raided, several leads were collected but we could not reach him,” police said.
It was only Sunday evening, after police had announced a reward of Rs 1 lakh for anyone giving any information on Yadav’s whereabouts, that a person approached them with a tip-off, said ACP, Kotwali, Devesh Kumar and ACP, Operations, Subhash Tandon.
“The informer told us that Yadav was hiding in Anand Van. A team immediately left for the location. Yadav saw us and started running. He entered a house and locked it from inside, and started throwing things around to stop us. Police however broke open the door and apprehended him around 7 pm,” a source said.
After apprehending the driver, the team took his photograph and sent it to senior officers so that they could match it with the photograph of Yadav they had.
No verification, no GPS: Police
According to Madhur Verma, DCP (North), the driver and the vehicle involved in the incident were part of Uber’s newly-launched low-cost cab-booking service. Police have listed some norms and guidelines that may have been flouted:
# The driver did not undergo the mandatory police verification, and a background check was not conducted by the company.
# He did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority, which is recommended for those engaged in driving cabs in the capital.
# Instead of a mandatory GPS system, the only link with the driver was an application that he had downloaded on the phone he was using.
“Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we will go for legal recourse,” said DCP (North) Verma, saying police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case.
Uber has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States, and has apologised for comments by an executive who suggested “digging up dirt” on journalists investigating the firm.
That has not stopped the San Francisco-based firm from raising investment that values it at $40 billion, reflecting the perceived potential of its expansion into high-growth markets like India.
Uber said in a statement on Sunday that it had suspended the driver following the allegations, in line with company policy, and have provided the authorities with “all relevant details,” such as driver, vehicle and trip information.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokeswoman.
(With inputs from Agencies)

Arunachal can help to solve country s power...(Excerpts from an exclusive…)
On infrastructure creation on the border
Earlier, we were deprived of the border infrastructure as the government of India's policy was not to build permanent infrastructure there. It was the UPA government that took a policy decision to build infrastructure. It was only in 2008 that the PM's special package of Rs 24,000 crore was announced for Arunachal Pradesh. Now, the cost of the projects under that package has gone up to Rs 36,000 crore. The package was mostly for connectivity, including trans-Arunachal highways connecting all district headquarters, and also connectivity near the international border [with China].
That will connect many of the habitations in border areas. It will also be useful for our armed forces and the movement of big machinery for hydroelectric projects that are expected to come up in the river basins. Also, the construction of advanced landing grounds at places such as Pasighat, Tezu, Ziro, Along, Mechuka and Vijay Nagar will increase connectivity. Those will be used both by military and civilians. I am hopeful that the projects under the 2008 package will be completed in another three to four years.
On the need for horizontal roads in the border areas to prevent migration of people into urban parts of the state
In September, we took two important cabinet decisions. First, we decided to approach the Centre to construct an industrial corridor connecting major habitations in the foothill areas — from Derapani in West Kameng district to Ruksing in East Siang district. The other decision was regarding the need for a road connecting all border habitations — right from Thingbu in Tawang district to Vijay Nagar in Changlang district. The Centre has recently expressed its desire to build a horizontal border road. This is in line with our Cabinet decision. The road will stop migration of the people living in border areas to the towns. Our administration has been extending housing, health and education schemes in those areas. Keeping in mind the extreme conditions in border areas, we have recently taken a decision to give free rice [up to 10 kg a month] for the people living in the border areas, as there is less economic activity there. I admit, migration has been happening, but it has not taken alarming proportions as yet. The main concern is that youths belonging to those areas are coming down to the urban areas.
On the BJP government at the Centre
I don't see any difficulty in getting our due despite there being a BJP government at the Centre. I hope the spirit of democracy is maintained. The Centre must treat all states equally irrespective of the party in power in a particular state.
On illicit opium cultivation
We are aware of this menace. In some areas, people have been cultivating opium for their economic sustainability. Some villagers use opium for medicinal purposes. But we are now giving them alternative means of livelihood — like ginger, cardamom and other cash crops. I have publicly appealed to the people to stop cultivating opium. But I can't stop it overnight. It will have to be a gradual process.
On hydroelectric projects
If the government takes the potential of Arunachal's hydroelectric power seriously, half of the power deficiency in the country will end. It's unfortunate that some NGOs in Assam have been blocking these projects. In this same valley, China has been building hydroelectric projects. China is building dams on Tsangpo river, which we call Siang in Arunachal Pradesh and Brahmaputra in Assam. They have already commissioned one project. They are building many other projects on the same river. But there are many stumbling blocks in implementing such projects here. The Lower Subansiri project [billed as the largest hydroelectric project in India, when completed], for example, has been suffering for the past three years. The work has been stalled and Rs 10 crore is being lost every day.
On trespassing by the Chinese Army
Till now, there has been no incidence of the Chinese harming our villagers. Until and unless there is any major provocation, our people living in the border areas are not scared. The Chinese army comes to the border, crosses over to our side, leaves some signs on trees or stones and then goes back. They don't stay inside our territory for a long period. But they have been lobbying around the world to portray Arunachal as a disputed territory. Because of the Chinese pressure, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank don't fund any project in Arunachal Pradesh. Now, they are convincing Japan not to fund any project in Arunachal Pradesh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

World s 10 largest cruise shipsWeighing 100,000 metric tons and with a length of 360 metres (1,181 ft), the Allure of the seas is the largest cruise ship ever to set sail. The ship features a two-deck dance hall, a theatre with ... more 
Weighing 100,000 metric tons and with a length of 360 metres (1,181 ft), the Allure of the seas is the largest cruise ship ever to set sail. The ship features a two-deck dance hall, a theatre with 1,380 seats, an ice skating rink and 25 dining options including the first Starbucks coffee shop at sea

Why McMahon Line  that separates India from China  matters1962 conflict
(ET Magazine travels to India’s…)
Metak Meyor's shop is a mini supermarket of sorts: it stocks grocery, vegetables, garments (from woollens to belts), footwear, personal care items (lip guards, Vicks VapoRub) and, for good measure, Bacardi Breezer and Bagpiper whisky. And there's that time-honoured symbol of telecommunication on the counter: a phone with an STD connection.
Meyor's crammed mini-mart is like any other you're likely to stumble upon in semiurban and rural India, and even in the farflung suburbs of big metros. The only difference is that this shop is a fair bit in the outbacks — to be precise the 35-year-old Meyor's smallyet-big bazaar is located in Musai, one of India's eastern-most villages that borders China.
Welcome to India's eastern-most administrative circle, Kibithu, nestled in Anjaw district of Arunachal Pradesh. Musai, and six other villages of Anjaw, fall within 15 kilometres of the McMahon Line that separates India from China.
Don't look for the border, though; there's no fencing and the armies on both sides guard their respective areas on the basis of what they perceive is their land. Standing on the bank of the Lohit river in Kibithu, it's difficult for a tourist to figure out which hill belongs to India and which to China — unless, of course, someone like Meyor offers to help you out.
Meyor, like the 260-odd residents of her village, has grown up hearing stories of the Chinese occupation of 1962. "My mother Chingdema is now 80 years old, but she vividly remembers the days when our village fell into the hands of the Chinese army," she says.
Shadows From the Past
In 1962, Brigadier NC Rawlley and his men held back the Chinese aggressors along the 37-km-long Kibithu-Walong stretch for 22 days. But with no road connectivity then to Tezu, the town located 230 km down the road from Walong, the Indian Army faced severe shortages of artillery, ammunition, food and winter clothing; they had little choice but to retreat on November 16, 1962, according to an inscription in Walong's war memorial.
The Chinese army came down to Changwinti, 90 km inside the Indian territory, but returned because there was no road onward. Achutso Chaitom, an 11-year-old lad then, saw the Chinese army trekking through the hills on the Indian side.
"The memories of 1962 still haunt us. But we are cent percent Indians and we don't want to be second-class citizens of China," says Chaitom, now the gaon burah (which literally means the 'eldest man') of Mechong village in Changwinti.
Then again, there is someone like Tope Meyor in Walong who says it does not really matter whether his house and his farm belong to India or China. "If it is written in our fate that we will be under Chinese occupation someday, we have to accept it," says Tope.
Akhraiso Ngadong from Towa village has a different take. "We have heard that China claims Arunachal Pradesh as its own. But we are not scared. The Indian Army is guarding us day and night," says Ngadong who works as a clerk in the state education department and rides his two-wheeler to attend office at Hayuliang, 22 km from his village.
  State of Affairs
Such a transection of opinion is valuable in a state that China claims as its own; in a state where the Chinese army is said to periodically cross to the Indian side; and in a state to which China has managed to stall funding for development, and continues with such attempts (see Why the McMahon Line Matters).
Whilst China has its strategic reasons for laying claim to Arunachal, it wouldn't be unfair to say that for many Indians, the state is just an appendage on a large map: it's too distant, too alien to comprehend and accept as a part of the collective Indian consciousness (whatever that may be); and that's reflected in the rising number of attacks on the 'outsiders' from Arunachal (as well as other parts of the northeast).
Arunachal, which is almost as large as West Bengal and larger than states like Punjab, Haryana and Himachal at almost 84,000 sq km, is distant — and the borders even more so.
This writer reached the border villages on Day 3 after crossing the Lohit river by ferry and travelling about 450 km from the Dibrugarh airport in Assam. There were two night halts, one at Tezu and the other at Hawai, the newly-built district headquarters of Anjaw.
Most of the villagers in the border areas wear their patriotism on their sleeve, never losing an opportunity to remind this writer that they are Indians. The lack of development and the fear of incursions are irritants but not large enough to upset their state of mind.
As one of the women in the border villages summed it up, quite simply: "How can we be unhappy when we have these hills and this river?"

Clashes erupt in Athens after protest to mark 2008 police killingClashes erupt in Athens after protest to mark 2008 police killing
Centre set to take more steps to rationalise subsidies: FM JaitleyCentre set to take more steps to rationalise subsidies: FM Jaitley
Zimbabwe s president alleges US plot against himZimbabwe s president alleges US plot against him
Forex reserves up by $1.43 billion to $316.31 billionForex reserves up by $1.43 billion to $316.31 billion
PM Modis model village scheme hits OppblockWritten by Manoj C G | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:54 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 1:28 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ambitious village adoption scheme for MPs — the Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana (SAGY) — could run into rough weather as several Opposition Lok Sabha members have expressed reservations about using their MPLADS funds for the scheme.
It is learnt that M Thambidurai, chairman of the committee on MPLADS, is set to convene a meeting of all MPs as early as next week to discuss this issue as well as the demand for increasing the MPLADS fund from the current Rs 5 crore.
Thambidurai told The Sunday Express that the government would have to provide funds for the scheme. While the government has not allocated separate funds for the programme, it envisages use of resources of existing centrally sponsored and state schemes like the Indira Awas Yojana and Pradhan Mantri Gramin Sadak Yojana, and funds available with the gram panchayats.
The MPs will have to “mobilise additional resources to the extent possible, particularly from CSR (corporate social responsibility) and philanthropies” and “fill up critical gaps in the plan using MPLADS funds”, say the guidelines. But several Lok Sabha members said they could not “exhaust” their MPLADS funds for just one village, depriving the people in the rest of their constituency.
Thambidurai said the idea of MPs raising funds from “CSR and philanthropies” was unworkable.
“I spoke with the MPLADS committee. Let the government programmes — whatever they have in the different ministries… let each ministry give some funds for the model village, not just the MPLADS. I am going to  insist on this. The Rural Development Ministry is in charge for that. I have also told the chairman of the standing committee on rural development to raise this issue with the ministry,” said Thambidurai.
He said MPLADS can also be used to fund the scheme, but it has to be the choice of the MP. As it is, many MPs are of the view that the MPLADS fund of Rs 5 crore per year is inadequate.
“In Kerala, each MLA gets Rs 6 crore — Rs 1 crore as MLA fund and Rs 5 crore as constituency asset development fund. In my view, this model can be adopted for the Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana. I have suggested this to the chairman of the MPLADS committee,” said CPI(M) MP from Palakkad M B Rajesh.
Meanwhile, the NDA government has already asked MPs to contribute their MPLADS funds for Modi’s other projects.
# The Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation wrote to all MPs on August 11— the letter was sent by then minister Nitin Gadkari — asking for allocation of MPLADS funds for constructing individual household latrines, school and anganwadi toilets, community sanitary complexes and for solid liquid waste management projects under the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyaan.
# HRD Minister Smriti Irani sent a letter to MPs on October 14 asking them to pitch in to achieve Modi’s goal of providing separate toilets for girls in schools. “I ask you to contribute to this programme by providing MPLADS funds for the construction of toilets in schools,” she wrote.
The average cost, she said, ranged from Rs 1.3 lakh for one toilet block in elementary schools to Rs 2.7 lakh for a toilet block in secondary schools, with an additional Rs 80,000 per toilet block for water supply.
* Three days later, then Rural Development Minister Nitin Gadkari asked MPs to identify a village in their constituencies under the SAGY.
“It is strange that the Prime Minister is giving slogans and asking the MPs to contribute from their MPLADS funds. And he will want to take the credit,” said Rajesh.
“As an MP we have two to three districts under us, covering anywhere between 350 to 400 villages. Our aim is to make every village an ideal village. I do not understand the aim to make one village a model village, shouldn’t they have provided some extra funds… I want to make a model district. why should I restrict myself to one village,” said Congress MP from Kaliabor, Gaurav Gogoi.

Jethmalani Jrs waiver to Gujarat: Rs 7.5 lakh fee to fightTeestaWritten by Satish Jha | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:50 am
The Gujarat Government had offered Rs 7.5 lakh per appearance to senior lawyer Mahesh Jethmalani, son former law minister Ram Jethmalani, as special public prosecutor in the Gujarat HC to oppose the anticipatory bail application of Mumbai-based activist Teesta Setalvad, her husband Javed Anand and three others, who are booked allegedly for siphoning off funds meant for the 2002 riots victims. Jethmalani is learnt to have refused the fee and volunteered to assist the state.
In a letter dated December 4, accessed by this newspaper, Jethmalani, has informed the principal secretary, home department “…I wish to inform you that I waive my appearance fee in the matter as also clerical charges of 10% on the total bill amount as also conference/drafting charges as per government norms…” However, he has asked the government to take care of his travelling and accommodation expenses. On November 13, the state legal department passed a resolution, stating that Jethmalani Junior will be given Rs 7.50 lakh per appearance.  In January, the DCB, Ahmedabad, had registered an FIR against Setalvad and others for allegedly usurping Rs 1.51 crore meant for converting Gulberg Society into a riots museum, a project which was not materialised.

Justice for the helplessWritten by T R Andhyarujina |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:06 am
No judge of any Supreme Court in the world has left his mark on humanitarian jurisprudence as Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer did in the short span of a little over seven years in the Indian Supreme Court. Appointed to the Supreme Court in July 1973, within a few months of the Union government’s supersession of three judges of the Supreme Court for their verdict against the government and Parliament in the Kesavananda Bharati case, the general public expected that Justice Iyer would toe the government line. At the same time, because of his earlier communist association in Kerala, his appointment was looked upon with deep suspicion by the legal fraternity. But with his unshakeable independence and commitment to the common man and human rights, Justice Iyer disappointed the government and surprised his critics, who later became his admirers.
He developed in his judgments a creative jurisprudence in which the hallmarks were his passion for the common, helpless and indigent man. His decision in Sunil Batra vs Delhi Administration in 1978 to reform the jail conditions of convicts remains a landmark. His profound humanitarian approach to the death penalty in Rajendra Prasad vs Uttar Pradesh in 1979 was followed by Lord Leslie Scarman in the Privy Council case of Riley vs Attorney General of Jamaica in 1982.
Immediately after his appointment, he resisted governmental pressure to impose an unconditional stay of the Allahabad High Court judgment in 1975 disqualifying Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. This judgment has been described as the finest hour of the Supreme Court by his most vehement critic, H.M. Seervai. Many years later, Justice Iyer revealed the pressure under which he was put to decide in favour of Indira Gandhi. On the day of the high court judgment in June 1975, then Law Minister H.R. Gokhale telephoned him and wanted to personally meet him, obviously to influence him to grant an unconditional stay of the judgment of the high court. Justice Iyer told him on the phone that as the prime minister had engaged an advocate (later N.A. Palkhivala), the appeal should be filed in the Supreme Court registry and there was no need to meet him. It was the conditional stay order of disqualification made by him that led, among other factors, to Indira Gandhi’s drastic step of imposing the Emergency.
Justice Iyer’s method of writing judgments with deep passion and flowery language irritated many persons, including judges of the Supreme Court like Justice V.D. Tulzapurkar, who criticised his language as being “prefaces, perorations, sermons and philosophies which have no proper place in judicial pronouncements”. To others, however, his judgments were a breath of fresh air from a crusader in continued…

The illusion of springWritten by Khaled Ahmed |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:16 am
Muslims have traced a recent trajectory they can’t decipher. Their states have become unstable after seeking to transition from authoritarianism to democracy. The world thought this transition would lead to some kind of Muslim enlightenment and called it their spring. It was an Arab Spring to begin with, but it could be called a Muslim Spring too.
Why were the Arabs supposed to achieve enlightenment when some non-Arab predecessors had already messed up their springs? Iran got rid of monarchy and embraced democracy in the 1980s. Today, it stones women to death and jails them for watching men’s soccer. The shah ruled forever and looks good in retrospect; Iran now has regular elections but looks medieval. Pakistan first slipped into military dictatorship but now has democracy, where the blasphemy law is employed to hunt down Christians and forcible conversions are making Hindus run away.
Before proceeding, I must acknowledge a brilliant book by McGill University professor T.V. Paul — The Warrior State: Pakistan in the Contemporary World. A chapter in the book seeks to understand the “geostrategic” behaviour of Pakistan in comparison with Turkey, Indonesia, Egypt, Taiwan and South Korea, all piggybacked by the United States because of their strategic locations.
For a Pakistani like me, whom history inclines towards loving Turkey since the Khilafat Movement of the early 20th century, the chapter is fascinating. A Kemalist Turkey — Jinnah and Iqbal revered the founder of Turkey, Kemal Ataturk — was ruled by generals in the 1950s, just like Pakistan. Both joined military pacts because they wanted to cash in on their strategic locations. But Turkey resisted the suicidal projection of the military state “outward”, unlike Pakistan, which became India-centric because of Kashmir: “The [Pakistani] elite’s use of religion for sectarian political goals widened the chasm among its various ethnic communities. The strategic approach of getting involved in great power geopolitical conflicts, as well as taking on a larger India, often by resorting to asymmetric means, only helped to weaken Pakistan as violent non-state forces now have turned against the state itself.”
Pakistan’s first military dictator, General Ayub Khan, was like Ataturk if you read his astoundingly “modern” diary, but developed an unpragmatic squint when it came to Kashmir. He didn’t win the 1965 War, which he started, and caused the loss
of East Pakistan in the post-Ayub era. He paved the way for the next phase, which was Islamisation — a deep-seated Muslim roadmap interrupted by his decade of “secular” dictatorship. General Zia-ul-Haq “fulfilled the aspirations of the Muslim masses” by enforcing “sharia” and no one has been able to take it out of the constitution after his death.
But Turkey has succumbed to another Muslim pathology: religious retrogression. As a disenchanted Pakistani, I liked the way continued…

Everything you need to know about home loan refinancingEverything you need to know about home loan refinancing
Simplus Information Services –  Tue 4 Nov, 2014 12:14 PM IST
Print
We all know that a home loan is taken for a long time, with the duration spanning over 20 to 30 years. During this time, the market conditions will almost certainly swing up and down many times. In the wake of such swings, borrowers may at times want to get their loans restructured for lower EMIs and interest rate.
During this time, the home loan refinancing comes handy. Here’s all you need to know about refinancing:
• What is home loan refinancing: The concept of refinancing your home loan is very simple. It is nothing but changing the terms of your existing loan. You essentially get a new loan duration and rate of interest. Your can either approach your existing bank for changing the terms and conditions, or another bank for loan refinancing.
Why should homeowners refinance: The most popular reason for getting your home loan refinanced is to take benefit from lower rate of interest. Other reasons can be to lower your loan tenure if you have surplus funds to pay every month; increase the loan tenure if you wish to reduce EMI Payments, or if you want to shift from floating rate to fixed rate or vice versa.
• Costs and savings: When done properly, refinancing can be very beneficial. However, there is just one major drawback involved – the cost of refinancing. The bank may charge fees for refinancing or changing the terms of the loan. Make sure you factor in these costs when comparing the total costs and savings between two loan offers. After all, refinancing is a profitable move only when the potential savings in the long run are significant.
Some of the costs of refinancing include:
Exit fee or penalty: In India, many banks were levying a prepayment penalty on the borrower, which would range between 2% and 5% of the principal outstanding. However, recently some banks such as State Bank of India and ICICI have done away with this fee; other banks may still charge a penalty.
Processing fee: Besides paying off to your old bank, the new lending bank will also charge a processing fee. This could be negotiated if the bank permits, after taking into account your credit history or in case of a large loan amount. Banks usually charge a processing fee between 0.5% and 1% of the loan principal.
• Refinancing with the same bank: Once the decision about getting a home loan refinanced is made, homeowners have to decide between refinancing with the same bank and shifting to new bank. Refinancing with the same bank means the bank will have to forgo some of its earnings, which is why the bank will try its best to give out as little as possible. Sometimes, the bank may refuse to negotiate terms and conditions altogether, making a switch to another bank inevitable.
• Refinancing with a new bank: For initiating the transferring process, you will need consent from the existing bank and present a No Objection Certificate (NOC) to the new lender, mentioning the outstanding loan amount. Producing an NOC is imperative in order to assure the new bank about the successful transfer of the loan.
• Watch out for: Switching over to a new bank means you will have to go through the loan procedure afresh. It will involve the verification of your property documents, credit appraisal and a technical evaluation of the property, etc. The loan will be approved only when all the conditions are met. In addition, it is better to switch a loan early during the tenure as you would have already paid a good amount of the interest due. Finally, remember that a loan switch is not a way out of irregular repayment regime. If you’ve been irregular with monthly installments, a new bank may not permit refinancing.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

Government rules out bail-out measure for Sp...(The Civil Aviation Minister…)
NEW DELHI: Government today ruled out any bail-out measure to cash-strapped budget carrier SpiceJet.
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju also justfied the actions taken by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation against the airline including withdrawal of its unused slots for flight operations.
"I don't think the government can afford to take on such loans onto itself," Raju told a news channel responding to a question whether the government will extend any guarantee as far as the beleaguered airline's debts are concerned.
The Minister, however, expressed the hope that SpiceJet will come out of the current financial crisis.
"We hope not. We hope they (SpiceJet) will be able to fly out of the financial turbulence which they are going through," he said when asked whether the airline was going the grounded Kingfisher Airlines way.
Raju also said the Directorate General of Civil Aviation has done its job by withdrawing the airlines' unused slots and passing other directions to SpiceJet.
Concerned over the deteriorating financial health of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA had yesterday withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
The airline had, however, in a statement yesterday, said surrendering the unused slots to an airport operators was a routine practice and it had already paid November salaries to almost 85 per cent of the employees two days ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FM Arun Jaitley hints at more subsidy rationalisation measuresFM Arun Jaitley hints at more subsidy rationalisation measures
Lima: India plans an outreach with SAARC countriesLima: India plans an outreach with SAARC countries
BMW tries to succeed where Daimler failedPrint
LONDON (Reuters) - BMW (BMWG.DE) launched its car-sharing service in London on Thursday, barely six months after fellow German carmaker Daimler (DAIGn.DE) said it was shutting its equivalent initiative in Britain.
Already in the United States, Austria and Germany, the DriveNow service operates in partnership with rental firm Sixt (SIXG.DE) and allows users who pay a one-off registration fee to locate and open their nearest car by card or via a mobile phone app.
The scheme will start in three boroughs in North London and compete with Avis's (CAR.O) Zipcar and Hertz's (HTZ.N) 24/7, with customers able to return vehicles anywhere within the zone.
In May Daimler axed its Car2Go operation from Britain, citing the country's strong culture and tradition of private vehicle ownership, though it continues to operate in cities around the world including Berlin and Rome.
Peter Schwarzenbauer, BMW board member with responsibility for mobility services, told Reuters that the company had learnt lessons in how to bring the scheme to London. The business has more than 360,000 customers worldwide.
“What we think we have to do differently is start on a smaller scale (and) prove the concept that this is something successful,” he said. “If you have proven it, then you can step by step ... grow this organically.”
Daimler found it difficult to coordinate its network of "free-floating" parking spaces across non-adjoining London authorities. BMW's DriveNow will operate initially from only one zone in the north of the city. [ID:nL6N0OE4X4]
Car rental firms and automakers are increasingly trying to tap in to the demand for flexible, short-term car use, particularly from younger people for whom car ownership is seen as less essential than it was in previous generations.
In March French billionaire Vincent Bollore said he would bring 3,000 electric cars to London's streets by 2016 as part of a car-share project that will emulate the city's bike hire scheme. [ID:nL6N0M9365]
The BMW-Sixt scheme will begin operating with BMW 1 series cars as well as vehicles from the group's Mini range.
 
(Reporting By Costas Pitas; Editing by David Goodman)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

How to choose a new cellphoneView Photo
FILE - In this Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014, file photo, the iPhone 6 plus, left, and iPhone 6 are displayed, in Cupertino, Calif. The latest devices are out for the holiday shopping season, and there’s likely to be a lull in new releases until next spring. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File)
NEW YORK (AP) -- Now is a good time to get a smartphone. The latest devices hit shelves in time for the holiday shopping season, and there's likely to be a lull in new releases until next spring. So why wait?
Here are some things to consider before hitting stores. If you're upgrading from an older model, you can skip the first part aimed at first-time smartphone buyers.
___
Do you need a smartphone?
Maybe you've been doing fine with just a basic cellphone, but many people who get smartphones discover things they never thought they could do. You can install a museum's app to get a map or learn about the current exhibits, or you can catch up on e-books with a reading app. You can also check email and Facebook more easily and take great pictures and quickly share them.
But you'll pay more — not just for the device. Monthly fees for voice, text and data tend to be higher compared with basic phone plans.
___
Which system should you pick?
This is the most important decision because it will influence your future smartphones. It's not easy to switch once you have all your apps, contacts and favorites on one system.
With Apple's iOS, you can choose between a variety of iPhone models — ranging from the giant iPhone 6 Plus to the older and smaller iPhone 5s and 5c. The iPhone 6 is a good choice in between and comes with all the bells and whistles, including a chip to make payments in stores that accept Apple Pay. Phones running Google's Android operating system include even more choices from several manufacturers, including Samsung, LG, Motorola, ZTE and Sony.
Android is more flexible in the sense that phone makers can customize it to their liking, and app developers have more say in what they write for Android phones. That flexibility has led to a free-for-all environment, though. Settings and features vary so much from phone to phone that it's tough to ask a friend or look online for help. And some Android apps won't work with all phones.
Because Android gets too fragmented many app developers work with iOS first. Apple is the only company that makes iOS phones, and it must approve what goes into its app store. That helps ensure quality, but it means trusting Apple to make those choices for you. One advantage of iOS is that iPhones work well with other Apple devices, including iPads and Mac computers. Android can't pull that off because the hardware and the software aren't as tightly integrated.
There are several other systems vying for third place. Microsoft's Windows is the most promising, after BlackBerry tumbled from pioneer to also-ran. Windows is a good system, but it has fewer apps.
___
How should you pay for it?
You used to simply pay $200 for the best phone, and the phone company covered the remaining $450 or so, making up for it in higher service fees over the life of your two-year contract. Lately, phone companies have been trying to wean customers off subsidies by having customers bring used phones or pay full prices in installments. With T-Mobile, that's the only option. In return, you pay less in monthly service fees.
If you forgo subsidies, you generally come out ahead if you sign up for a larger data plan — 10 gigabytes or more with AT&T and Verizon and 20 gigabytes or more with Sprint. The monthly discounts aren't as big with smaller data plans, so you're giving up more in subsidies than you get in discounts. But the installment plans have other advantages, including the ability to trade your phone in for a newer model before the typical two-year contract is up.
You can buy phones through your wireless carrier or go to a retailer such as Best Buy or Wal-Mart. You can also find phones on eBay and Amazon. Check with your carrier first to make sure it'll work, as networks in the U.S. vary.
___
How much should you pay?
It might be tempting to spend a lot for the latest iPhone or Samsung Galaxy phone, but you should ask yourself whether you need all that power. This is especially so if you are paying full price. (If you're getting a subsidized phone with a contract, then why not make the phone company pay for the best?)
There are several phones available for $200 or less, at contract-free prices, compared with $600 to $700 for the typical high-end phone. You're typically giving up a better camera, a better screen and a faster processor. But what you get in a budget phone is often good enough for such basics as email, Facebook and even video. First-time smartphone owners will notice a huge difference over their basic phones.
Smartphone veterans might want something more, especially if the phone is their primary access to the Internet. Heavy users might even consider paying more for additional storage. Phones fill up quickly with photos and video and downloaded music.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Kanimozhi was brain behind Kalaignar TVNEW DELHI, December 6, 2014
Updated: December 6, 2014 02:24 IST
‘Kanimozhi was brain behind Kalaignar TV’
Special Correspondent
trials
Witness denies he has been manipulated by Dr. Swamy and the BJP to give false evidence
The former Additional Private Secretary to ex-Telecom Minister A. Raja, Aseervatham Achary, on Friday told a trial court that DMK MP Kanimozhi was the “active brain” behind the formation of Kalaignar TV.
He was giving evidence in the 2G-related money laundering case as a prosecution witness.
He told Special Judge O.P. Saini that the MP used to visit Mr. Raja’s residential office in Delhi. Kalaignar TV used to give her wide coverage in its news bulletins.
“I used to see Kanimozhi Karunanidhi, a member of Parliament belonging to the DMK, visiting A. Raja at his residential office at Motilal Nehru Marg, New Delhi, frequently and also she visited his office at Electronics Niketan once,” the witness said.
“Both of them used to talk to each other regularly. Kanimozhi Karunanidhi is the active brain behind the formation of Kalaignar TV. She used to be widely covered in the news bulletins of Kalaignar TV,” the witness further said.
Later in his cross-examination by Rebecca John, counsel for Ms. Kanimozhi, that in the light of the fact that Subramanian Swamy and the BJP had made this case a political issue and he gave his evidence in the case to suit their political game, the witness said that he agreed to the first part but denied the latter.
He also denied that he had been manipulated by Dr. Swamy and the BJP to give false evidence.
Admits political ambitions
However, Mr. Achary admitted that he had political ambitions and was the member of the BJP since April 2014. He further stated that he had sought the blessings of Dr. Swamy when he joined the BJP. He also admitted that he knew Dr. Swamy long before he formally joined the BJP.

SAIL offer over-subscribed  to raise at least Rs. 1 500 croreiron and steel
The government is selling 5 per cent stake in SAIL through this one-day offer, which received bids for more than 30 crore shares, worth over Rs. 2,500 crore, by 2.45 p.m.
The Centre’s offer for sale (OFS) for the divestment of government five per cent equity in Steel Authority of India Ltd. (SAIL) that was concluded on Friday was oversubscribed more than two times. This OFS is expected to raise Rs.1,715 crore for the Centre.
The additional 10-per cent allocation for retail investors was also hugely oversubscribed (more than 2.5 times), a record for any retail participation in any OFS, according to a Finance Ministry release.
The government had offered a 5-per cent discount to retail investors. Following the completion of the divestment, the Centre’s shareholding in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent. This will make the public sector company compliant with the Securities and Exchange Board of India’s public shareholding norms.
These norms require companies listed on the stock exchanges to maintain minimum public floats of 25 per cent.
The Modi Government had in September approved a proposal for raising 10 per cent additional equity by SAIL through an offer for sale in two separate tranches. The first tranche sale was completed earlier.
Other proposals
It had also approved the sale of stakes in Coal India Ltd. (CIL), Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and National Hydroelectric Power Corporation (NHPC).
The Finance Ministry had proposed shares sales of 10 per cent in CIL, 5 per cent in ONGC and 11.36 per cent in NHPC. The disinvestment proposals are in line with those originally drafted by the UPA government before the elections. The Finance Ministry estimates that the 5 per cent disinvestment in ONGC alone will fetch Rs.18,000 crore, and the 10 per cent stake sale in CIL will rake in at least Rs.25,000 crore. The stake sales will be completed through offers for sales conducted via e-auctions on the stock exchanges.
The government has already selected merchant bankers for managing the disinvestments in ONGC and NHPC, and is in the process for finalising the managers for CIL’s offer for sale.
The UPA government had sold a 5-per cent stake in ONGC in 2012 for Rs.14,000 crore. State-owned LIC had picked up 95 per cent of the total shares on the block for over Rs.12,000 crore.

A long road back for AustraliaMore
Australia take first step on the long road back
Back in training for the first time since the death of Phillip Hughes, Australia's players and staff made conscious attempts at fun and games, at bonding, at being there for each other.
By Sidharth Monga | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 6 Dec, 2014 10:20 AM IST
0
The Australian team warm up at Adelaide Oval.
Getting back on your feet after losing a close one is a tricky business, especially when that close one was a constant presence at work. After a while, you want to get out of the mourning atmosphere and itch to go back to work, but you can never be sure what is in store for you. You can take all the counselling you want, you can psyche yourself up, you can want to get back all you want, but nothing prepares you for what actually happens on the first day back. During their first training session after the loss of Phillip Hughes , Australia made conscious attempts at fun and games, at bonding, at being there for each other.
It worked for the most part; there were smiles, laughter, cheers, dives, plenty of bouncers, quite a few blows on the thigh pad and above. David Warner , though, walked out early from his net session - possibly his first since Hughes' death - after which team psychologist Michael Lloyd spoke to him for about 20 minutes. Warner then went indoors, removed his pads, and came out to bowl to some of his team-mates. That he was back on the field, even if just bowling medium-pace and dodgy offbreaks, would have come as relief to his team-mates, but they will keep a close eye on him in the lead-up to the Test, which begins on Tuesday.
There was a certain deliberateness to how Australia went about their first day back at work. They didn't go to Adelaide Oval, choosing instead Park 25 Cricket Ground, which is open from all sides. One reason could be that they wanted to be able to bat in the middle, which might not have been possible at a ground getting ready for a Test. "We felt doing it in the open air would be better," coach Darren Lehmann commented before the session began. His answers remained short, suggesting even he didn't - as expected - know how the return was going to go, and promised normal - good, hard - Test cricket.
"We have plenty of steps to be honest, but we would like to keep it to ourselves for now to be honest," Lehmann said when asked if any of the players came out of a training session not feeling too good about playing the Test. "It's all about facing that first ball on Tuesday. So that's what we are trying to do: get them to that first ball over the next few days."
You could tell Lehmann himself didn't know what lay ahead. He had all the support, though. A familiar face welcomed the team to the ground. Barry "Nugget" Rees, the former Adelaide Oval dressing-room attendant, a motivating figure and a favourite among the players, was the first person they met as they walked in to the ground. The 70-year-old had that calming look on his face, one that said "I know what you have been through", and he shook hands and patted the shoulders of everyone.
The focus clearly was on easing the players back in. Selector Rod Marsh was present too, and he took part in the huddle, which ended in loud applause. The players were then divided into pairs, almost like they were at a dance. Brad Haddin , who could be captaining at the Adelaide Oval should Michael Clarke not be fit, and Ryan Harris , who is coming back from a career-threatening injury, responded by getting into a mock ball-room dance. Some others started doing the worm. The actual exercise was for the players to send their partner in circles, like a revolving door, until they felt dizzy. They all had a good laugh or three over it.
Fielding consultant Greg Blewett then made his way towards the cameramen, speaking to the one from cricket.com.au, presumably telling him to focus on something in particular. Presumably that something in particular was the same warm-up game with a football that Hughes is seen playing and enjoying immensely in the endearing cricket.com.au tribute video. After that they played another warm-up game, that of handball with a cricket ball, except that in this game the ball had to be kept close to the ground. Dives, slides, passes, dribbles, goals, all had the players expressing themselves freely, which would have been a struggle over the last few days.
When the nets began, the fast bowlers were given the centre pitch. No one held back. Bouncers flew from every arm. Thighs pads and ribs were hit. Hooks were played. There was no visible stigma around the bouncer. Finally you could see the players were getting some much-needed release.
However, it's when you are alone that your recovery from a personal loss is tested. And batting is a lonely job. When Warner went into the net, to face throwdowns from batting coach Michael Di Venuto, he was all alone. He didn't seem pleased with the way he hit the ball. The first bouncer at him, though, he hooked away comfortably. At other times he kicked the ground whenever he mis-hit. He cussed when he wore one in the rib. Eventually he hit the stumps with the bat when he edged one towards gully, ending his session. Di Venuto walked towards Warner, asking him if he was all right, but didn't get much of a response.
Warner walked straight to the tent outside the nets, seeming to wipe his face with his arm. He sat with his face in his hands until Lloyd joined him. What stood out was that the other players went on with their work even though Lehmann and Rod Marsh did have conversations with Lloyd.
Warner then walked back into the sheds, emerged about half an hour later with a ball in hand, and had a long bowl at the centre wicket. The usual legbreaks were missing. He bowled energetic seam-up for quite some time before bowling offbreaks with an action that would have had the ICC technical committee in knots had they been watching. Blewett, who kept wicket with a baseball mitt on, kept calling every delivery a no-ball. Warner didn't react much, but seemed more at ease. Bowling provides a release, batting draws you inwards. After he was done, Warner walked back to his hotel with his fellow opener Chris Rogers.
The first session was now out of the way. Three more of these, many press conferences where they will be asked emotional questions, some ceremony on Tuesday morning, and the Test match will be upon Australia. If this training session was emotional for Australia, Tuesday morning will be many times more so. As Harris said earlier this week, this is a great unknown, and nothing can prepare Australia enough for the morning of the first Test after Hughes.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

TN opposes move to scrap kerosene supply through PDSUpdated: December 7, 2014 02:09 IST
TN opposes move to scrap kerosene supply through PDS
Special Correspondent
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam. File photo
TOPICS
heads of state
Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam on Saturday shot off a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi opposing the Central government’s decision to scrap the subsidised kerosene supply through the Public Distribution System (PDS) and transfer the subsidy component by cash or other alternatives. He wanted Mr. Modi to advise the Union Finance Ministry to reconsider the move. The development comes on the eve of Chief Ministers’ conference on the restructuring of Planning Commission in New Delhi.
Alluding to a report by The Hindu in its Friday issue, Mr. Panneerselvam argued that in many parts of the State, especially rural areas, kerosene was mostly used as the main cooking fuel. He left for New Delhi in the day.
Chief Secretary K. Gnanadesikan and Principal Secretary (Planning and Development) S. Krishnan too left for New Delhi.
Mr. Pannerselvam on Saturday recalled that his predecessor Jayalalithaa, in a memorandum presented to Mr. Modi in June, raised both the issues of reduction in kerosene allotment and direct cash transfer in lieu of subsidy.
He said, “Tamil Nadu is strongly opposed to monetising and transferring in cash the subsidy element of Public Distribution System subsidies, including kerosene, where the critical concern is not the quantum of subsidy but the availability of commodities.”
He reiterated the State’s request for restoring the State’s monthly quota to 65,140 kilo litres from the present 29,056 kl in the interests of the poor and the middle class.
DMK president M. Karunanidhi urged the Centre to give up such a “reactionary” measure which, he said, would hit the poor.

http://usat.ly/1z5hpczFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Audi readies 'wish list' high-mpg Q7
Audi soon will sell a Q7 SUV with diesel-electric hybrid technology, and add a plug-in feature later, according to a report in trade publication Automotive News. The publication's story says the Q7 will make
Post to Facebook
Audi readies 'wish list' high-mpg Q7 Audi soon will sell a Q7 SUV with diesel-electric hybrid technology, and add a plug-in feature later, according to a report in trade publication Automotive News. The publication's story says the Q7 will make Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A1pgG6
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Audi readies 'wish list' high-mpg Q7
USAToday 3:30 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
VW CrossBlue uses diesel and electric power for improved mileage.
(Photo: VW)
32 CONNECT 12 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Audi soon will sell a Q7 SUV with diesel-electric hybrid technology, and add a plug-in feature later, according to a report in trade publication Automotive News.
The publication's story says the Q7 will make its debut next year with gasoline and diesel powertrains, and the plug-in diesel will come later.
It will be sold in Europe and the U.S., Automotive News reported, citing unidentified sources. USA TODAY could not independently verify the information. Audi's U.S. office told USA TODAY it had no information on the plug-in diesel-electric hybrid.
It would deliver on the implied promise of the Volkswagen CrossBlue diesel-electric hybrid SUV unveiled at the Detroit auto show last January. Audi and VW are units of German-based Volkswagen AG
The Audi Q7 diesel-electric plug-in hybrid would be the first such multiple-tech vehicle in the U.S., but the second in Europe, where Volvo offers a similarly configured V60.
Automotive News says that Audi development chief Ulrich Hackenberg disclosed this summer that Audi was working to beat its German rivals to market with a plug-in diesel. He said the A8 and Q7 would get a plug-in diesel variants but stopped short of confirming which model would be first, the publication says. He said the drivetrain will combine a 3.0-liter V-6 diesel and an electric motor.
Diesel-electric hybrids have been considered the fuel-saving Grail for years. Adding the plug-in feature moves the drivetrain higher on the "eco" scale.
Diesels get better mileage than gasoline engines. Adding part-time electric power from a hybrid improves mileage more.  And providing a plug-in feature to fill an oversize battery pack and allow the vehicle to run in strictly electric mode longer is a hat trick.
The only possible missing pieces is a hydrogen fuel-cell stack to produce the vehicle's electricity from hydrogen gas instead of batteries. That's still an exotic technology, while the individual pieces of Q7's high-mpg array are in production and on sale by a number of automakers.
Price will be key. Each of those technologies is costlier than conventional gasoline engines. In fact, high cost helped scuttle a joint government-industry project begun in 1993 aimed at producing 80-mpg family cars at mainstream prices.
The only way that car companies came close to the mileage goal was with diesel-electric hybrid powertrains. But they couldn't approach the price.
Called PNGV, for Partnership for a New Generation of Vehicles, it suspended anti-trust laws so the Detroit Three could work together and share information and industry-government technology. It was canceled in 2001. The project yielded demonstration vehicles rated 72 to 80 mpg, but they couldn't be priced right for mainstream sales.
When VW showed CrossBlue at the Detroit auto show last January, it said the powertrain was fantasy because it would cost too much. VW forecast that such a plug-in diesel-electric hybrid would be rated 35 mpg in a city/highway mix, and 89 mpg-equivalent in electric-only mode.
A 2015 Q7 with a diesel engine is rated 19 mpg in the city, 28 on the highway and 22 in combined driving. Audi offers no forecast of mpg ratings for a Q7 diesel-electric plug-in hybrid.
The fuel-cost reductions of such a vehicle would have to outweigh the higher price to make economic sense to buyers. It's getting harder to do that as fuel prices fall.
Automotive News says that Audi's Hackenberg said the automaker will offer plug-in diesel variants in the U.S., but didn't specify which models. The combination of power and economy in an Audi plug-in diesel would make it popular in the U.S., Hackenberg said.
Audi CEO Rupert Stadler said, "We strongly believe in plug-in hybrids" at the launch of the A3 Sportback e-tron, the automaker's first plug-in hybrid, which uses a gas-electric combination.
32 CONNECT 12 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A1pgG6
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Modi government finally feels the heatNEW DELHI, December 7, 2014
Updated: December 7, 2014 02:14 IST
Modi government finally feels the heat
Smita Gupta
Tweet
The Hindu
Minister of State for Food Processing Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti is mobbed by the media as she arrives at Parliament House on Friday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
parliament
The Opposition has given the government time until Monday to accept its demand for a resolution censuring Minister Niranjan Jyoti
The NDA government that sailed through the first week of the Winter Session of Parliament came crashing down to earth in the second, with Prime Minister Narendra Modi facing the heat for the first time since he came to power.
The Opposition has now given the government time until Monday to accept its demand for a resolution censuring Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her controversial remarks. Failing that, it will continue to stall the House, allowing only the Zero Hour and the Question Hour, to ensure that the government cannot take its ambitious legislative agenda forward.
Official sources told The Hindu that even as the government was trying to negotiate with the Opposition, it is considering suggesting a watered-down version of the Opposition resolution as a via media. The Prime Minister, it is learnt, is upset that his Cabinet colleagues failed to satisfy the Opposition, compelling him to take the floor.
For the Opposition that had been looking for a way to make its presence felt, especially in the Lok Sabha where it is hopelessly outnumbered, Ms. Jyoti’s intemperate election speech here provided a perfect opportunity to corner the government, and seek her resignation.
But the Minister’s apology in both Houses on Tuesday failed to satisfy the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha, though their counterparts in the Lok Sabha initially accepted it. Thereafter, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu and his deputy, Mukthar Abbas Naqvi, in the Rajya Sabha, also expressed regret, but an adamant Opposition pressed for an apology by the Prime Minister. Finally, on Wednesday, Mr. Modi made his second appearance in the House in the ongoing session — in the Lok Sabha — but did not utter a word. As the situation continued to escalate, the Prime Minister expressed regret in the Rajya Sabha on Thursday and in the Lok Sabha on Friday.
Indeed, the spin the BJP leadership has given to Ms. Jyoti’s communally polarising remarks is that the Opposition’s campaign against her stems from her “subaltern” status as she is an MBC, a Nishad.
This has not cut ice with the Opposition: after the government rejected its proposal to bring a general “Motion of Censure” in the Rajya Sabha condemning “inflammatory speeches,” nine parties — the Congress, the Samajwadi Party, the Trinamool Congress, the Janata Dal(U), the BSP, the CPI(M), the DMK, the CPI and the NCP — jointly sought a parliamentary resolution. These parties together command a majority in the Rajya Sabha, 139 in the 250-member House.
Of course, the Opposition is still working towards better floor coordination. In the Congress’s case, this week demonstrated that its Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha wings were not in touch with each other — on Tuesday, the Congress in the Lower House accepted Ms. Jyoti’s apology; in the Rajya Sabha, it did not.
Later, on Friday, led by party vice-president Rahul Gandhi, Congress MPs, and those of the Trinamool Congress, appeared in Parliament with black bands across their mouths. Earlier, on Thursday, an irate Mallikarjun Kharge, leader of the Congress in the Lok Sabha, led a walkout from the House, alleging that the microphones of Opposition MPs had been switched off to censor their comments.
The Opposition MPs have also pointed out that the government has begun to spring Bills on the House with just a few hours notice, giving them no time to prepare or give notice for amendments.

Jharkhand has got huge potential for development: Sushma SwarajPress Trust of India | Dec 07, 2014 at  12:14am IST
Ranchi: Union Minister Sushma Swaraj on Saturday said that Jharkhand has a huge potential for development and the BJP would work on it if voted to power.
Addressing an election rally in support of BJP candidate and former Assembly speaker CP Singh, the External Affairs Minister said development prospects in several areas like industry and tourism were there and the party was committed to develop the state.
Referring to triumphs of the BJP at the Centre, Haryana and Maharashtra in the recently concluded elections, Swaraj claimed that her party would form governments in both Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir, where Assembly elections were presently going on in phases.
The External Affairs Minister said development prospects in several areas like industry and tourism were there and the party was committed to develop the state.
Lauding the work of Narendra Modi, she said the Prime Minister has enhanced the nation's image in foreign lands with several countries expressing eagerness to establish trade relations with India.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Jharkhand polls: Lalu campaigns for RJD-Congress-JDU combinePress Trust of India | Dec 06, 2014 at 09:49pm IST
Giridih/Koderma: RJD supremo Lalu Prasad on Saturday appealed to the electorate to defeat the BJP and elect the RJD-Congress-JD(U) alliance in Jharkhand.
"Throw out the BJP, under which the nation cannot prosper," Prasad said while briefly addressing separate meetings in Giridih and Kodarma constituencies in support of RJD candidates.
"There have not been a single riot in Kodarma as RJD candidate Annapurna Devi (Jharkhand Water Resources Minister) has done a commending work in all these years," he said.
Kodarma and Giridh are listed for the third and fourth phase polling on December 9 and 14 respectively.
Kodarma and Giridh are listed for the third and fourth phase polling on December 9 and 14 respectively.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Terror came from town across LoC  showsGPSWritten by Praveen Swami | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 5:02 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 9:58 am
The six Lashkar-e-Taiba jihadists who staged Friday’s attack on an Indian military position near Uri left the small town of Chham, across the Line of Control (LoC) in Pakistan-administered Kashmir, hiking west for almost 24 hours, across dense high-altitude forest, before staging their attack at dawn, military sources have told The Sunday Express. The route, sources said, was revealed by digital records from the global positioning sets carried by the terrorists.
Flown to New Delhi early on Saturday, the digital positioning data shows the Lashkar assault team’s route took them from Chham to the LoC, and then to near Kamalkote village — the site of a cross-LOC artillery exchange which claimed the life of teenager Gulshan Bano last month.
The group, sources said, appeared to have stopped for a meal before crossing the Jhelum on foot, at about 2.30 am on Friday. Packets of ready-to-eat meals, including several of chicken curry, manufactured in Pakistan in November, were found among supplies recovered from the six jihadists. In addition to six assault rifles and grenades, the army also recovered two sawn-off 12-bore shotguns — a simple but effective weapon for close-range combat.
“There’s a high likelihood they were planning for a longer fight,” an officer involved in the operation said, “because we found over 1,500 rounds of ammunition left over when the shooting had ended”.
Evidence that the assault group began its journey from Chham — a town with a significant military presence — could further fuel India- Pakistan tensions. The group carried no identification, but officials said communication stations linked to local Lashkar units had reported on the attack to their base-stations across the LOC.
Army sources said several of the eight soldiers and three police officers killed on Friday died within minutes of the strike, which began after the attackers cut a loosely-guarded barbed wire fence protecting an artillery base, manned by soldiers of 24 Punjab Regiment and 31 Field Regiment.
The attack, sources said, was first spotted by a soldier heating water near the fence. Even before others could respond to his shouts, the terrorists threw a grenade at a barracks — setting the clothes and kerosene alight, and burning four soldiers to death. Three more soldiers were killed in the melee that followed. Three police officers from Uri town, who responded immediately on hearing the shots, were killed when they drove into three terrorists who were retreating from the fire towards a bunker.
“Families of engineering personnel were staying right next door to the attack,” said an officer, “so we felt there was a need to bring this to an end as quickly as possible, casualties notwithstanding”.
The Intelligence Bureau, sources said, had provided warnings on continued…

Social media: It both empowers & guts indivi...In the physical world, serious charges brought against innocent individuals have legal remedies. The cyberworld has no such panaceas.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Harish Nambiar
At the 2011 Jaipur Literary Festival, Turkish Nobel laureate Orhan Pamuk was asked one of those stupid questions that are occupational hazards for most writers. Was the theme of The Museum of Innocence that philosophical love is deeper than physical love? "That depends on the penetration," Sufi-land's Pamuk responded, pat, from all accounts.
But the good news is that the land of Kamasutra has started to score on penetration in the virtual playground of philosophical, physical and political love and hate that is the social media. India's online population will touch 283.8 million by 2016, overtaking the US at 264.9 million in the same period, according to US-based EMarketer. By 2018, India will have 346.3 million internet users compared with the US' 274.1 million. China will continue to retain its top slot with a little over 700 million by 2016 and 777 million by 2018, but most of the users will be much older than Indians.
A more gung-ho report by Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and IMRB International predicts that India will overtake the US as the country with the world's second-largest internet user base before New Year Eve.
Ripple Effects
A majority of Indians are connected to the internet via their mobile phones, riding on broadband connections offered by telecom companies. It is a platform for reactive, knee-jerk responses supporting or declaiming lies and half-truths or innocuous happenings, all of which amplify into a cacophony. Often with disastrous results that leave lives shattered.
Two incidents in the last month are examples. A video of two sisters from Haryana's Rohtak showed some rarest of rare images: two brave young girls fighting off purported male molesters in a bus with belts. As soon as the video went viral, the state's newly elected chief minister announced a cash reward for the girls and hailed them as exemplars of women resisting demeaning male stalkers. In due course, it was announced that the sisters, Pooja (19) and Aarti (22) would be honoured at the Republic Day Parade.
If there was pathos in the Rohtak sisters warding off male cretins, there was bathos in a second video that too went viral and also involved a young woman — Aayenah Pahuja. She was anchoring the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) from Goa for the state-run Doordarshan (DD) and made some laughable gaffes including calling the governor of Goa the governor of India and failing to identify some of the biggest stars of the film festival whom she interviewed with inane questions. Pathos and bathos switched sides in a few days.
A series of updates on the girls from Rohtak, gleefully tagged Bravehearts, brought out a less heroic tale. The boys who were beaten up in the bus did not molest them but were pounced upon to settle an argument over bus seats. The Indian Army has already summarily rejected the youngsters from applying on the basis of the viral video and the outrage it evoked. The boys had cleared the preliminary tests but are now facing charges that may be false, if reports of several of the co-passengers of the bus are to be believed.
Thanks to the second video, Pahuja, 24, has been fired by DD. The mountain of ridicule she faced online has traumatised her to the point of feeling suicidal. "My career has been ruined. I am so distressed I have not eaten in four days. My family approached the cybercrime department so the video was taken off but new people keep uploading it," she said.
How does the state regulate the spontaneous outpouring of emotions on social media that affect private lives, often tragically?

Civil aviation minister reviews Air India s performanceCivil aviation minister reviews Air India s performance
Sensex  Nifty fall after six-week gainsSensex  Nifty fall after six-week gains
Rolling Stone s UVA Gang Rape Story Begins To UnravelRolling Stone's UVA Gang Rape Story Begins To Unravel
Posted:
reddit
CHARLOTTESVILLE -- Three weeks after a bombshell Rolling Stone article detailed an alleged brutal gang rape at a University of Virginia fraternity, the fraternity released a statement that rebutted some of its central claims and the magazine is distancing itself from the article.
Will Dana, the managing editor of Rolling Stone, said in a statement Friday that the magazine had chosen not to contact any of the accused rapists at the request of “Jackie,” the alleged rape victim at the center of the story, but that the magazine's trust in Jackie had been "misplaced."
"In the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie's account," Dana said. “We were trying to be sensitive to the unfair shame and humiliation many women feel after a sexual assault and now regret the decision to not contact the alleged assaulters to get their account. We are taking this seriously and apologize to anyone who was affected by the story."
The Washington Post reported on Friday that officials close to the accused fraternity, Phi Kappa Psi, or “Phi Psi,” can prove that several details of Jackie’s story are false. For instance, Jackie told Rolling Stone and The Washington Post in separate interviews that one of the alleged perpetrators was employed at a certain fitness center on campus when the rape happened in 2012, but no Phi Psi brother was employed at that facility at the time. Toward the end of its article, the Post reported that "Jackie contradicted an earlier interview" by saying she no longer knew if her "attacker actually was a member of Phi Kappa Psi."
Reached by The Huffington Post, friends of Jackie said she was under “extreme duress” and could not speak publicly at the moment.
The fraternity said it began its own internal review after the Rolling Stone article was released. One major flaw in the details of the alleged gang rape, according to the fraternity: The attack allegedly happened at the house during a party, but the fraternity said there was no “date function or social event” during the weekend in question. It also refuted the suggestion a “ritualized sexual assault” is part of its pledging of initiation process.
“Our initial doubts as to the accuracy of the article have only been strengthened as alumni and undergraduate members have delved deeper,” the Virginia Alpha chapter of Phi Psi said in a statement Friday.
The new information casting doubt on Jackie’s story is yet another huge development for a UVA campus that has been reeling from the original Rolling Stone story and, weeks earlier, the murder of student Hannah Graham.
Evidence of the emotional trauma endured by the community in Charlottesville was on display this past week. The windows of the Phi Psi house, where “Jackie” claimed the brutal rape occurred, were broken, boarded up and surrounded by piles of shattered glass, apparently having been pelted with rocks and bricks. The entire Greek system, which makes up nearly a third of the students at the sprawling state university, has been temporarily suspended, and its members banned from speaking to the media.
One freshman woman who is not in the Greek system -- a “first-year,” in UVA lingo-- told The Huffington Post on Thursday that she and her hallmates in the dorm no longer feel safe on campus.
“We’re scared to go out now, even in groups,” she said. “The fraternities are shut down anyway until January, but even if they weren’t, I don’t think there’d be any rush to go back.”
In the week following the publication of the Rolling Stone article, Jackie’s story reverberated across campus. Students say they discussed it in all of their classes. The Phi Psi house was vandalized, students and faculty staged multiple rallies on campus, and petitions circulated online for the university to permanently bar the fraternity from campus. The fraternity pulled its contact information from its website.
UVA had already been under federal investigation in 2011 over concerns with how the university handle sexual violence on campus, but the Rolling Stone article published in November shined an even brighter spotlight on the issue.
Emily Renda, a rape survivor and advocate for victims on campus, as well as a friend of Jackie’s who was featured in the Rolling Stone article, criticized the magazine's reporting and how its fallout would hurt rape survivors.
“Rolling Stone decided to play all three roles of advocate, investigator and adjudicator, and those roles are kept separate and sacred for a reason,” Renda said. She worried these revelations would be “used to criticize survivors everywhere, which is cruel.”
The Board of Visitors, the governing body for the university, held an emergency three-hour meeting about sexual assault on campus. The university retained the law firm O’Melveny & Myers to review its handling of rape cases.
As for the legal fallout of what has transpired, the day before The Rolling Stone article was called into question, The Huffington Post sat down with Charlottesville Police Lt. Gary Pleasants to discuss the case. He said the police are “looking into an incident referred to us by the University of Virginia,” but that the effort falls short of what he would call a formal investigation.
“Our purpose is to find the truth in any matter and that’s what we are looking for here,” Pleasants told HuffPost Friday. “These articles do not change our focus moving forward.”
University President Teresa Sullivan released this statement Friday in response to the Rolling Stone inconsistencies:
I’m sure many of you are aware by now of today’s reports from the Washington Post and the statement from Rolling Stone magazine.  While all of us who care about the University of Virginia are upset by the Rolling Stone story, I write now with a different message.
Over the past two weeks, our community has been more focused than ever on one of the most difficult and critical issues facing higher education today: sexual violence on college campuses.   Today’s news must not alter this focus.  Here at U.Va., the safety of our students must continue to be our top priority, for all students, and especially for survivors of sexual assault.
We will continue to take a hard look at our practices, policies, and procedures, and continue to dedicate ourselves to becoming a model institution in our educational programming, in the character of our student culture, and in our care for those who are victims.
Now is the time for us to come together as a community to lead the way on this critical issue.
This story has been updated to include a comment from Emily Renda and the statement from Teresa Sullivan.
Also on HuffPost:

China Arrests Ex-Security Chief For Leaking Secrets  CorruptionChina Arrests Ex-Security Chief Zhou Yongkang For Leaking Secrets, Corruption
Reuters  |  By                                                                      By IAN MADER and DIDI TANG
Posted:
Updated:
12/05/2014 11:59 pm EST
Zhou Yongkang, China's top security official, attends a plenary session on the draft amendment to the Criminal Procedure Law as China's National People's Congress (NPC) takes place in Beijing, China, on Thursday, March 8, 2012.(Nelson Ching/Bloomberg via Getty Images ) | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
BEIJING (AP) — Chinese authorities arrested the once-feared ex-security chief Zhou Yongkang and launched a criminal investigation Saturday on charges ranging from adultery and bribery to leaking state secrets, after expelling him from the Communist Party overnight.
The developments, announced shortly after midnight, pave the way for a trial of the most senior figure so far to be ensnared in President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption crackdown and appear to seal the downfall of a formerly powerful politician once considered a potent rival for Xi.
The square-jawed, granite-faced Zhou, 72, is the highest-level official to be prosecuted since the 1981 treason trial of Mao Zedong's wife and other members of the "Gang of Four" who persecuted political opponents during the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution.
Although the case against Zhou has been touted by state media as another example of the party's determination to fight corruption regardless of one's rank, some analysts say it is part of factional politics in the ruling party's uppermost echelon.
"The fundamental issue remains the power struggle," Beijing-based historian and independent political observer Zhang Lifan said.
The announcement past midnight on a weekend is a sign that the party leadership wants to downplay its impact, Zhang said. An allegation that Zhou leaked state secrets may give authorities a reason to close the trial and keep dirty politics under the wraps, he added.
Li Cheng, director of the John L. Thornton China Center at Washington-based think-tank Brookings, said the prosecution against Zhou was a genuine effort by Beijing to root out corruption to rebuild the party's image.
Zhou had been under the party's internal investigation for "severe disciplinary violations" — a phrase is usually used to describe corruption — since last December, a year after he retired as a Standing Committee member of the party's Politburo. Investigations were made public in July.
"He abused his power to help relatives, mistresses and friends make huge profits from operating businesses, resulting in serious losses of state-owned assets," the official Xinhua News Agency said.
The party's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said in a statement posted online that the decision to expel Zhou was made Friday at a meeting of the 25-member Politburo. Shortly after the expulsion was made public early Saturday, prosecutors announced Zhou's formal arrest and opened a criminal case against him, the party said.
The investigation had found that Zhou had "seriously violated the Party's political, organizational and confidentiality discipline," Xinhua said.
"Zhou leaked the Party's and country's secrets," the Xinhua report went on to say, without revealing what he might have leaked, or to whom. "He seriously violated self-disciplinary regulations and accepted a large amount of money and properties personally and through his family. Zhou committed adultery with a number of women and traded his power for sex and money."
Any trial would be expected to have a foregone conclusion with Zhou's conviction, because the outcomes of such high-profile trials are widely believed to be negotiated among top leaders ahead of time.
Li of Brookings said Zhou would either get life imprisonment or a suspended death sentence. A line in the official report that investigators discovered other, unspecified crimes indicates Beijing could be negotiating for Zhou's cooperation during the trial, Li said.
Former members of the powerful Politburo Standing Committee had long been considered off-limits for prosecution in an unwritten rule aimed at preserving party unity. But Xi vowed to go after both low- and high-level officials in his campaign to purge the party of corruption and other wrongdoing that have undermined its legitimacy in the public eye.
"What Zhou did completely deviated from the Party's nature and mission, and seriously violated Party discipline. His behaviors badly undermined the reputation of the Party, significantly damaged the cause of the Party and the people, and have yielded serious consequences," the report said.
Zhou was once perceived as untouchable, with expansive patronage networks covering the sprawling southwestern province of Sichuan where he was once party boss and controlled the state oil sector, police and courts.
More significantly, as China's security chief, he oversaw the country's domestic spy agencies, a position that afforded him access to information on other high-ranking politicians who might pose a threat to him.
Zhou was born the son of an eel fisherman in a little-known eastern village, the eldest of three boys and the only one to attend university, from which he graduated as an engineer, according to financial news magazine Caixin.
He spent the early part of his career in the oil sector, rising through the ranks over several decades to become the general manager of China National Petroleum Corp., one of the world's biggest energy companies, in 1996.
He then served as party chief of Sichuan province between 1999 and 2002, and became a Politburo Standing Committee member and the national security chief in 2007.
Critics have said policies and practices introduced by Zhou, including indiscriminate crackdowns and harsh measures to preserve social stability have trampled on laws and sabotaged China's fledgling legal system. But it is almost certain Zhou will not be held accountable for such offenses.
"I believe authorities may want to put less political emphasis on Zhou's case and want to handle it as a criminal case," said Hong Daode, professor of criminal justice at China University of Political Science and Law.
___
Associated Press researcher Henry Hou contributed to this report.
More:

4 European countries suspend authorisation of 25 drugs studied at GVK BiosciencesDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Four European countries have decided to suspend marketing authorisations of 25 drugs, which had undergone studies/tests at the GVK Biosciences facility here before they were introduced.
European Medicines Agency (EMA) said in a statement that it is reviewing findings of non-compliance with good clinical practise at the GVK facility and determining its impact on medicines authorised on the basis of studies performed there.
Germany, France, Luxembourg and Belgium have already decided to suspend marketing authorisations of these drugs.
“EMA will issue a recommendation on whether the marketing authorisations of the concerned medicines should be maintained, varied, suspended or withdrawn across the EU. The recommendation is expected in January,” the regulator said.
When contacted, the GVK Bio spokesperson refused to comment, saying the news was not communicated to the company.
EMA started the review in September 2014 following an inspection carried out by the French medicines agency at the GVK Biosciences, which raised concerns about `reliability of studies’ conducted at the facility between 2008 and 2014.
EMA’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) is now identifying, together with member states of the EU, the medicines covered by the inspection findings.
French drug regulator ANSM said on its website that Belgium, Germany, Luxembourg and France decided to suspend the marketing authorisations for the medicinal products concerned.
“Although these documents (with regard to alleged irregularities) are not essential to the demonstration of bioequivalence, the ANSM decided, as a precaution, to suspend the marketing authorisation of 25 marketed generic drugs.
“This decision is taken as a precaution. No evidence has, to date, led to establish a proven risk to human health or lack of effectiveness of these drugs….these drugs are available in other brands,” the French regulator said.
TAGS: GVK Biosciences
More from companies

Consumers to get choice to select power discom  says Piyush GoyalBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
In a significant power sector reform measure, the government said it will soon make necessary amendments to the Electricity Act to allow consumers to choose their distribution company.
“Electricity Act has been in discussion for quite some time. The act was put up for stakeholders’ consultation. We have received various suggestions,” Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal told reporters here at a CII event.
“What we are looking at is allowing competition at last mile delivery so that consumers have a choice of supplier of electricity… it will also help states serve the people better,” the Minister said.
Goyal assured that wherever there are existing power purchase agreements, the interests of stakeholders will be protected in consultation with certain benchmarks set by the regulator.
The Minister said competition will be encouraged at the last mile in the interest of keeping tariff low, competitive and for better customer service.
On being asked about allowing end users of electricity to select their own power distribution firm, Goyal said it will be done gradually, adding that it was tried in Maharashtra but due to some court decisions it couldn’t go further.
There were some hurdles under the Electricity Act of 2003, he said when asked why the proposed model did not work in that state.
“We are trying to resolve those hurdles under the current amendment to the Electricity Act,” he added.
TAGS: Piyush Goyal
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Even before the discount dhamaka  Google Online Shopping Festival sizzles with action this yearDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
WITH Flipkart deciding to give this year’s Google Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) a miss, consumers now stand to indulge in two extra days of shopping, thanks to the e-commerce company’s own discount fest, Big App Sale, which starts two days earlier than GOSF. While GOSF is slated to be held between December 10 and 12, Flipkart’s Big App Sale starts from December 8 and goes on till December 12.
While major e-tailers like Amazon, Snapdeal and Jabong, among others, get ready for the three-day GOSF, Flipkart is all set to roll out its own jamboree, complete with discounts and via its mobile app. Shoppers couldn’’t have asked for more. An Amazon India spokesperson says, “We have partnered with Google previously for many of their events including the Grand Diwali Mela and we have received a great response from customers. We will continue to partner with Google wherever we see an opportunity to provide an easy, convenient and enjoyable shopping experience for customers.”
The GOSF, one of the biggest e-commerce ventures of Google, started in 2012 and has tied up with over 450 brands and e-com portals for offering discounts to online shoppers this year. “We have partnered with all leading players including Amazon, Snapdeal, etc. Flipkart is the leading company which has decided to not participate this year,” says Nitin Bawankule, industry director, e-commerce, Google India.
Last year, during the GOSF, the servers had crashed resulting in Google having to declare an extra day of sale to keep the promise of a three-day shopping carnival for online consumers.
“Being a marketplace, Snapdeal does not play any role in pricing of products, the sellers who are listed on Snapdeal price their own products. We work closely with our listed sellers to provide them insights to price their products competitively and also run promotions from time to time to offer best prices to our customers,” says a Snapdeal spokesperson.
Meanwhile, the heavyweights of India’s retail have united their forces to take on the slaughtered sales due to their online counterparts. With letters to the ministries of finance and commerce, those with significant interests in the retail business such as Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), Aditya Birla Group, ITC, Bharti and Future Group have complained against predatory pricing on e-commerce platforms.
The Retailers’ Association of India (RAI), the apex body of major retailers whose member list includes RIL, Aditya Birla Group and Bharti, among others, is now seeking clarity in norms for the e-commerce sector, as well as for the overall retail sector in the Indian market.
Kumar Rajagopalan, RAI chief executive and former chief executive of Shoppers Stop, confirmed the filing but refused to comment further.
The Indian e-commerce sector, which is pegged around $4 billion, is expected to grow up to $15 billion in the next two years, as per a Google survey. While the traditional retail sector accounts for the bulk of India’s $600-billion retail industry, the majority of it is unorganised. The e-commerce sector’s share remains only up to 4%. This year alone, the investments in e-commerce sector have been somewhere around R20,000 crore, which is four times of what was invested in the previous year.
Although protests by offline sales channels against the mammoth discounts offered by the online sellers like Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal, to name a few, have continued since mega sale events such as Flipkart’s Big Billion Day Sale and Amazon’s Diwali Dhamaka Week recently, it’s the first time that the big boys have complained against the new entrants.
Last month, RAI held a meeting with the Confederation of All India Traders in Mumbai to discuss the need for clarity regarding retail on the Web. After buyers complained against Flipkart’s Big Billion Day Sale, the government had clarified that e-commerce companies are covered under the Consumer Protection Rights Act. Several established retailers like ITC have already started testing the online model by launching their own e-stores, while maintaining offline businesses.
At the time of street protests by mid-sized and smaller traditional channels, major companies of the sector had kept their distance, showcasing divided opinions among them.
TAGS: Google
More from companies

AstraZeneca  Ranbaxy Labs triumph in US courtAstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Laboratories prevail, Nexium drug deal ‘not anti-competitive’
By: PTI |        New Delhi |  December 6, 2014 9:52 pm
Summary
In a landmark judgement for pharma sector, a US jury has ruled that AstraZeneca’s patent litigation settlement for blockbuster drug Nexium…
The lawsuit challenged a settlement between AstraZeneca and Ranbaxy Laboratories that allowed Ranbaxy to launch in 2014 a generic version of Nexium. (Reuters)
Other Articles
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest
In a landmark judgement for pharma sector, a US jury has ruled that AstraZeneca’s patent litigation settlement for blockbuster drug Nexium with Ranbaxy Laboratories was not anti-competitive.
“…a jury in the US District Court for the District of Massachusetts returned a verdict in favour of AstraZeneca in a multi-district antitrust case filed by various purchaser groups challenging the previous settlement of Nexium patent litigation with Ranbaxy,” AstraZeneca said in a release.
AstraZeneca said the company has always maintained that the plaintiffs’ allegations were without merit.
“All parties have appellate rights. Two cases making similar allegations were filed by numerous purchasers in the state court in Pennsylvania and are still pending,” AstraZeneca said.

http://usat.ly/1yXbmqmFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Average 30-year loan rate falls to 3.89%
Mortgage company Freddie Mac said Thursday the nationwide average for a 30-year mortgage declined to 3.89% this week from 3.97% last week.
Post to Facebook
Average 30-year loan rate falls to 3.89% Mortgage company Freddie Mac said Thursday the nationwide average for a 30-year mortgage declined to 3.89% this week from 3.97% last week. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zWtvTx
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Average 30-year loan rate falls to 3.89%
USAToday 4:07 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
A home for sale in North Andover, Mass.
(Photo: Elise Amendola, AP)
109 CONNECT 57 TWEET 63 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON — Average U.S. long-term mortgage rates fell for the fourth straight week, a continuing boon for potential homebuyers.
Mortgage company Freddie Mac said Thursday the nationwide average for a 30-year mortgage declined to 3.89% this week from 3.97% last week. It is now at its lowest level since May 2013.
Rates are about a half-point lower than at the beginning of the year, when the benchmark 30-year rate stood at 4.53%. Rates have fallen in recent weeks amid economic slowdowns in Europe and China, and the start of a recession in Japan.
The average for a 15-year mortgage, a popular choice for people who are refinancing, declined to 3.10% from 3.17% last week.
Mortgage rates have been falling despite the recent end of the Federal Reserve's monthly bond purchases, which were intended to keep long-term interest rates low. An improving economy led the Fed in October to end the program that it launched during the 2008 financial crisis. Fed officials also have indicated that they will continue to hold shorter-term rates at near-zero levels until signs emerge of rising inflation.
The Fed's latest survey of business conditions around the U.S., released Wednesday, showed that the economy kept expanding in October and November, helped by solid gains in consumer spending, manufacturing and overall employment. The survey found many areas of strength and for the first time this year, the report didn't see a need to qualify its summary of growth by using words like "modest" and "moderate."
To calculate average mortgage rates, Freddie Mac surveys lenders across the country between Monday and Wednesday each week. The average doesn't include extra fees, known as points, which most borrowers must pay to get the lowest rates. One point equals 1% of the loan amount.
The average fee for a 30-year mortgage was unchanged from last week at 0.5 point. The fee for a 15-year mortgage also remained at 0.5 point.
The average rate on a five-year adjustable-rate mortgage fell to 2.94% from 3.01%. The fee was steady at 0.5 point.
For a one-year ARM, the average rate declined to 2.41% from 2.44%. The fee held at 0.4 point.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zWtvTx
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

http://usat.ly/12sFcGkWarby Parker: A visionary approach to selling eyewear
Warby Parker: A visionary approach to selling eyewear
Entrepreneur of the Year series: Dave Gilboa co-founder and co-CEO of Warby Parker, tells why his glasses company has grown so fast, both online an in brick-and-mortar stores. USA TODAY
Matthew Diebel , USATODAY 8:35 a.m. EST December 1, 2014
Dave Gilboa is co-CEO of eyeglasses maker Warby Parker, which is headquartered in New York City.
(Photo: Todd Plitt, USA TODAY)
195 CONNECT 90 TWEET 62 LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — Ever wonder why a pair of reasonably decent eyeglass frames costs $250 or more while a pair of sunglasses of similar quality — complete with lenses — costs a fraction of that?
Or why high-end shopping areas and upscale malls across the nation are peppered with eyeglass stores?
Two words: huge profits.
That thinking — and the loss of a pair of glasses — was the genesis of Warby Parker, the online-based retailer that has exploded into the marketplace by selling stylish $95 frames complete with lenses.
"The technology behind a pair of glasses is 800 years old," says co-CEO Dave Gilboa at the company's headquarters in New York City's trendy SoHo neighborhood.  "And it's kind of crazy you can buy a new iPhone for less than it costs to buy a pair of glasses."
Gilboa points to a virtual monopoly in the industry as the reason for high prices. "We thought it was kind of wacky how expensive glasses were," he says. "I lost my only pair of glasses while backpacking around Southeast Asia that had cost me $700. And I showed up at school without a pair of glasses … because it was hard for me to justify paying that much for a new pair."
Warby Parker is one of 10 finalists in USA TODAY's Entrepreneur of the Year contest. Profiles of the final contender will run this week, and a winner will be selected in December.
The enterprise — which started in 2010 when four graduates of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania started selling glasses online from a Philadelphia apartment — has sold more than a million pairs. It  has given the same number to charity as part of its "Buy a Pair, Give a Pair" program that benefits sight-impaired people in developing nations.
Tech stocks: Luxottica shares up off Google Glass deal
This has been a particularly big year for the company. The bricks-and-mortar operation has rapidly expanded from four stores to nine across the USA, and two more will launch in the next few months.
Part of the growth comes outside New York City, where most of the company's 400-plus employees are located. In September, Warby Parker announced the opening of corporate offices in Nashville, aiming to create about 250 jobs over the next five years. The retail stores  operate coast to coast.
Another growth area: This year, the company  introduced glasses with progressive lenses, priced at $295. "That makes up about 50% of the market in the U.S. that we hadn't been addressing," says Gilboa. who runs the company with co-CEO and fellow Wharton graduate Neil Blumenthal. (The other founders are involved in their own ventures, though they remain on the Warby Parker board.)
Overall sales — Gilboa says the vast majority of revenue is generated online — are growing at warp speed, aided by the firm's "Home Try-On" service that sends potential customers five pairs of glasses to try out for free, return postage paid. The privately held company doesn't disclose revenue, but Gilboa says June's announcement of a million glasses given away is an accurate indicator of sales. In July 2013, that figure was 500,000.
Warby Parker, named after two Jack Kerouac characters, Warby Pepper and Zack Parker, has done it all based on a four-pronged strategy: low prices, stylish glasses, social responsibility and customer service.
Wendy Liebmann of WSL Strategic Retail, a New York City-based industry analyst and consultant, says  a key to success is that the firm has not been just a low-price competitor. "They discovered a problem, and they found a solution that wasn't the typical solution," Liebmann says, alluding to  the company's emphasis on style and customer service.
John Lennon inspires unique line of eyewear
She compares Warby Parker to Zappos, the online footwear retailer. "Nobody thought you could sell shoes without trying them on."
Zappos has certainly been an inspiration to Blumenthal and Gilboa, who mentions chats with Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh as key in focusing the company.
Gilboa's advice to new entrepreneurs: "Put customers first and … really focus on customer experience. We still to this day find that the majority of our customers learn about Warby Parker through word of mouth, through great experiences that other customers have had."
He  advises against skimping on essentials. "We outsourced all our technology from the get-go and quickly realized that it was a massive mistake. If you want to be the most innovative brand and company … that has to start with technology."
195 CONNECT 90 TWEET 62 LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rHqvvo
ENTREPRENEUR OF THE YEAR

Shah Rukh  Salman and Aamir do the towel danceCelebrity
Rajat Sharma brings the three Khans together
Rajat Sharma's popular talk show Aap Ki Adalat has completed 21 years and to celebrate its success, a mega event was hosted in New Delhi. From India's most powerful politicians to country's most loved stars everyone, attended the gala event.
Also see:
Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan and Aamir Khan along with the host Rajat Sharma do the iconic ‘Towel Dance’
1 / 30

What long-term effect will the new norms have on gold importsGold
(Imports have soared in the…)
Last week, the government pulled off a policy announcement which took many by surprise. It introduced a measure which effectively liberalised gold imports, lifting a norm that made traders re-export 20% gold they imported. In other words, if importers bought 100 units of gold into the country, they had to reexport 20 units earlier.
The move was aimed at controlling the flow of gold into the country, which in recent months has turned into a veritable flood. According to the data released by the World Gold Council, in the third quarter of 2014, India imported 204 tonnes of gold for domestic consumption, up by 124% from the year-ago period. At a time when industry is still weak, and trade hit by low global growth, gold imports, usually high ahead of the marriage season, are a possible indicator that some categories of consumers at least are bullish. Following the removal of restrictions, gold soared by Rs 840 per 10 gm on December 2, the year's biggest single-day rise.
Gold Rush
Yet, high and rising gold imports have hardly been good for the trade deficit. In October, the deficit rose to $14.2 billion, partly due to weak exports — hit by slow growth of India's key trading partners — but also due to a dramatic jump in gold imports to $4.2 billion, up by almost 280% from a year earlier.
The 80:20 rule was introduced in August last year as one of many measures to curb gold imports seen as rising at an alarming pace at a time when India's external finances were in a worse shape than they are now. The country had been battered by a sharp fall in the rupee and a gloomy sentiment ahead of elections. Other measures to curb gold imports included hiking customs duty.
None of these had any effect if the gold import numbers are anything to go by. "There is always gold available in this country if anyone wants to buy," points out Rajesh Mehta, executive chairman of Rajesh Exports, one of India's largest gold importers. Indeed, these measures merely led to gold being smuggled into the country — witness the jump in gold seizures by Customs officials at various ports and airports in recent months.
The scrapping of the 80:20 rule, from that perspective, was merely the removal of a policy measure which had little effect in achieving its aim.
Ironically, even though Mehta welcomes the scrapping of the 80:20 norm, he points out that the implementation of the change is uncertain. "Gold imports have virtually ceased since Friday [the day of the policy change]," says Mehta. He says that this is because the policy changes have not yet filtered down to field staff in the Customs department in terms of instructions on how to implement the new policy.
But what effect will the new norms have on gold imports over the longer term?
The good news is that there may be no immediate effect on imports over at least the next couple of months. "I don't see any major jump in gold imports till the next festival season," says T Gnanasekar, director of CommTrendz, a commodities and foreign exchange research firm. As he points out, most of the gold buying for the current marriage season has happened. "Plus, most traders have ample stocks," he says.
  Slow Burn
But gold imports will certainly rise over time, he says. According to Gnanasekar, gold imports could rise by as much as 70-80% over time following the move to liberalize the 80:20 norm. For his part, Mehta says that gold imports could rise by about 25% from current levels because of the liberalized norms.
However, he points out: "It is important to note that the effect will be on illegal imports of gold." In other words, if 100 units of gold were being imported illegally till now, that will fall to 75, with 25 being added to the tally of legal imports. Thus, even as the trade deficit may show a jump, the actually volume of gold being imported into the country — through both legal and illegal channels — may not change much.
But even with this liberalisation, the government's schizophrenic approach to gold remains. "Even now, there is a 10.3% import duty on gold," Mehta says. "This accounts for the major reason why gold was being bought in illegally. The removal of the 80:20 rule will only partly affect the import of gold through illegal means."
The broader context in which gold imports have soared is a global shift among investors away from commodities in general towards financial assets like equity. But this could change, and if there is a significant weakening in global growth and increase in uncertainty, investors will be tempted to flood back into that safe haven — gold. "If investment demand rises, it could further lead to an increase in demand for the metal," says Gnanasekar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What it takes to change Ranji Trophy teamsWhat it takes to go pro at the Ranji Trophy
Aakash Chopra and Amol Muzumdar on what it takes to adapt to smaller sides.
By Abhishek Purohit | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 6 Dec, 2014 4:17 PM IST
Tweet
0
Aakash Chopra.Professional cricketers from outside a state association have been an integral part of Ranji Trophy teams since the tournament's early years. These experienced players are valued not only for their run-making ability but also for the mentoring roles they can perform. Aakash Chopra was with Delhi for 12 years before moving on to Rajasthan for a couple of seasons and ending his career at Himachal Pradesh. Amol Muzumdar played for Mumbai for 15 years before signing off with two seasons each at Assam and Andhra. The veterans of heavyweight teams speak to ESPNcricinfo about what it takes to adapt to smaller sides.
How does one handle the shift initially?
Chopra: Even if you have scored plenty of runs, when you walk into a new side, you are craving for acceptance. You need to become one of them. If you don't, it becomes a huge issue. Initial acceptance happens because of what you have done elsewhere but that lasts only for a little while. Beyond that, you need to start afresh, build relationships. You need to quickly identify who are the right people to talk to, and what to talk about. I was fortunate in that Rajasthan was a great bunch of kids. I had also played Buchi Babu with them. So when the Ranji Trophy began I had had a fair amount of interaction. Also my coach Tarak Sinha was coach of their academy then. That also helped.
Muzumdar: After sharing 16 years in the Mumbai dressing room, when I went to Assam, it was completely different in Guwahati. I was used to having Vinod Kambli, Wasim Jaffer, Ajit Agarkar , Sameer Dighe, big names in the dressing room. To be very honest, after 16 years in first-class cricket, you are some kind of a senior pro. For a junior to adjust would have been a little different. But as a senior pro I took it in my stride. I knew I needed to adjust. I wasn't too long in that frame of mind that 'oh God, this is different'.
Staying in hotels after "home" games must be tough...
Chopra: You are not really in your comfort zone ever. That happened more at Dharamsala for me, and that was where playing as a professional eventually got to me. Logistically, I was challenged so much on every single count every single day that I had no gas left in the tank. We were playing in a small place called Amtar, small ground, very minimal facilities, no proper hotel. I was the only one staying at the ground. The phone connectivity was slightly better at the ground, and I wanted to stay connected to my family. I was eating at dhabas because hotels were not available. If you wanted to have a can of Diet Coke - it may be a very trivial example - you had to drive for almost 60-odd km.
Muzumdar: It was never a home game. Once you left your house in October, that was it. You had to finish the season and come back home. That was a big ask. Even with the hotel next to the ground [in Guwahati]. I could jump off from my hotel on to the ground. Luckily I had [former Mumbai team-mate] Sairaj Bahutule with me. Bang opposite the stadium there were also plenty of shops. There was a road where I and Sairaj used to go often. There was a buzz. It was right in the centre of the city.
What's the impact like on the family?
Chopra: Extremely difficult. The first two seasons were all right. I did not have a baby, my wife was travelling with me. Hrishikesh Kanitkar's mother would come to the ground. Some of the players' wives started coming because my wife Aakshi was there. Last season, Aakshi was pregnant. She could not come to Dharamsala, she would not have been able to anyway with the logistics. Aarna was born and I was away. To leave your one-month-old kid behind… it gets to you, it gets to your family as well, that you are playing domestic cricket in India, but you are still not there.
Muzumdar: Not only us, the family also has to make that adjustment. It is easier to play for Mumbai; if you have a game at hand, even in Trivandrum, there will be a flight in the evening to Mumbai. But that is not the case from other centres, that advantage is lost. It was a difficult phase for all of us. In the rare case I had a game close to Mumbai, I would hop on to a flight. There was never a Diwali celebrated, although both my and my daughter's birthdays are during the Diwali period.
How does one cope with relatively poorer facilities?
Chopra: After 10-15 years of first-class cricket, you felt you had earned the right to stay in a good hotel, sleep in a decent bed, good meals, gym, nets, these are the basic facilities you would want to have. Once that is not available, you find yourself fighting a new battle every day. And that can get to you. Someone who has played as a professional, if he is coming from a big state, or has played for India or IPL, he has been exposed to the nicer lifestyle, then beyond a point, he will realise 'hello, what have I got myself into'? That was one of the things in Dharamsala that made my decision to quit cricket much easier. I did not want to go through that again. I did not want to stay in a shady hotel, not having access to the internet, not having good food, struggling to have a proper bath because the water is muddy.
Muzumdar: The facilities were pretty okay, not great. When I first went to Guwahati it was raining so we were confined indoors. And I asked them, 'Wow, do you really have indoors?' At that time not many centres had indoor facilities. I was pleasantly surprised. But it was just under a stand. On concrete they had laid out a greenish, artificial wicket. And there was a bowling machine on, and you were going to bat. That was basically the indoor nets. I and Sai looked at each other and had a smile. But we took it in our stride. You had to make a lot of adjustment. There was only one ground, and you were confined to it. Now there is one more in Assam.
Amol Muzumdar.How important is the rapport with the adopted-state association?
Chopra: It helped that I had Tarak Sinha, who was handpicked by the [Rajasthan] association. They trusted him. The communication channel was open. I have played long enough to know that in cricket administration, you don't get everything you want. But at least you knew that you could fight and get certain things done. In Dharamsala it did not happen. I was the captain. Hemanth Kumar, who was hired as a pro, had three-four bad games. I wanted him to be around for at least one more game. But that communication channel was not open for me. I had no idea of the inner dynamics of the association and the repercussions of the team not doing well. I could not stop him from being dropped. Then you realise that this is not your association, you do not know these people. It is a new place, it will take time, and there are some collateral damages that you make peace with.
Muzumdar: I had a two year contract with Assam. I had never paid attention to all those things. That had never been my style of operation. I have always been on the ground, done my job. I was there to do a job, I would do it to the best of my ability, whether I was successful in that or not does not matter. I felt I did my best on the ground and off the field I do not know.
What about the pressure to score runs, while keeping a local player out?
Chopra: They will make sure that someone will quietly mention in your ear that 'boss, the runs have not come'. When you talk about the players, there will be some amount of discord, that some of their friends are being kept out because of you. If you have not made runs, and there is an 18-19 year-old local kid, why do you need Aakash Chopra or Hrishikesh Kanitkar? You understood by the body language. In the first season at Rajasthan, I started with 70-odd, and missed out in the second game. Third game, Tarak Sinha quietly told me, 'Aakash, you need to start scoring runs.' I was like I have played only two-three innings. But that is the kind of patience people have. And then I scored runs, a triple-century also. That season you did not look back, but it again came to hurt you next season. A couple of bad innings and you start hearing the murmurs, that 'no, the professionals are not doing enough'. At some level, you are not from the inside. You are from the outside and have come to play.
Muzumdar: No. That feeling was not there [that I was keeping someone out of the side]. I was there to help them grow as cricketers. I was there to do a certain job. The association had hired me to do a certain job. I am a professional cricketer. All those things do not matter. Emotions and all, you need to keep in the back.
The pressure was more in Mumbai. You really had to score runs for Mumbai . It was tough sometimes, couple of games and it used to get into your head that 'oh God, I need to score runs'. Every time I walked on to the ground, I had the same feeling, whether for Mumbai or Assam. I had to gauge what was happening in the middle, is the ball turning, swinging, or going off the track... That was my main concern. It did not matter where I played.
How much of mentoring is involved for professionals?
Chopra: I'll speak to people, motivate them, try and mentor them, even if there is no brief. It came naturally to me. It made my job easier. What happens with some teams is there are certain individuals who are not forthcoming, they do not ask, and you also stay in your comfort zone. If your opinion is sought you go that extra mile. With my access to the association being a bit more than others, we had made sure we kept the flock together. We wanted certain guys to continue playing, and be given ample opportunities. When you have done that much, naturally there is this sentiment that you want these guys to do well. You know them outside the ground as well, it is not just the number of runs they have scored or the number of wickets they have taken. I know what they have gone through, their personal stories, their hardships. I have seen them work hard, fret over a bad performance even at a dinner table. When you know all that, the understanding changes.
Muzumdar: Assam made me a better captain, in Andhra I came out as a better human being. Sometimes when you are playing for a side like Mumbai you are carried away by the luxuries that surround you. You ask for anything and you can get it. States like Assam and Andhra, the boys are good. You can see that they are genuinely trying. Not that in Mumbai they did not try. But they came from a subdued background in Assam, and my job was to lift them up. And if I have lifted a couple of them up in their careers, I have done my job.
You had to be a bigger motivator than a captain in Assam. In Mumbai you could lead the team, you knew that there was Rohit Sharma, Wasim Jaffer, Ajit Agarkar , they don't need to be told what they are supposed to do. They know exactly what is required of them. But over there some players needed motivation. That was my basic role. Not only to motivate, but at the end of the season or end of the two-year term, if I had changed them into better cricketers, I was happy.
Which was the best dressing room?
Chopra: Rajasthan. By a mile. First time I have seen people genuinely happy for each others' success, even if you are a competitor. That did not happen anywhere. I have seen all kinds of things happening in the Delhi dressing room. There are underlying jealousies, competition. When somebody gets out, nobody feels too bad about it. In Rajasthan, I have seen competitors helping each other out.
It was more like a family, we stayed together for three-four months. They would call my wife bhabhi and take care of her, she would constantly pray for these kids. In Delhi you went home. In Rajasthan nobody went home. That made a huge difference. If you are staying together, the level of camaraderie changes completely.
Muzumdar: Mumbai, without a shred of doubt. In Mumbai, although there was cut-throat competition, we were happy with each others' company. I could tell a Nilesh Kulkarni what to do in the dressing room or a Sairaj Bahutule could tell me 'Amol, come on, pick it up from here.' He could motivate me and tell me to my face that I needed to be on my guard. There was healthy competition with everyone.
Andhra I loved it and enjoyed the first year. Assam I felt there was a little bit of a burden. Burden is a harsh word actually. I felt everything was thrust upon me to make the team better.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

State actors in Pakistan trying to destabilise India: Rajnath‘State actors’ in Pakistan trying to destabilise India: Rajnath
PTI
Tweet
Guwahati, Nov 29:  
Blaming “state actors” in Pakistan for making attempts to destabilise India, the Home Minister, Rajnath Singh, today said that the neighbouring country has not abandoned its efforts to harm the country through “various tactics’’.
The Home Minister, while addressing the country’s top police brass, spoke on various issues, including threats from terror groups like al-Qaeda and said the country was geared up to face such challenges.
Inaugurating the annual conference of police chiefs, the Home Minister said Pakistan continues to take the alibi of “non-state actors” being involved in subversive activities in India.
“If non-state actors are involved in terrorist acts in India, then is ISI a non-state actor? It is the state actors who have a role in trying to destabilising our country.
Pakistan has not abandoned its efforts to harm India through various tactics,” he said.
During the conference, being held outside Delhi for the first time, Singh talked about the vanishing support to terror groups in Jammu and Kashmir and said Pakistan was still supporting such networks.
The recent heavy turnout during the first phase of polls in the State and attendance of people in political rallies was enough an indication for terror groups about the ground realities in the State, he said at the conference which has been organised by the Intelligence Bureau.
The meeting attended by DGPs and IGPs of all states, union territories and chief of paramilitary forces, would be addressed by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, tomorrow.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Costco Had A Great Month In November Despite Staying Closed On ThanksgivingCostco Had A Great Month In November Despite Staying Closed On Thanksgiving
AP/HuffPost
Updated:
12/04/2014  9:59 am EST
FILE - A shopper pushes a cart outside Costco Wholesale in Danvers, Mass. in this May 27, 2009 file photo. Costco's fiscal second-quarter net income fell 15 percent, hurt by softer sales of some non-food items, weaker gross margins in its fresh foods business and the impact of weaker foreign currency exchange rates on its international results. Its latest performance missed Wall Street's view. The stock declined in premarket trading on Thursday March 6, 2014. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola, File) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
ISSAQUAH, Wash. (AP) — Sales from the established stores of warehouse club operator Costco climbed 5 percent last month to top Wall Street expectations.
Analysts expected 3.7 percent growth, on average, according to Thomson Reuters.
The strong results come even though Costco stayed closed on Thanksgiving -- unlike many other retailers. Increasing competition for Black Friday shoppers has led many stores in recent years to start their holiday "doorbusters" a day early.
"Our employees work especially hard during the holiday season, and we simply believe that they deserve the opportunity to spend Thanksgiving with their families," Paul Latham, a spokesman for Costco, told The Huffington Post last year.
The Issaquah, Washington, company said Thursday that same-store sales from its U.S. locations climbed 7 percent, while they fell 1 percent internationally.
Sales at stores open at least a year is a key gauge of a retailer's health because it excludes the volatility from stores recently opened or closed.
The company said the Midwest Southeast and San Diego areas led U.S. results. Mexico, Taiwan and Canada were strong internationally.
Excluding lower gasoline prices and foreign currency fluctuations, sales at stores open at least a year increased 8 percent for the company, 9 percent in the United States and 7 percent internationally.
Costco's total November sales rose 7 percent to $9.43 billion, and revenue for its first quarter, which ended Nov. 23, also climbed 7 percent to $26.28 billion.
The company runs 671 warehouses, including 474 in the United States and Puerto Rico.
Shares climbed 81 cents to $143.50 Thursday before markets opened. The stock had climbed about 20 percent so far this year, as of Wednesday's market close.
More:

What Does It Take To Earn $90 000 As An Uber Driverreddit
If you want to pull down close to $90,000 a year as an Uber driver, you'll need to spend most of your waking hours behind the wheel working.
Drivers for the car-sharing service in New York probably need to put in close to 80 hours a week to make around $90,000 a year, according to a blog post from Uber released Monday that looked at New York City drivers offering rides on UberX -- the cheapest Uber option available, which lets drivers use their own non-luxury vehicles.
Uber made headlines this summer when it said that the median income for a New York City driver was $90,000 a year. But the company hadn’t provided much more detail until now.
A New York City Uber driver working a more reasonable 40 hour workweek would likely earn about $50,000 a year, or $25.17 an hour, on average, an Uber spokeswoman told The Huffington Post. That’s still about double what the average American taxi driver makes, according to Labor Department data.
Unlike typical taxi drivers, though, UberX drivers own their cars — and incur the expenses that come with that. Uber's new numbers do not take into account expenses like gas and vehicle insurance that drivers have to pay for.
For all the new information, it’s still difficult to nail down Uber’s numbers. For starters, Uber drivers in New York City likely are making more than drivers in many other places. The base fare for an UberX driver in New York is $3 , with an additional charge of 40 cents per minute and $2.15 per mile -- more expensive than many other cities in the U.S.
Also notable is the vast difference between hourly wages for part-time drivers and full-time drivers. The fewer hours an UberX driver works, the more range there is in the amount of money he or she makes -- anywhere from less than $10 per hour to nearly $60 per hour.
As a recent Buzzfeed article explained, part-time drivers can make more per hour than full-time drivers if they focus on working during " surge pricing " hours -- basically, Uber's term for the busiest periods, when fares can more than double in response to increased demand.
This chart from Uber shows the dramatic range in potential pay for UberX drivers who work part-time hours ( Uber )
There's also the issue of Uber price cuts , which drivers have said hurt their bottom line. Noel Olken , a Los Angeles-based actor and director who has been making his living primarily as a driver for Uber and Lyft since November 2013, agrees.
"I'm making less than half of what I made [when I started]," Olken told HuffPost. "It's as if you went to work one day and your boss said, we're going to give you 20 percent less this week, but we're going to give you more work to make up for it."
Olken said that when he started, he usually had between 120 and 130 fares a week. After gas and commission paid to Uber, he made between $950 and $1,100 a week, he said. Now, Olken said it's hard for him to make $500 per week in Los Angeles.
Uber's representative argued that price cuts should help business overall.
"With each price cut, we’ve seen rider demand increase, which mean more trips per hour and lower pick up times -- increasing the earning potential and creating better economics for drivers," the spokeswoman said in an email.
Of course, money for drivers is just one issue Uber's had to address in recent weeks. The company has been hit with allegations that it invaded a customer's privacy, and also found itself at the center of a firestorm after an executive suggested the company hire a team to dig up dirt on journalists.
Update: This story has been updated with additional information about Uber drivers' expenses.
More:

Australia toughens immigration laws but lets in more refugeesJindal Power moves SC, says being ‘doubly punished’, can’t pay fine
Australia’s conservative government today further tightened immigration laws to stop arrivals by sea but pledged to increase the overall refugee intake by 7,500 and free hundreds of children detained offshore.
The amendments to the Migration Act which see a return to controversial “temporary protection visas” passed through the lower house today morning after a late-night cliff-hanger debate in the upper house Senate.
“This is a win for Australia,” Prime Minister Tony Abbott said.
He confirmed several hundred children will be among 1,500 people released from detention centres and placed in the mainland community.
“We always said that three things were necessary to stop the boats — offshore processing, turning boats around and temporary protection visas and last night the final piece of policy was put in place.”
The temporary protection visas grant refugees protection in Australia for three years but do not allow them to settle for good.
“This will enable the government to deal with the backlog of 30,000 people who came to Australia illegally by boat under Labour,” Abbott told a press conference, referring to the previous government.
“These people, if they’re found to be refugees, will receive temporary protection visas which means that no one coming to Australia illegally by boat can expect to get permanent residency.”
Immigration Minister Scott Morrison said the official quota of refugees allowed into Australia would now go up to 18,750 a year.
“We have got stronger borders at sea because of the powers we’ve given our maritime agency,” he told reporters.
The legislation reflects the hardening attitudes Australian governments have taken against asylum-seekers attempting to enter the country on unauthorised boats.
Only one boat has reached the Australian mainland since December, compared to almost daily arrivals previously under the Labour administration, when hundreds of people died en route
The conservative government’s “Stop the Boats” policies include turning back asylum-seeker vessels approaching Australian waters, which Morrison said would “ensure that the deaths at sea and the cost and the chaos and tragedy that prevailed under the previous policies of the previous government will always be a thing of the past”.
The most recent case involved a people-smuggling boat carrying 38 Sri Lankans that was halted northwest of the Cocos Islands two weeks ago as it made its way to Australia.
TAGS: Australia Immigration
More from industry

Aviva eyes FPI assetsAviva eyes Friends Provident International assets
Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/556ef058-7c68-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bonomi raises offer for Club MedAndrea Bonomi raises offer for Club Med
Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a4deaf0-7c9c-11e4-b944-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jamie Dimon has no evidence of cancerJamie Dimon has ‘no evidence of cancer’
Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6651e82c-7c99-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Week in Review  December 6December 5, 2014 5:55 pm
Week in Review, December 6
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41b40eaa-7c7b-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nomura upbeat on India  sees FY15 GDP growth at 5.5%Biz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
India is heading towards growth with macroeconomic stability and its economy is likely to expand at 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal, Japanese brokerage firm Nomura said.
“We are positive about India’s growth. Our medium term view is that macro policies – both the policies that RBI is likely to follow and reforms that the Government is likely to announce – will lead to lesser volatility going forward and more macro stability,” Nomura Economist (India) Sonal Varma told reporters here.
She expects Asia’s third largest economy to grow at 5.5 per cent in FY15 and at around 6.5 per cent in FY16.
Varma said although there were concerns about growth not really picking up, as indicated by volatile factory output numbers and weak credit expansion, some of the indicators suggest India was already in the initial stage of business cycle recovery.
She said the government’s focus on clearing investment projects has reduced policy uncertainty and expects the investment cycle to pick up soon.
“We are calling 2015 a Goldilocks year (high growth & low inflation) for India because while we are still in the positive direction on growth, we think inflation will continue to moderate. So, this is not another business cycle where inflation will pick up.”
The global financial services major expects the price rate to ease and hover around 5-5.5 per cent next year. “The ease in inflation will be largely on account of domestic factors, particular fall in rural wages,” Varma said.
She said low inflation will provide RBI some room to cut policy rates. “Our base line expectation is the RBI will cut rates by 50 basis points in the first half of 2015. We are pencling in April and June as the likely timing.”
She said the country was comfortable on current account deficit (CAD) front and expects USD 27 billion in FDI inflows in FY15.
CAD is likely to be at sustainable levels of around 2 per cent of GDP this fiscal. The rupee is likely to be at 61.3 per dollar by end-2014 and 62 level by end-2015, she said.
According to Nomura, the Reserve Bank has likely reduced its foreign exchange intervention stance.
“Authorities are backing off from there (forex) intervention stance because we think they have accumulated the reserves they wanted to accumulate,” Nomura MD and Head of FX Strategy (Asia ex-Japan) Craig Chan said.
TAGS: Nomura
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

National Capital Region market at takeoff pointBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The residential real estate market in the National Capital Region (NCR) is slowly but steadily coming back to normalcy after the results of the draw for Delhi Development Authority’s flagship housing scheme was announced in November. While over 10 lakh applications were submitted for 25,040 flats across various categories in the city, market players say that a large number of unsuccessful applicants who were fence sitters in anticipation of success at the draw, have now started prospecting for a home. As a result, there has been a noticeable rise in the number of queries over the past couple of weeks.
Within a fortnight of the DDA draw, the government has notified the relaxation of the norms in foreign direct investment in construction where the minimum holding period has been done away with and the investment and built-up area threshold have been significantly reduced.
In addition, the possibility of Reserve Bank of India announcing an interest rate cut in the first quarter of 2015 in its monetary policy review is likely to give a renewed boost to the housing market in the months to come. But the mood is not the same across all micro-markets in the National Capital Region (NCR).
While Noida may benefit from entry of new buyers, Gurgaon may continue to suffer as prospective buyers are now getting attracted to the housing projects that are being launched under the affordable housing policy of the Haryana government.
Cause of the downturn
Industry players say that several reasons led to a decline in the real estate market in the National Capital Region (NCR). While a dip in demand resulted in an oversupply situation and a rise in inventory, the DDA housing scheme took a large number of prospective home buyers out of the market as they were awaiting the results of the draw before entering the market for their home purchase.
“Since the DDA draw has been announced, we have seen a significant rise in the number of flat bookings. Also, the number of queries have witnessed a jump,” said Honey Katiyal, MD, Investors Clinic. There are others who agree and say that while investors may not be knocking their doors, end users are getting into the market.
“While it is not a market for investors to get into, end users who are looking to buy a house have a good opportunity as the prices have corrected and many applicants of DDA housing scheme are now entering the market for their home purchase,” said Sandeep Singh Katiyar, CEO of Century 21 Real Estate India which is a leading residential real estate franchise sales organisation.
While the DDA scheme had its impact, market players feel that a hike in circle rate and increase in the Floor Area Ratio (FAR) in Noida from 2.75 to 3.5 also dampened the market. While the hike in circle rate affected the secondary market sale as the black money component is getting wiped out, the decision to raise the FAR to 3.5 in the year 2013, resulted into a 25 per cent jump in the inventory which dampened the market.
The hike in FAR limit increased the developers ability to construct more flats on the same parcel of land thereby reducing his cost and increasing the number of housing units to be sold. While this led to an overall rise in supply, it also resulted into price stagnation.
Optimism returns
The relaxation of FDI norms in construction will result into fund flow for the cash-strapped sector, say industry experts. Also RBI’s indication of a rate cut following a stable inflation regime has come as a breather for the interest rate sensitive sector. A rate cut will translate into cheaper home loans and is expected to prop the demand for residential houses and will result into faster absorption of the piled up inventory.
Though it has been a short period since the DDA auction results were announced, industry players have a sense of relief that home buyers are coming back to the market now and its largely the end users who are coming in.
While homebuyers have an opportunity to go for a good deal into a market where the prices have witnessed some correction, the attractive financing schemes are another factor that have helped the market improve.
In the recent past developers have been offering houses under the 10-80-10 scheme where they have to pay 10 per cent at the time of booking, 80 per cent bank finance and remaining 10 per cent at the time of possession.
“Under the scheme, the customer is not required to pay any EMI till the time of possession which has been the major concern for home buyers as a delay in delivery by the developer used to put pressure on the homebuyer. In this case the pressure is not there on homebuyers to service the EMI till the time he gets the possession,” said Katiyal.
Also with limited new launches over the last one year there is an expectation that the supply will remain limited which will further improve the market overall. Considering that home buyers are getting the opportunity to buy their house at a discount and there are attractive financing schemes being made available, it may be a good time to go for that home.
 
TAGS: DDA NCR
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

IndiGo tops aviation market shareDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
No-frills carrier IndiGo has captured almost one-third of the total market share in the domestic aviation market in the first 10 months of 2014, followed by state-run Air India and no frills SpiceJet tied at second place. New entrants into the market AirAsia India and Air Costa are yet to reach the 1% mark.
FLYING ABROAD
A proposal to relax the present policy of five years experience and 20 aircraft fleet criteria for approving domestic aircraft to operate on the international routes is under consideration of the civil aviation ministry. No final decision has yet been taken in the matter.
CONNECTIVITY
In order to provide connectivity to un-served and under-served areas of the country, a draft revised policy on regional and remote area air connectivity has been issued on August 25, for stakeholders’ comments which have since been received and are under process.
The incentives proposed to be provided, include exemption from landing and parking charges, Route Navigation & Facility Charges (RNFC), Passenger Service Fee (PSF), Fuel Throughput charges and any other charges levied by Airports Authority of India (AAI).
More from companies

Corrupt Apple executive sentenced to 1 year in prisonDec 06, 2014 at 12:25pm IST
Corrupt Apple executive sentenced to 1 year in prison
26
0
San Jose: A former Apple executive who sold some of the iPhone maker's secrets to suppliers will serve a year in prison and repay $4.5 million for his crimes.
Paul S Devine was sentenced in San Jose federal court earlier this week, more than three years after he pleaded guilty to wire fraud, conspiracy and money laundering. The US Attorney's office announced Devine's penalty Friday, but declined to explain the reason for the lengthy delay in his sentencing.
Devine faced up to 20 years in prison.
Paul Devine passed along confidential information to Apple suppliers and manufacturers who used the secrets to negotiate more favourable deals. ( Apple , via Shutterstock)
The scheme funneled millions in kickbacks to Devine for passing along confidential information to Apple suppliers and manufacturers who used the secrets to negotiate more favourable deals.
Devine was a global supply manager at Apple from 2005 until his 2010 arrest.
10

Assocham seeks PM intervention on gas supply cut for GujDec 06, 2014, 02.24 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Assocham seeks PM intervention on gas supply cut for Guj
A 58 percent reduction in gas supply has been in effect since September this year, affecting these 33 manufacturing units in the region.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Assocham seeks PM intervention on gas supply cut for Guj
A 58 percent reduction in gas supply has been in effect since September this year, affecting these 33 manufacturing units in the region.
Post your opinion here
 
Industry body Assocham has sought the intervention of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the matter of a sharp cut in natural gas supplies to small industries in south Gujarat, which has forced them to curtail production.
"Several of them are involved in exports of glass and ceramic products to western markets. They were set up here at the invitation of the government to utilise low pressure gas from isolated fields," said a letter sent yesterday by Assocham Secretary General D S Rawat, seeking Prime Minister's intervention.
It claimed that the action by Gas Authority of India Ltd ( GAIL ) to cut supply of APM gas by 58 per cent to 33 units has put 30,000 direct and 1.2 lakh indirect jobs at stake, since non-availability of gas is forcing these units to shut shop.
A 58 percent reduction in gas supply has been in effect since September this year, affecting these 33 manufacturing units in the region.
Based on Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB) guidelines, GAIL took the decision to curtail APM gas supplies to these units to meet demands of CNG consumers.
In its letter, Assocham also stated that the decision to cut the supply of cheap APM gas by 58 per cent to these units, is contrary to the spirit of the PM's 'Make In India' programme.
"While on one hand the government is committed to increase jobs and get foreign investment, on the other hand, the decision to cut gas supply impacts the viability of units contributing to the nation," the letter said.
The South Gujarat Small Gas Consumers' Association (SGSGCA) has been raising this issue at different fora ever since GAIL imposed the cut.
Assocham claimed that the 33 units consume only 1 percent of the total APM gas allocation of 60 million metric standard cubic meters per day (MMSCMD). Thus, if there is a shortage of gas and a cut in supply is inevitable, Assocham suggested "a uniform cut of 0.5 percent across the board" on the total domestic gas supply of 60 MMSCMD.
"Alternatively, the cut should be implemented first in the non-priority sector represented by steel, petrochemicals, and refineries," Assocham's letter said.
GAIL stock price
On December 10, 2014, GAIL India closed at Rs 414.55, down Rs 7.65, or 1.81 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 551.35 and the 52-week low was Rs 332.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 36.07 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 11.49. The latest book value of the company is Rs 213.42 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.94.
RELATED NEWS

XOLO launches  Omega  handsets  price starts from Rs 8 999XOLO launches two 'Omega' handsets priced Rs 8,999 onwards
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 09:27 IST
Photo: www.xolo.in
Smartphone maker XOLO has  announced the launch of two handsets under the Omega range, priced Rs 8,999 onwards.
The handsets - Omega 5.0 and Omega 5.5 - will be powered by 1.4 GHz octacore processor, 1GB RAM and XOLO's proprietary HIVE platform.
Omega 5.5, priced at Rs 9,999, comes with 5.5-inch display, 13MP rear and 2MP front camera, 2,600 mAh battery and will be available from December 20.

Need over $100 bn to revamp railways: PrabhuNeed over $100 billion to revamp railways, says Rail Minister Suresh Prabhu
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 7, 2014  | 09:06 IST
Photo: Reuters
"Railways needs investments of over $100 billion in next 3-4 years to transform itself and the government is working on a plan to attract funds including from overseas", Union Minister Suresh Prabhu said on Saturday.
"We want investments upward of $100 billion in next 3-4 years from multiple corners. We are gearing up for this. We are working within Indian missions overseas. We are working with Ministry of Finance and with all government machinery to make this happen", Prabhu said.
Speaking at 'India Economic Conclave', the Railways Minister said passengers are demanding tremendous improvement in railway services but the government does not have the level of funds which are required to meet that scale of investment.
"Operating ratio of railways is very low when you compare it to US. It is 20 point less than what it is in US. We have hardly any money left to make investment in railways. One thing that I am trying to do is attract huge investments in railways. I don't want to disclose the entire strategy now", Prabhu said.
The Minister said he has delegated powers of procurement to general managers in Railways, besides setting up a one-man panel to oversee that his decision in this regard is implemented smoothly.
"I am not going to look at any tender. I have delegated those powers to general managers and officers below them. I am going to make them accountable. I want to bring in a mix of incentive and disincentive to make it happen. I am going to incentivise good operations", Prabhu said.
The Minister said he will focus on outcomes as part of a new strategy to transform railways.

Week ends on optimism in LimaUpdated: December 6, 2014 08:31 IST
Week ends on optimism in Lima
Meena Menon
Tweet
AP
In this December 4, 2014 image, children gather to form an image of a tree around a sign that reads in Spanish "The world we want" on a beach during the Climate Change Conference in Lima, Peru.
TOPICS
climate change
The high-level segment begins next week.
As the first week of the UN climate talks draws to a close, the initial despair has turned to optimism but there is still a long way to go in terms of finalising key elements for contributions from countries or a draft agreement for Lima.
Saleemul Huq, the director of the International Centre for Climate Change & Development (ICCCAD), told The Hindu on Friday that the first week of the climate talks have a typical pattern - nothing gets done and the easiest thing for negotiators is to pass it on to the ministers. The high-level segment begins next week.
Even on simple issues, for instance on the composition of the Warsaw Mechanism on loss and damage, there is a difference of opinion on how the committee should be constituted and typically everything is kept in abeyance till the high level segment as the horse trading for the final agreement can only be done by politicians, he said.
However, he felt there was a positive momentum to the talks and there is an interest in an agreement. The Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDC) allow countries to present their targets but the key word between Lima and Paris next year to judge the success of how this works is ‘adequacy’, he pointed out.
The questions to ask are the targets of each country adequate and are there enough funds. “Everybody needs to do more,” he said, and more than agreements on specific texts, “we need more positive momentum on action.” Countries can do a lot more and the question of whether adaptation should be part of the INDCs is not mandatory, though the mitigation aspect is mandatory, he added.
Everything has to be looked through the lens of adequacy, he said and there are many things happening outside the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). The UN catalyses the process and the big difference between Copenhagen in 2009 and Lima countries are doing a lot more for climate change. “Countries are also learning by doing and generating a virtuous cycle of change, for instance in Bangladesh three million households are powered with solar energy, it’s a good thing to do,” he explained.
The Indian government too expressed satisfaction with the progress in talks so far. Its a work in progress, said Susheel Kumar, interim head of the Indian delegation. " We are quite hopeful that Lima will be more non partisan and keeping in mind the global divide, it is time such a non partisan view emerges. If this view doesn't get formed in Lima we don't have much time. Hereafter we just need to polish the text.. The skeleton has to be finalised and fleshed out over next year." 
The European Union too felt there was note of determined optimism to the talks and key parties were keen to advance the negotiations.
Elena Bardram of the EU said it hasn’t been all smooth sailing and real life negotiations seldom are but there is a lot of progress in the working method and it has provided assurance to parties.

Delhi woman alleges rape by cab driver  accused on the runThe cabbie even gave her a missed call from his mobile phone, police added.
Madhur Verma, DCP (north), said a medical exam had confirmed rape and an FIR had been lodged.
According to the complaint, the woman had gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7pm. One of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat only to wake up and find that the car had stopped at a secluded spot.
The car doors were locked. When she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed and assaulted her, police said.
Police sources said the woman had identified the driver as one Gaurav and even clicked his photo on her mobile phone.
"The woman clicked a photograph of the car's number plate and then made a PCR call to report the incident," police said.
The cab was later found abandoned in Mathura and the driver’s mobile phone, which has a GPS system, was switched off, the DCP said.
The woman is believed to have booked the cab through Uber, which, according to its website, connects "riders to drivers through our apps".
"A case has been registered at Sarai Rohilla police station under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
 
"Raids are being conducted to nab the driver, who is in his mid-30s," a police official said.
The cab company released a statement late Saturday night, confirming that the driver in question had been suspended. 
“We became aware of the incident this morning. Safety is Uber’s highest priority and we are working with the police as they investigate, and will assist them in any way we can,” the release said.
The incident comes at a time when the Capital is under a high-security alert following threats of a sensational terror attack by Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba. Vehicle checks have been stepped up across the city and anti-sabotage barricades put in place ahead of US President Barack Obama’s Republic Day visit to India.
(with PTI inputs)

From an emotional Clarke to a shocked Gauahar Khan: This week s top videosFrom the Rohtak girls taking justice in their own hands, to the emotional speech by Michael Clarke at Phil Hughes funeral, here is a roundup of this week’s most watched videos.
Advertisement
1. Phil Hughes funeral: Michael Clarke breaks down as he pays tribute to 'little brother'
2. Delhi Gay Pride: LGBT community answers all the silly questions anyone ever had on homosexuality
3. Haryana sisters thrash molesters in bus, mute passengers look on
4. Gauahar Khan slapped by a man for wearing this 'short dress'
5. Action Jackson review: Nonsensical film, do not take your brains to the theatres

BJP supporter harassed by TMC workers  burnt with cigarette buttsDec 06, 2014 at 11:11pm IST
BJP supporter harassed by TMC workers, burnt with cigarette butts
60
0
Kolkata: The political war between ruling Trinamool Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party is getting worse by the day.
A BJP supporter was allegedly picked up TMC workers in Hooghly and taken to the party's local office where he was beaten ruthlessly and burnt with cigarette butts.
The victim said that he was assaulted on resisting to shout slogans in support of West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee and the TMC.
The victim said that he was assaulted on resisting to shout slogans in support of West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee and the TMC.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Kashmir attacks: Families of martyrs bound by griefHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Gift-a-Pension: Initiative that aids domestic helps to save for their retirementCholamandalam
(India’s burgeoning middle…)
This September, A Mary, 47, got something she never thought she ever could — not a car or a home but a pension. A house help and a mother of two whose husband is a driver, Delhi-based Mary always viewed a pension as something only the affluent could afford — until her employer Kurt Strasser, a senior sector specialist at German development bank KfW, brought it within her reach.
Mary is a beneficiary of the Micro Pension Foundation's Gift-a-Pension initiative. Every month, Strasser gives her Rs 500 extra cash as part of her salary that she deposits in her pension account via one of the 2.5 lakh designated outlets. The Micro Pension Foundation has tie-ups with companies such as Eko, ItzCash and PayWorld, and when Mary deposits the money at one of these outlets, it gets credited instantly, with an SMS confirmation. "Old-age care is a challenge facing India. Gift-a-Pension is an excellent initiative to make a pension product accessible to lowincome Indians," says Strasser.
Gift-a-Pension is a first of sorts in the world, where a low-cost financial product has been created for the poor. It is also relevant in a country where over 90% of some 487 million workers are in the unorganised sector. Moreover, India has over 100 million who are over 60, and not even a tenth of them have access to a pension product.
At a time when the government is laying a thrust on financial inclusion, Gift-a-Pension demonstrates an efficient mechanism to deliver a financial product to India's poor. "It is a great initiative. No financial product today in India addresses this segment. High transaction costs for low-value products are a big deterrent. Micro Pension Foundation has done something that was difficult to do," says YSP Thorat, a former chairman of National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development and a board member of Micro Pension Foundation.
Gift-a-Pension is targeted at over 35 million domestic workers (maids, cooks, cleaners, drivers and the like) who earn enough to make ends meet but not enough to create a financial cushion for the autumns and winters of their lives. Whilst the facilitators of the scheme are employers, they don't need to worry about being weighed down by the scheme's financial and logistical burden.
The key role of the employers is at the beginning — understanding and explaining the product details and enabling online enrollment. Their co-contribution to the pension account is optional. And the product is structured such that illiterate workers can easily manage it even as they change employers and switch cities.
 
Sound Start
Launched in September, the response has been encouraging with over 1,000 employers registering so far. Over 350 have gifted a pension to their domestic help. Most of the enrollments are from Delhi / National Capital Region (91%), with Bengaluru (5%) and Mumbai (4%) bringing in the rest, says Parul Khanna, associate director, Micro Pension Foundation. Most of the beneficiaries are maids (45%), followed by drivers (27%) and cooks (13%). So far, almost half of the enrollments have been made using Aadhaar as proof of identity. Over 70% prefer monthly saving and 38% are putting away over Rs 500 monthly into their pension account. About 10% of the employers have also set up a systematic investment on their credit cards for automatic deductions. "I have enrolled my maid of eight years. I helped her enroll and paid the Rs 300 sign-up fee. Now, she takes care of it," says Mumbai-based Sonali Mehta-Rao, co-founder, MelaArtisans.com.
The Gift-a-Pension scheme has a helpline that is open from 8.30 am to 6.40 pm on all working days, with a staff of 20 in Pune and Bengaluru that can take queries in 14 regional languages. The man behind Gift-a-Pension is Gautam Bhardwaj, director of Micro Pension Foundation, for whom the scheme has been a gleam in the eye since 1990. The think-tank he founded, Invest India Economic Foundation, was the main architect of the National Pension System (NPS), which was rolled out by the government in 2004 for its workers. For the next five years, he worked with the government to open up NPS for all.
In 2010, after World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) funded pilots, Bhardwaj helped launch NPS Lite for the low-income segment. Alongside, he set up Invest India Micro Pension Services that worked with cooperatives and federations like SEWA and today has over 1 million pension accounts. He also worked with state governments like Rajasthan to help develop a co-contribution pension product where the government chips in Rs 1,000 a year. This plan was later adopted by the central government and rolled out as Swavalamban scheme — a pension scheme for the unorganised sector.

Buffett unseats Carlos Slim as world s riche...Warren Buffett unseats Mexico's Carlos Slim as world's second-richest person
Bloomberg Dec 7, 2014, 08.57AM IST
Tags:
Sunday ET
(Warren Buffett has become…)
NEW YORK: Warren Buffett has become the world's second-richest person after shares of Berkshire Hathaway reached a record high. The Omaha, Nebraska-based company has soared 27% this year as the dozens of operating businesses the 84-year-old chairman bought over the past five decades churned out record profit (Bill Gates is the richest person). "The all-time closing high stock price today [Friday] is due to a widening appreciation of what Berkshire really is, a fortress," Buffett biographer Andrew Kilpatrick said in an email on Friday.
With about $60 billion in cash at the company, "he could make a whopper of an acquisition at any moment". Berkshire's Class-A shares traded above $2,00,000 for the first time in August after a rally that followed the release of the company's annual report, in which Buffett wrote that the company's actual worth has been rising faster than suggested by metrics such as book value. Since that milestone, the shares have climbed another 13%, elevating Buffett's fortune to $73.7 billion, $300 million more than Mexico's Carlos Slim.
Berkshire's performance dwarfs that of America Movil SAB, the mobile-phone company controlled by Slim, which is up 6% for the year. Mexico's richest man needs to divest a large portion of America Movil assets in the country to reduce its market share below 50% and avoid profit-reducing penalties put in place as part of an overhaul of the nation's telecommunications market. The new rules force America Movil to cut its fees and share infrastructure with its competitors. Barring a downturn in global markets, Berkshire should finish 2014 with a flourish. It agreed last month to buy the Duracell battery business from Procter & Gamble in a stock swap, and in October said it would buy Van Tuyl Group, the largest closely held US automobile dealer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Everything you need to know about gold ETFsEverything you need to know about gold ETFs
Simplus Information Services –  Tue 28 Oct, 2014 2:05 PM IST
Print
Most of us love to invest in gold and Diwali is a good time to do so. However, gold comes with it the problem the safe and secure storage.
But all gold investments need not carry this burden.  A Gold Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) is a flexible option of owning gold without actually physically possessing it. The physical possession option can be exercised when needed but till then it can be held in de-materialized form just like a stock. It can even be sold like shares.
Here we explain all that you need to know about gold ETFs
1. What is Gold ETF? An exchange-traded-fund (ETF) is just like a mutual fund, except it is traded on the stock exchange. Just like mutual funds invest in multiple assets like stocks and bonds, the ETF too is based on its underlying assets. A gold ETF represents ownership of gold assets. They are highly regulated instruments listed on stock exchanges. Each ETF unit is equivalent to one gram of gold. Simply put, investing in a gold ETF is like buying paper or de-materialized form of gold. Once you buy a gold ETF, you will be handed a contract that shows the quantity of gold bought for the amount invested. The actual gold will be held by a custodian on your behalf.
2. Transparent pricing:  Gold prices change on an hourly basis every day. But, when you go out to buy gold, the price at the jeweler's shop may not reflect the hourly changes. This is the benefit of investing in an ETF. Just like shares, ETFs reflect the changes in the price on the stock exchange and is thus more transparent. When you buy an ETF, it is on the basis of the latest spot price.
3. High purity: When it comes to gold, purity is a big factor. It is not possible to be certain about purity of the gold bought from a jeweler, but there is no such worry with an ETF. It will always be of the highest purity. This is because the custodian responsible for storing your gold has to certify the purity levels when the ETF is converted into materialized form and the gold is physically delivered.
4. Easy to buy/sell: Selling or buying physical gold is not easy. You need to go to a jeweler’s shop, who may not give you the best price. An ETF, in contrast, can be easily bought or sold with just a click of a mouse from the stock exchange.
5.Taxation: Buying Gold ETFs is treated like a debt mutual fund investment. If sold before three years, the investment will attract a tax depending upon the slab you fall in. However, if you sell the ETFs after three years, it will attract long term capital gains of 20%.
6. Costs and charges: While owning and storing physical gold involves no expenses, the stock exchange imposes transaction costs on the trade of ETFs. This is levied on the purchase price. Moreover, the ETF management company also collects annual charges.
Related Video
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

Modi to meet CMs on new Plan panelModi to meet CMs on new Plan panel
Gold prices fall by Rs195 on weak global cuesGold prices fall by Rs195 on weak global cues
One loud cheer for Modi  don t be squeamish about it!One loud cheer for Modi  don t be squeamish about it!
Steep slide in oil prices is blessing for mostSteep slide in oil prices is blessing for most
Seven Khammam mandals in AP foldSeven Khammam mandals in AP fold
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec. 6:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government has completed the process of taking over the seven mandals that they got from Telangana as per the AP Re-Organisation Act. 
These mandals come under the submergence area once the Polavaram Project is completed.
"We have completed the administrative takeover process. All the government employees working in these areas will get salaries from Andhra Pradesh Government from December (salary payable in January)," Andhra Pradesh Chief Secretary I Y R Krishna Rao, has said after discussing the issue with Collectors of East and West Godavari districts.
The government will issue the Criminal Code jurisdiction notification in a week. A new Revenue Division would be set up with Yetipaka (near Bhadrachalam) as its headquarters to take care of the administration in these mandals.
Several Adivasi associations and non-governmental organisations have been opposing the Project and the transfer of mandals to Andhra Pradesh, saying that thousands of people would be uprooted.
But Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao (KCR) had gone on record saying that the government could do little as the Act called for transfer of the mandals to Andhra Pradesh.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

India has to focus on moral quotient too: Kiran BediIndia has to focus on ‘moral quotient’ too: Kiran Bedi
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Dec 6:  
Former IPS Officer Kiran Bedi said here on Saturday that India needed to focus on "moral quotient" along with IQ and EQ (emotional quotient).
Bedi speaking at the INFOCOM 2014 said if the Modi Government can walk the talk by making the officials start a working day "at the field"; results could be achieved faster than thought. 
"Make the Industry Minister start the work at an industrial unit or education secretary at a school or college," she said. 
Bedi suggested that the Government should also lay down an elaborate feedback mechanism to make a difference in governance. 
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

MRPL makes coastal dispatch of petcokeHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
MRPL makes coastal dispatch of petcoke
A J Vinayak
Tweet
Mangaluru, Dec 6:  
MRPL (Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd) has completed the first coastal dispatch of 6,200 tonnes of petroleum coke (petcoke). The dispatch was made through the barge, ‘Suryamukhi’, from New Mangalore Port on Saturday.
A press release by the company said here on Saturday that this petcoke parcel has been sold to Ramco Cements Ltd (formerly Madras Cements Ltd) in Tamil Nadu.
MRPL produces special grade ash-less petcoke for cement kilns. Petcoke is an end product from its delayed coker unit (DCU).
Commissioned in April, the DCU converts low-value short residue into high-value products such as gasoil, naphtha, LPG etc, thereby increasing the distillate yield, it said.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

New chief appointed for Telangana Tourism CorpNew chief appointed for Telangana Tourism Corp
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec. 6:  
The Telangana Government has appointed G.Kishan Rao, a retired bureaucrat and Special Officer of Shilparamam, as the full time Executive Chairman of the State Tourism Development Corporation. 
Kishan Rao assumed the charge on Saturday, a Chief Minister's Office said in a statement.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

States  UTs should adopt credit framework for skills: Smriti IraniStates, UTs should adopt credit framework for skills: Smriti Irani
Our Bureau 
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 6:  
In order to empower  students with choices and provide respectability to skill programmes, States and the Union Territories should adopt the credit framework for skills and education and the choice based credit system in universities, said Union Minister of Human Resource Development Smriti Irani on Saturday.
The Minister was speaking at the inauguration of a workshop on  Skills in Higher Education organised by the Department of Higher Education of the Ministry.  
Irani added that the Know Your College portal will help the students make informed choices.
About  2,00, 000 hours of lectures have been uploaded for students for various courses and disciplines, the statement from the Ministry of Human Resource Development said .
 The objective of the two-day National Consultation is to develop a complete architecture for skills in higher education
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

Rahul on terrorism: Need to crush destabilising attempts with resolveRahul on terrorism: Need to crush destabilising attempts with resolve
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 6:  
Condoling the death of security personnel and civilians in the terror attacks in Kashmir Valley, Rahul Gandhi today said that these “destabilising attempts need to be crushed with resolve”.
“I salute the martyrs of the armed and police forces and convey my deepest condolences to the families of the civilians killed in the deplorable and deliberate terror attacks in Jammu and Kashmir,” the Congress Vice President said in a statement.
He further said that these destabilising attempts, being escalated from across the border in Pakistan, need to be crushed with resolve.
“And the Congress Party stands firm with the people of the state and government agencies in their efforts to counter terror and terrorists,” Gandhi said.
Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s poll rally, Kashmir Valley was yesterday rocked by four terror attacks by militants from across the border that stormed an Army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel dead and killed two civilians in Tral.
The attacks and gun battles with security forces which in all left 21 people dead also included a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven militants. Srinagar and Shopian were the other two places where the militants struck.
They came just three days after a 72 per cent voter turnout was registered in the second phase of incident-free Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday in a rerun of record polling in the first phase.
Congress spokesperson and former External Affairs Minister Salman Khurshid had yesterday cautioned the Centre against falling prey to “self-complacency” in the State and asked the Modi government to “stand up a little bit and show the grit and determination”.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

Father slashes daughter s tongue for having affairNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
A man allegedly slashed his teenage daughter’s tongue after trying to strangulate her as a punishment for having an affair with a boy despite his disapproval, police said today.
The incident occurred at Adharmanik village under Dholahat police station in in South 24 Parganas district where the class IX student was having an affair with the boy.
Her father Mansoor Ali Lashkar had warned her not to continue any relation with him but she did not pay heed to it.
Angry with her disobedience, Lashkar tried to strangulate his daughter, hit her with a stick on the head and slashed her tongue with a sharp weapon last night, the police said.
During the whole exercise, the girl was held tightly by two locals. After the 15-year-old girl lost consciousness, she was dumped in a paddy field, the police said.
She was found in the morning by villagers and was admitted to the Sadar Hospital at Diamond Harbour in a serious condition.
Lashkar and his two aides were at large, the police said.
More from miscellaneous

Chelsea loses 2-1 at Newcastle for 1st defeatNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Chelsea missed out on setting a club record unbeaten run when Newcastle United’s Papiss Cisse struck twice in a 2-1 victory on Saturday which rocked the Premier League leaders.
Undefeated in 23 matches in all competitions since April’s Champions League semi-final against Atletico Madrid, Chelsea proved far from invincible as 10-man Newcastle survived a late barrage to secure a thrilling victory at St James’ Park.
Few could deny Newcastle deserved it.
They lost goalkeeper Rob Elliot to injury at halftime, replaced by young rookie Jak Alnwick, and were reduced to 10 men when Steven Taylor was dismissed after getting a second yellow card 10 minutes from the end.
Substitute Cisse, who replaced Remy Cabella after the break, put Newcastle in front after 57 minutes following a slip by Gary Cahill and struck again on the break 20 minutes later, seconds after Eden Hazard was denied an equaliser by the woodwork.
Didier Drogba’s majestic header halved the deficit and there were groans from the home fans when six minutes of added time were indicated.
Newcastle rode their luck, however, and Chelsea’s 14-match unbeaten start to the season, which had drawn comparisons with the Arsenal side that went through the 2003-04 league campaign unbeaten, was over.
Champions Manchester City can close the gap at the top to three points if they beat Everton later on Saturday.
Chelsea, with Diego Costa back in attack after missing the midweek win over Tottenham Hotspur through suspension, dominated for long periods but were unusually profligate in front of goal.
Willian should have scored midway through the first half but shot narrowly wide and the Brazilian forced Elliot into a diving save. Costa also failed to capitalise from a couple of dangerous situations.
Elliot limped off at halftime and failed to reappear, allowing 21-year-old Alnwick to make his first competitive appearance.
However, it was Newcastle’s second substitution that proved the most telling as Cisse strode on.
The Senegal striker had barely touched the ball when Sammy Ameobi’s low cross was not cleared by Cahill and he had the simplest of tasks to tap the ball past Thibaut Courtois.
Chelsea responded with Hazard hitting the post but Newcastle went further ahead after a counter-attack ended with Moussa Sissoko setting up Cisse for another tap-in.
Taylor’s sending-off and Drogba’s second goal of the week silenced the home crowd but Mourinho was left still waiting for his first away league victory over Newcastle.
TAGS: Chelsea Premier League
More from miscellaneous

Serial: inside a podcast phenomenonThe Diary — James Crabtree
. . .
Serial has been praised for the rigour of its journalism, and its presentation of multiple perspectives on the murder. For Melanie Bunce, a lecturer in journalism at City University in London and a self-confessed Serial addict, this has reduced the ethical doubts around it. “I can understand that people feel [the show is] making a drama of real people’s lives,” she says. “But . . . it’s more important than just entertainment.”
It is also true that Koenig is telling a story to entertain her listeners. And as it entertains them it cannot but bring back, in all its agonising detail, the murder of a beloved daughter, sister and friend to her family and other companions.
While some listeners express a moral “queasiness”, it does not seem to have inhibited others from, for example, speculating online about how it would be “much more fun” if Jay, a friend of Syed’s who received a plea bargain for testifying against him, turned out to be a “charming sociopath”.
The treatment of Jay, in particular, highlights the ethical dilemmas raised by Serial. Because the big question for listeners is, if Syed did not murder Lee, who did? Koenig’s careful reporting boundaries, intrusive as even they can sometimes seem, are not consistently respected on social media. Jay’s conversation with Koenig was not, at his behest, recorded and his surname is not used in the podcasts. Online, however, users dig through court records, school photographs and the postings of the judge involved in the case.
They also name names where Koenig does not, speculate wildly about Jay and other potential suspects, and pinpoint locations not just of the school or shops that were important landmarks in the murder trial but of people’s houses.
Bunce argues that the programme shows that “we could be liberating podcast content from the historical dependence on radio stations and institutions”. But for others the explosion of online material around Serial is more an indicator of how journalists are increasingly losing control of content.
Emily Bell, a former Guardian journalist who is now director of the Tow Center for Digital Journalism, pinpointed this malaise in the Reuters Memorial Lecture she gave last month. “If there is a free press, journalists are no longer in charge of it,” she said. “In encouraging the world to publish, the platform technologies now have a social purpose and responsibility far beyond their original intent.”
It is a responsibility that, Bell suggests, both journalists and social media have, so far, failed to live up to. Though some of Serial’s listeners, describing themselves as “purists”, refuse to take part in the multitude of debates that surround the show, more typical is the Slate Serial Spoiler host who says: “I can’t remember what it’s like to listen to just the Serial podcast feed.”
For, if Serial’s sprawl beyond its original podcast poses dangers, it also presents opportunities. “Producers have to take [social media] into the planning process,” says Bunce. “This has been growing for a while, fans wanting to be engaged in the making of a show.”
Indeed, Koenig is still editing the content of future Serial episodes, in part to take account of new contributions from listeners. On the other hand, it could also be argued that the path the show navigates between reporting and entertainment merely highlights an age-old conundrum for journalists. “Artistry is not the enemy,” says Katy Waldman in the Slate Serial Spoiler she co-hosts. “If you can tell the story well, it’s not disrespectful to Hae.”
. . .
Serial’s entertainment value similarly divides listeners over how new a format it really is. Bunce says the programme is as “new and radical” as Truman Capote’s In Cold Blood once was. Published in 1966, Capote’s book both shocked and captivated readers by using the pace and style of a novel to tell the true story of the 1959 murders of the Kansas farmer Herbert Clutter, his wife, and two of their four children.
But many of the offshoots of Serial’s success look pretty old and unradical. As well as discussing the show on social media, listeners are also talking about it in person — forming discussion groups at the Algonquin Hotel in New York (at a “sound table” to rival Dorothy Parker’s famous Round Table meetings there) or meeting up to listen to the podcast together. Its success may have less to do with new media and more to do with preoccupations familiar to every age and stage of history.
For Michael Bromley, professor in international journalism at City University, as for many Serial listeners, the podcast works because it has “gone back to an older style of journalism ” in which the investigation unfolds in a more winding and almost leisurely way than most modern storytelling.
Serial’s narrative style mimics the way we think, hesitant, unconvinced by something one minute, changing our mind the next. Koenig’s frank avowals of her uncertainties or, at times, her discouragements echo a universal human condition. “It seems to me we crave some way of understanding the immense complexity of life,” says Bromley.
. . .
While Serial may not represent a real departure from storytelling and reporting through the ages, it may do something more useful, and that is to provide a convincing model of how such reporting can be paid for. According to Edison Research, about 39m Americans, 15 per cent of the over-12 population, listened to a podcast last month, up from 12 per cent in 2013 and 9 per cent in 2008. Making money from them has, however, proved tantalisingly difficult. Paying per episode has not taken off, and providing potential advertisers with predicted audience size has been a very inexact science.
But as Serial has taken off, it has captured the attention of advertisers. Sponsored from the outset by email marketing provider MailChimp, it is now also supported by website publisher Squarespace, Amazon’s audio publishing arm Audible and NYT Now. These companies, themselves products of the digital revolution, see new opportunities in the close connection that forms between listeners and the voices in their ears.
“We’re seeing brands get very interested [in podcasts] because they see it as a way to have an intimate connection with listeners,” says Matt Lieber, co-founder of Gimlet Media, a new Brooklyn-based podcasting venture.
According to its chief executive Adam Sachs, Midroll, a podcast advertising company that places commercials in more than 150 shows, charges rates of between $20 and $30 per thousand impressions (calculated on a projected number of downloads per episode) — about five times the cost for traditional radio advertising. MailChimp says it paid in the range of $25-to $40 per thousand impressions for Serial. With downloads far exceeding the producers’ initial estimates, MailChimp “is getting a very good deal”, says Emily Condon.
MailChimp has benefited not just from its paid advertising but from the social media conversation. Even a mangled pronunciation of MailChimp from the company’s in-show ad has received more than 3,100 mentions (#MailKimp) on social media, according to Brandwatch. The company says it does not measure sign-ups resulting from podcast advertising — and Audible also declined to discuss the impact of its Serial ads — but Mark DiCristina, MailChimp’s marketing director, told Ad Week magazine that the company had seen a rise in sign-ups since the show started.
©Courtesy of ‘Serial’
Sarah Koenig, the reporter whose podcast ‘Serial’ investigates the crime and the conviction of Syed, who was jailed for the murder
Originally funded chiefly by the popular US radio programme This American Life, Serial may not need many “sponsors” (as podcast producers call their advertisers) for a second season. In episode nine, in a move familiar to regular audiences of US public radio and television broadcasters, Koenig made an appeal to listeners to donate, and one week later Serial’s producers announced that “between the money [listeners] donated and sponsorship, we will be able to make a second season”, although they declined to put a figure on the amount raised.
The listener-supported model has been successfully employed by other podcasts. For example, Radiotopia, a podcast network backed by PRX, a public media company that helps distribute This American Life, recently raised more than $620,000 on Kickstarter.
Of course, whether Serial’s funding model will provide a blueprint for other podcasts is, like the success of a second series, not a done deal. Much could depend on how this series ends. Although Koenig has said there could be more, the show is expected to have 12 episodes. And, while it appears clear by now that Syed’s conviction is unsound (his lawyers have pursued an appeals process for some years, and there will be a hearing in January), the big question for most listeners is whether, at the end of the programme, she will be able to tell us whether Syed is guilty or not of Lee’s murder.
“You might not stay listening if you didn’t think there was going to be resolution,” says Melanie Bunce. The format may not be reusable if the outcome disappoints. Koenig herself is unapologetic about the possibility.
“I’d rather disappoint many, many people than make some conclusion just because I’ve got to make . . . a satisfying story,” she told Slate’s Mike Pesca. “I hope that’s not where I lead all of my listeners but . . . I don’t know.”
If she doesn’t provide one, argued Pesca in the same interview, “the internet will rise up in a collective wail” and he pleaded with Koenig to reassure him that Serial would not “wind up being a contemplation on the nature of truth”.
For others, that possibility, or the light Serial has shed on the US justice system, the nature of investigative journalism, and even, more simply, how we tell whether people we know are telling the truth, are good enough takeaways from the series. The lack of a definitive conclusion would be disappointing but, as one Maryland-based listener put it, “that’s the nature of real life”.
“I feel like the word for this whole series has been ‘ambiguity’,” says another, 28-year-old Anna Maltby Patil. “The crime was ambiguous, the ‘evidence’ was ambiguous, the characters involved have been ambiguous, everyone’s opinions about the podcast itself have been pretty ambiguous. I think we’ll be able to do a lot of interpretation about that but I don’t know that Sarah is going to provide it for us . . . I don’t think I’ll feel let down, because the storytelling and the experience has been so amazing.”
Sarah Gordon is the FT’s business editor, Shannon Bond is its US media and marketing correspondent
Photographs: Courtesy of ‘Serial’; Baltimore Sun
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Houthi expansion threatens Yemeni strait© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/444765c0-59dc-11e4-9787-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dimon diagnosed with throat cancerJamie Dimon diagnosed with throat cancer
By Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/080d893e-0173-11e4-9750-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Regulation to hit credit costs  says DimonDimon warns regulation will push credit costs higher
By Tom Braithwaitein New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c5bff9cc-c027-11e3-bfbc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chairman Dimon can count on T Rowe PriceMay 19, 2013 4:33 am
Chairman Dimon can count on T Rowe Price support
By Ellen Kelleher
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/acb61c52-beea-11e2-87ff-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US immigration rules to benefit upto 1 70 00...Under Barack Obama's new immigration rules, upto 1,70,000 illegal Indians in US will benefit
7 Dec, 2014, 09.00AM IST
A large number of Indians will get a reprieve from having to leave the country through another provision, which allows spouses & children of green card holders to apply for a waiver from illegal status.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By: Sam Jillela
WASHINGTON, DC: Sundar Rao and his wife, Suma, along with their two children, Radha and Rama, arrived in the US on tourist visas in the summer of 2003. After overstaying their six-month visa period, the Raos fell "out-of-status", in the parlance of the US Citizenship and Immigration Services, and eventually became undocumented immigrants.
Under the current rules, the 49-year-old Sundar and Suma, 44, are candidates for deportation, just like most of the over 11 million other undocumented immigrants living in this country.
Help has come their way with US president Barack Obama's sweeping executive order on immigration two weeks ago, which gives protection from deportation to parents of American citizens and green card holders, provided they have been in the country since January 1, 2010.
The reason the Raos can now stay in the US and pursue a green card and eventual citizenship is Radha, their elder daughter, who is now an American citizen after her marriage to a US national.
Protection from Deportation
Rao and Suma will be among the thousands of undocumented immigrants who will be protected from deportation under the executive order. Based on estimates by the Pew Research Center, a Washington-based think tank, the executive action would provide relief to as many as 1,70,000 Indians who are in the US illegally. An additional, 13,500 are protected from deportation even under the current law.
According to Pew, there are 4,50,000 undocumented immigrants from India. In terms of percentage, Indians are the second largest beneficiaries after the Mexicans. Roughly, 44% of the 5.9 million Mexicans will benefit, they will "account for two-thirds of those who will be eligible for deportation relief under Obama's executive action", according to Pew.
A large number of Indians will also get a reprieve from having to leave the country through another provision of the Obama's order, which allows the spouses and children of green card holders to apply for a waiver from the illegal status — and eventually to apply for green card — without leaving the US.
Delhi-born Mukul Trivedi (name changed) will benefit from this specific ruling. The 33-year-old Northern Virginia resident came to the US in 2005 with an entertainment group on a P-1B visa. After he decided not to return to India with the troupe, he became an unauthorised immigrant. Two years ago, he married a legal permanent resident.
Trivedi doesn't have to go back to India to fix his immigration status. Previously, he was required to leave the country and reapply if he wanted to return to the US, and he would have been banned for up to 10 years. Both Rao and Trivedi welcomed the executive order. "It is a real Thanksgiving gift," Trivedi said.
Page 1 of 2

Arunachal Pradesh can take care of half of the country s power deficit(Excerpts from an exclusive…)
On infrastructure creation on the border
Earlier, we were deprived of the border infrastructure as the government of India's policy was not to build permanent infrastructure there. It was the UPA government that took a policy decision to build infrastructure. It was only in 2008 that the PM's special package of Rs 24,000 crore was announced for Arunachal Pradesh. Now, the cost of the projects under that package has gone up to Rs 36,000 crore. The package was mostly for connectivity, including trans-Arunachal highways connecting all district headquarters, and also connectivity near the international border [with China].
That will connect many of the habitations in border areas. It will also be useful for our armed forces and the movement of big machinery for hydroelectric projects that are expected to come up in the river basins. Also, the construction of advanced landing grounds at places such as Pasighat, Tezu, Ziro, Along, Mechuka and Vijay Nagar will increase connectivity. Those will be used both by military and civilians. I am hopeful that the projects under the 2008 package will be completed in another three to four years.
On the need for horizontal roads in the border areas to prevent migration of people into urban parts of the state
In September, we took two important cabinet decisions. First, we decided to approach the Centre to construct an industrial corridor connecting major habitations in the foothill areas — from Derapani in West Kameng district to Ruksing in East Siang district. The other decision was regarding the need for a road connecting all border habitations — right from Thingbu in Tawang district to Vijay Nagar in Changlang district. The Centre has recently expressed its desire to build a horizontal border road. This is in line with our Cabinet decision. The road will stop migration of the people living in border areas to the towns. Our administration has been extending housing, health and education schemes in those areas. Keeping in mind the extreme conditions in border areas, we have recently taken a decision to give free rice [up to 10 kg a month] for the people living in the border areas, as there is less economic activity there. I admit, migration has been happening, but it has not taken alarming proportions as yet. The main concern is that youths belonging to those areas are coming down to the urban areas.
On the BJP government at the Centre
I don't see any difficulty in getting our due despite there being a BJP government at the Centre. I hope the spirit of democracy is maintained. The Centre must treat all states equally irrespective of the party in power in a particular state.
On illicit opium cultivation
We are aware of this menace. In some areas, people have been cultivating opium for their economic sustainability. Some villagers use opium for medicinal purposes. But we are now giving them alternative means of livelihood — like ginger, cardamom and other cash crops. I have publicly appealed to the people to stop cultivating opium. But I can't stop it overnight. It will have to be a gradual process.
On hydroelectric projects
If the government takes the potential of Arunachal's hydroelectric power seriously, half of the power deficiency in the country will end. It's unfortunate that some NGOs in Assam have been blocking these projects. In this same valley, China has been building hydroelectric projects. China is building dams on Tsangpo river, which we call Siang in Arunachal Pradesh and Brahmaputra in Assam. They have already commissioned one project. They are building many other projects on the same river. But there are many stumbling blocks in implementing such projects here. The Lower Subansiri project [billed as the largest hydroelectric project in India, when completed], for example, has been suffering for the past three years. The work has been stalled and Rs 10 crore is being lost every day.
On trespassing by the Chinese Army
Till now, there has been no incidence of the Chinese harming our villagers. Until and unless there is any major provocation, our people living in the border areas are not scared. The Chinese army comes to the border, crosses over to our side, leaves some signs on trees or stones and then goes back. They don't stay inside our territory for a long period. But they have been lobbying around the world to portray Arunachal as a disputed territory. Because of the Chinese pressure, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank don't fund any project in Arunachal Pradesh. Now, they are convincing Japan not to fund any project in Arunachal Pradesh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1wH64zPFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news
Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CMu8EX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
75
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news
Kim Hjelmgaard and Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 4:42 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
711 CONNECT 198 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 75 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates.
Employers added 321,000 jobs in November — the largest one-month gain in more than two years, the Labor Department said. Those numbers -- which kept the jobless rate steady at 5.8% -- far exceeded most economists' expectations of 225,000 new jobs.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 0.3%, a gain of 59 points, to its new closing high of 17,958.79. Climbing 0.2%, or about 3 and a half points, was the S&P 500. Its new high is 2,075.37.
Both indexes hit their previous closing highs -- 17,912.62 and 2,074.33, respectively -- on Wednesday.
The Nasdaq composite gained 0.2%, or 11 points.
Starbucks powered to an-all time high as the coffee shop icon debuted a huge flagship Starbucks store in its hometown of Seattle. SBUX ended the day at $83.57 per share, a gain of 2.8%.
In other economic news, orders to U.S. factories slipped for a third straight month in October and would have fallen even more except for a big jump in defense orders.
The U.S. trade deficit fell slightly in October as exports rebounded while oil imports dipped to the lowest level in five years.
Consumers increased their borrowing in October but at a slightly slower pace than in the previous month as credit card use slowed.
Asian stocks ended higher. European shares saw solid gains, with the DAX of Germany and the CAC 40 of France vaulting 2.4% and 2.2% higher, respectively.
Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index added 0.2%. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 1.2%. Stocks in mainland China advanced 1.3%.
The Labor Department's payrolls report is expected to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.
On Thursday, the European Central Bank kept its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 0.05%, as expected.
"In spite of another downward revision to growth and inflation staff projections, the ECB delivered nothing but some futile communication changes," said Frederik Ducrozet, a senior economist at Credit Agricole Corp. "Draghi was not in a position to give any explicit signal at this point. This suggests that political hurdles to sovereign QE remain high."
Crude oil was down 46 cents at $66.50 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.

Centre asks Air India to slash expenses by 10%Centre asks Air India to slash expenses by 10%
Why development along McMahon Line matters1962 conflict
(ET Magazine travels to India’s…)
Metak Meyor's shop is a mini supermarket of sorts: it stocks grocery, vegetables, garments (from woollens to belts), footwear, personal care items (lip guards, Vicks VapoRub) and, for good measure, Bacardi Breezer and Bagpiper whisky. And there's that time-honoured symbol of telecommunication on the counter: a phone with an STD connection.
Meyor's crammed mini-mart is like any other you're likely to stumble upon in semiurban and rural India, and even in the farflung suburbs of big metros. The only difference is that this shop is a fair bit in the outbacks — to be precise the 35-year-old Meyor's smallyet-big bazaar is located in Musai, one of India's eastern-most villages that borders China.
Welcome to India's eastern-most administrative circle, Kibithu, nestled in Anjaw district of Arunachal Pradesh. Musai, and six other villages of Anjaw, fall within 15 kilometres of the McMahon Line that separates India from China.
Don't look for the border, though; there's no fencing and the armies on both sides guard their respective areas on the basis of what they perceive is their land. Standing on the bank of the Lohit river in Kibithu, it's difficult for a tourist to figure out which hill belongs to India and which to China — unless, of course, someone like Meyor offers to help you out.
Meyor, like the 260-odd residents of her village, has grown up hearing stories of the Chinese occupation of 1962. "My mother Chingdema is now 80 years old, but she vividly remembers the days when our village fell into the hands of the Chinese army," she says.
Shadows From the Past
In 1962, Brigadier NC Rawlley and his men held back the Chinese aggressors along the 37-km-long Kibithu-Walong stretch for 22 days. But with no road connectivity then to Tezu, the town located 230 km down the road from Walong, the Indian Army faced severe shortages of artillery, ammunition, food and winter clothing; they had little choice but to retreat on November 16, 1962, according to an inscription in Walong's war memorial.
The Chinese army came down to Changwinti, 90 km inside the Indian territory, but returned because there was no road onward. Achutso Chaitom, an 11-year-old lad then, saw the Chinese army trekking through the hills on the Indian side.
"The memories of 1962 still haunt us. But we are cent percent Indians and we don't want to be second-class citizens of China," says Chaitom, now the gaon burah (which literally means the 'eldest man') of Mechong village in Changwinti.
Then again, there is someone like Tope Meyor in Walong who says it does not really matter whether his house and his farm belong to India or China. "If it is written in our fate that we will be under Chinese occupation someday, we have to accept it," says Tope.
Akhraiso Ngadong from Towa village has a different take. "We have heard that China claims Arunachal Pradesh as its own. But we are not scared. The Indian Army is guarding us day and night," says Ngadong who works as a clerk in the state education department and rides his two-wheeler to attend office at Hayuliang, 22 km from his village.
  State of Affairs
Such a transection of opinion is valuable in a state that China claims as its own; in a state where the Chinese army is said to periodically cross to the Indian side; and in a state to which China has managed to stall funding for development, and continues with such attempts (see Why the McMahon Line Matters).
Whilst China has its strategic reasons for laying claim to Arunachal, it wouldn't be unfair to say that for many Indians, the state is just an appendage on a large map: it's too distant, too alien to comprehend and accept as a part of the collective Indian consciousness (whatever that may be); and that's reflected in the rising number of attacks on the 'outsiders' from Arunachal (as well as other parts of the northeast).
Arunachal, which is almost as large as West Bengal and larger than states like Punjab, Haryana and Himachal at almost 84,000 sq km, is distant — and the borders even more so.
This writer reached the border villages on Day 3 after crossing the Lohit river by ferry and travelling about 450 km from the Dibrugarh airport in Assam. There were two night halts, one at Tezu and the other at Hawai, the newly-built district headquarters of Anjaw.
Most of the villagers in the border areas wear their patriotism on their sleeve, never losing an opportunity to remind this writer that they are Indians. The lack of development and the fear of incursions are irritants but not large enough to upset their state of mind.
As one of the women in the border villages summed it up, quite simply: "How can we be unhappy when we have these hills and this river?"

CBS returns to Dish after 12-hour blackoutCBS returns to Dish after 12-hour blackout
Is Uber really worth the $40 billion valuationDec 06, 2014 at 12:46pm IST
Is Uber really worth the $40 billion valuation?
48
3
New York: Can a company that didn't exist five years ago, an upstart with a knack for angering regulators who could close it down, really be worth $40 billion?
That is the figure that had investors from Wall Street to Silicon Valley abuzz a day after Uber announced it had received more money from venture capitalists than any private company this year. The investment places a value on the car-service company that is higher than American Airlines or Kraft Foods - a stunning vote of confidence.
Or maybe it's just too optimistic.
$40 billion is more than double what investors valued the company at just six months ago. A breakdown of the pros and cons of an investment in Uber. ( Uber , via Shutterstock)
#uber #taxi hailing apps
"It gives me a nosebleed," says Sam Hamadeh, CEO of PrivCo, a research firm. "You're being asked to buy on pure speculation."
The cash infusion from investors - $1.2 billion for a small stake - comes at a time when values for private companies backed by venture capitalists are rising fast. New investments in Dropbox, a file-sharing service, and Airbnb, a website for people renting out their homes, have sent their valuations soaring.
But, at $40 billion, the prize may go to Uber. That is more than double what investors valued the company at just six months ago.
With an easy-to-use app, the company promises to tap a big market that links drivers and customers who need rides. But it also faces regulatory hurdles, competition and questions about how it will make money.
A breakdown of the pros and cons of an investment in Uber:
The promise:
Big market: Uber is offering car service in 250 cities in 50 countries now, up from 60 cities in 21 countries just a year ago. You can order a car using its popular mobile app in Asia, North America, and Europe. That's a big market. Taxi and limousine companies around the world generate maybe $100 billion a year, estimates New York University's Aswath Damodaran, a finance professor who blogs about Uber.
Powerful network effects: In some businesses, the more people who use a service, the more valuable it becomes. Think telephone companies or Facebook. With 1.35 billion people on Facebook, more people want to get on line to connect with friends, and that drives ad revenue. The same dynamic - called the network effect - may apply to Uber, at least on a local level. The idea is that more people using Uber will attract more drivers, which will cut wait times and attract still more drivers, which will attract more passengers in a virtuous feedback loop of growth and profits. "If you can get these networks going, it's very powerful," says Anand Sanwal, CEO of CB Insights, which tracks data on venture capital.
First taxis, next the world: Uber has its sights on expanding into many other businesses, like delivery services. It has teased customers with one-day deliveries of ice cream and kittens. Investors are hoping it will take on rental car companies like Hertz and Avis. Its payments system also offers promise as mobile wallets gain traction.
What else? How about subprime car loans? In a video promoting its financing program to potential Uber car drivers, Uber touts that anyone can buy or lease a car even if they have "bad credit or no credit at all."
"Based on its current car service business, you can't make the case (its valuation) is even close to $40 billion. But that's the not the pitch the company is making," says PrivCo's Hamadeh. "They can take on UPS, FedEx, even the Postal Service."
The perils:
Regulatory backlash: Uber has been accused of flouting rules and regulations as it muscles its way into the taxi business. The company is fighting regulatory battles in Chicago and Miami. In Nevada, some of its cars have been impounded. Anti-Uber protests have broken out in Europe. In Berlin and Frankfurt, the service has been banned.
Even its wins can sometime feel like a loss. Last month, Pennsylvania regulators granted Uber an "experimental license" to operate in much of the state, but warned that this was a "last chance" for the company, and that it should "abandon its anarchist ways."
Of course, there is another way of looking at regulatory backlash. According to a recent 50-page report from Morgan Stanley on Uber's threat to the rental car industry, "The level of acrimony is a testament to the success of the model and how starved consumers are for choice."
New competitors: Uber faces competition not just from a taxi industry eager to protect its turf, but from a bevy of smaller startups such as Lyft, Sidecar, Hailo and Bandwagon. Lyft, which was founded three years after Uber, is pitching a cheery corporate image, with pink moustaches on its cars and the slogan "your friend with a car." It hired a chief financial officer this week, a sign that its business is maturing.
Some cities also have local taxi hailing apps.
Where's the money?: Uber hasn't released key financial figures to the public, so valuing the company is guesswork. But it's a pretty safe bet that its revenue and profits, if there are any, don't justify its $40 billion valuation, says PrivCo's Hamadeh. To get to that number, you have to buy into a rosy vision of success in not just the taxi business, but many others, he says. "It's really blind faith that they can compete."
166

First week of UNEP talks ends on optimism in LimaUpdated: December 7, 2014 02:09 IST
First week of UNEP talks ends on optimism in Lima
Meena Menon
Tweet
Reuters
Part of the "Black Vultures" installation by artist Cristina Planas in the Villa Wetlands, south of Lima. The installation, made up of vultures sculpted on dead palm trees, represent workers collecting garbage.
TOPICS
climate change
Adequacy key word to determine success of targets set by countries
As the first week of the U.N. climate talks draws to a close, the initial despair has turned to optimism, but there is still a long way to go in terms of finalising key elements for contributions from countries or a draft agreement for Lima.
While the text of the key elements of the Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDC) and the draft for a Paris agreement are under discussion, developing countries are opposing the mitigation-centric approach of the developed world.
India and other countries are saying that National contributions cannot be mitigation-centric and have to include finance, technology and adaptation aspects. India is also opposed to an external mechanism to review targets it sets under the INDC. The tussle will spill over to the ministerial or high level segment next week. The timeframe of these pledges each country makes is also crucial and has not been debated.
There is controversy over a proposed review mechanism to determine if all pledges by countries were enough to ward off the devastating impacts of a warming world.
Saleemul Huq, director of the International Centre for Climate Change & Development (ICCCAD), and an adaptation expert, told The Hindu on Friday that the first week of the climate talks had a typical pattern — nothing gets done and the easiest thing for negotiators was to pass it on to the Ministers.
Even on simple issues, for instance on the composition of the Warsaw Mechanism on loss and damage, there was a difference of opinion on how the committee should be constituted and typically everything was kept in abeyance till the high-level segment as the horse trading for the final agreement could only be done by politicians, he said.
However, he felt there was a positive momentum to the talks and there was an interest in an agreement. The INDCs allow countries to present their targets, but the key word between Lima and Paris next year to judge the success of how this works was “adequacy,” he pointed out.
The questions to ask are: are the targets of each country adequate and are there enough funds? “Everybody needs to do more,” he said, and more than agreements on specific texts, “we need more positive momentum on action.”
Countries could do a lot more and the question of whether adaptation should be part of the INDCs was not mandatory, though the mitigation aspect was mandatory, he added.
Everything had to be looked through the lens of adequacy, he said and there were many things happening outside the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). The U.N. catalysed the process and the big difference between Copenhagen in 2009 and Lima was that countries were doing a lot more for climate change. “Countries are also learning by doing and generating a virtuous cycle of change, for instance in Bangladesh three million households are powered with solar energy, it’s a good thing to do,” he explained.
The Indian government too expressed satisfaction with the progress in talks so far. It’s a work in progress, said Susheel Kumar, interim head of the Indian delegation. “We are quite hopeful that Lima will be more non-partisan and keeping in mind the global divide, it is time such a non-partisan view emerges. If this view doesn’t get formed in Lima, we don’t have much time. Hereafter, we just need to polish the text..m The skeleton has to be finalised and fleshed out over next year.”
The European Union too felt there was note of determined optimism to the talks and key parties were keen to advance the negotiations.
Elena Bardram of the EU said it hasn’t been all smooth sailing and real life negotiations seldom are but there is a lot of progress in the working method and it has provided assurance to parties.

Spicejet refutes reports of DGCA s directive on large-scale cancellations27
0
New Delhi: After Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) rapped up SpiceJet over financial constraints, the airline on Sunday denied the reports of any large-scale cancellations asked by the aviation regulator. It has also rejected reports of pilot shortage and existing pilots being made to fly extra hours.
DGCA on Friday withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees in the next ten days.
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said, "DGCA is a regulator and has done its job. We hope SpiceJet will fly out of financial turbulence."
#spicejet #dgca #ashok gajapathi raju #airline
The DGCA had also directed the airline not to take bookings of flights over one month and refund the booking amount to the customers of cancelled flights in 30 days.
As many as 93 arrival and 93 departure slots were withdrawn by DGCA as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September, the sources had said.
The regulator would now on also carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles.
1

GSAT-16 launch to ease ISRO s capacity crunch a bitGSLV Mark III during a trial assembly using dummy stages carried out in 2012.
TOPICS
science and technology
European vehicle Ariane5 to put communication satellite in orbit from Kourou on Friday.
GSAT-16, the communications satellite being put in orbit for ISRO from French Guiana in the wee hours of Friday, December 5, will significantly improve the national space capacity with 48 transponders.
The addition is important as GSAT-16 comes up 11 months after the last Indian communication satellite; GSAT-14 was flown in January this year. In fact, this launch was advanced by about six months to meet user needs, ISRO Chairman, K.Radhakrishnan, noted ahead of the launch.
This is also the highest number of transponders packed into an Indian spacecraft so far, compared to 30-36 transponders in earlier ones of comparable 3-tonne size.
He told The Hindu on Wednesday, "Currently we have 188 transponders [from the INSAT/GSAT fleet]. With the 95 leased transponders the requirements are met. The new satellite will mean a major increase.”
ISRO has leased an additional 95 transponders on foreign satellites mainly for the use of private television broadcasters.
Inadequate satellite capacity has been a frequent complaint of private sector users - mainly broadcasters and VSAT operators. Once the new spacecraft starts working in the coming weeks, the issue of capacity crunch should somewhat ease as it reaches a total of 331 transponders, Dr. Radhakrishnan agreed.
With the next one, a similar GSAT-15, due to go in orbit in October next year, Dr. Radhakrishnan said, "Now we are not talking about very big [transponder] gaps. That phase has gone."
"For [further] requirement we have registered the foreign vendors whom we will be putting in touch with users. In case they not getting here will get them with foreign operators back to back arrangement pressure on capacity
"Of course we must also take care of it when older satellites get to the end of their lives. INSAT-3A, for example, is expected to come to an end in the next financial year. 3C may complete life in 2016-17. So we are replacing satellites on the one side, increasing the number on the other. As a third strategy, we have to put satellites with new capability, such as the GSAT-11."
The heavy, 4-to-6-tonne new class of advanced communication satellite, GSAT-11, is currently slated for 2016-17 and will create 32 spot beams.
About GSAT-16:
December 5, 2:08 a.m. (IST)
Mass

Yadav Singh executed projects worth 8 000cr in Noida in 12yrs: ReportFormer engineer-in-chief Yadav Singh had executed projects worth around Rs. 8,000 crore in Noida in the last 12 years, the Noida authority has said in a report.
Yadav Singh, former Noida chief engineer, who was removed over corruption allegations. (Ishwar Chand/HT Photo)
The figure excludes Singh’s involvement in the authority’s land allotment process for commercial, industrial and residential projects. This is being  tabulated separately.
The authority is preparing the report on instructions from the income tax department that raided 20 buildings connected to Singh in Noida, Ghaziabad and Delhi last month.
Singh was involved in infrastructure projects such as Ganga water supply, sewage pipelines, drainage, hospitals, parks and the metro. In the electrical department, Singh had signed bonds of more than Rs. 500 crore in last nine years. Signing a bond means releasing funds to firms after work is executed.
“He released Rs. 1 crore in 2002-03, Rs. 80 lakh in 2003-04, Rs. 135 crore in 2007-08, Rs. 67 crore in 2008-09, Rs. 40 crore in 2009-10, Rs. 112 crore in 2010-11, Rs. 200 crore in 2011-12 and around Rs. 4 crore in 2014-15 for various projects. IT officials think Singh lavishly transferred money to private agencies,” said a Noida authority official.
After the tax raids on Singh and companies related to his wife Kusumlata, the authority cancelled several projects.
“Singh headed the engineering, electrical, water, health and horticulture and other wings and executed projects worth nearly `4,200 crore from 2002 to 2014. He was involved in big infrastructure projects like Dalit Prerna Sthal, multi-specialty hospital and the metro, etc. Projects worth around another `4,000 crore were executed,” said a senior official.
Singh was engineer-in-chief of the Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway Authorities for 17 days, where he gave the go-ahead for 15 public projects — cancelled after the raids.    
Singh has since been removed from his post and attached to the CEO office. But he has remained absent without applying for leave, prompting the authority to issue him a show-cause notice.
Political connections
Singh enjoyed huge clout in political circles, managing to be in favour during both Mulayam and Mayawati’s tenures.
The Mayawati government — when the BSP formed a coalition in UP with BJP support— first appointed him as engineer-in-chief of the authority in 2002.
After the Samajwadi Party (SP) ousted the BSP in 2003, it transferred Singh and his associates. But he managed to make inroads into SP’s power corridors. Sanjeev Saran, then chief executive officer (CEO) of the authority, appointed Singh as head of the health and horticulture department on February 24, 2006. Saran had issued a special appointment order for Yadav and his five associates, who were left with no work when the SP came to power.  HT has a copy of the order.
“Because the Noida authority functions on orders from Lucknow, Singh had forged good relations with top leaders of both parties that ruled UP for the last 12 years. He never bothered about orders from IAS officers,” said a senior UP government official.
The SP and BSP denied links with Singh.
Narad Rai, UP minister for Khadi and village industries, said: “All allegations are baseless...the UP government will take action once the I-T or any other agency submits its report.”
Senior BSP leader Satish Awana said: “BSP government does not shelter or benefit Yadav Singh. Our government treated him like a normal engineer.”
The Congress countered. “Mulayam and Mayawati earned money from Noida by using officials like Singh,” said Raghuraj Singh, a Congress leader.
SIT cracks whip
The Special Investigating Team leading the investigations against Singh directed Saturday Anita Kapur, the chairperson of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), to monitor the search and seizure operations in the case in a clear sign that the noose maybe tightening around Singh.
SIT reviewed the pace of investigations in the matter that has grabbed national headlines in recent times. It is alleged that Singh has amassed an empire worth Rs. 900 crore. SIT has also asked the search officer to convey information to the director of enforcement directorate to take appropriate action and to investigate the possibility of money laundering. SIT would monitor the investigations thereafter.
"We are waiting for the report of the field officer in Uttar Pradesh," said a senior CBDT official. "We will decide the future course of investigations depending on what is there in the report. We are looking into this matter closely and seriously."

#Express5: A surplus Urdu teacher in Gujarat; Another rape inDelhiBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 8:35 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 8:43 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day

PM lauds scientists for successful launch of GSAT-16“Kudos to our scientists for the successful launch of GSAT-16", Narendra Modi tweeted.
TOPICS
space programme
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday hailed scientists for the successful launch of GSAT-16 communication satellite, saying it will become a major asset for the country’s space programme.
“Kudos to our scientists for the successful launch of GSAT-16. The communication satellite will become a major asset for our space programme,” the Prime Minister tweeted.
Kudos to our scientists for the successful launch of GSAT-16. The communication satellite will become a major asset for our space programme.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 7, 2014
“After the successful launch, GSAT-16 is in good health. ISRO’s Master Control Facility at Hassan has taken over the control of the satellite,” he noted.
GSAT-16 was successfully launched on board Arianespace rocket from the space port of Kourou in French Guiana in the early hours on Sunday.
In the dual rocket mission, GSAT-16 with 48 transponders, the largest-ever carried by a communication satellite built by Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), was ejected into space four minutes after its co-passenger DIRECTTV-14 spacecraft, designed to provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the U.S.
GSAT-16, a multi-application telecommunications satellite, will cover the entire Indian sub-continent.

http://usat.ly/1wz6FnkFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
'Gas war' breaks out when price falls below $2
How low are gas prices going? So low that "gas wars," a term not heard in many places since the early 1970s, are breaking out. With gas prices crashing, stations are scrambling to stay ahead of each other when
Post to Facebook
'Gas war' breaks out when price falls below $2 How low are gas prices going? So low that "gas wars," a term not heard in many places since the early 1970s, are breaking out. With gas prices crashing, stations are scrambling to stay ahead of each other when Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CHIxSF
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
75
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
'Gas war' breaks out when price falls below $2
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 7:10 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
Video Keywords road trip business segment Ford Expedition cheap gas OPEC Middle East Japan Europe United States China
The last time fuel was this cheap, at well under $3 a gallon nationally, was the fall of 2010. How long will we see these low prices? VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  You've probably noticed that getting around town has gotten cheaper
00:05  this year yeah we're talking about gas prices. Well under three
00:10  dollars a gallon now the last time prices were this low
00:13  was 2010. And you may remember that prices were going up.
00:18  And down quite a bit during that time we've actually seen
00:21  gas prices now in a pretty steady decline since the summer
00:24  of point fourteen. And that comes without a lot of volatility.
00:28  As you fill up for that road trip to grandma's house
00:30  for the holidays considered the market facts that are causing gas
00:34  prices to drop. It's simple supply and demand. US oil production
00:39  is on the rise and OPEC is maintaining its levels of
00:44  oil production they put that altogether. You combine it with slacking
00:47  demand in places like Japan and Europe and the United States.
00:51  And that's why the price of fuel at the pump it's
00:53  so cheap cheap gas needs more drivers. A little extra cash
00:57  in their bank accounts. And many are feeling pretty good about
01:00  it heading out to our dealerships to pick up you set
01:03  of wheels. And with gas prices low so called gas guzzlers
01:08  are all the rage our shoppers. Shifted their focus toward suvs
01:12  and pickup trucks these lines in November smallest and he's really
01:16  suck big boom with overall sales up about 1% overall business
01:19  segment. Even three grow larger crossovers and traditional big suvs I'd
01:24  like Ford Expedition ship I was goes all increased 456%. Pick
01:29  up trucks while full size pick up where about 10% over
01:32  also another good month for them. Enjoyed driving around on that
01:35  cheap gas while it laugh as the old saying goes what
01:39  goes up. Must come down or in this case gas prices
01:42  that have gone down we'll eventually start. Back up again federal
01:47  officials are expecting demand to pick up in 2015. Particularly in
01:52  the Middle East and China but there is a silver lining.
01:56  Now the good news for consumers. Is the cars here in
01:59  the United States are more fuel efficient than they've ever been
02:02  that means your typical late model car you would feel prices
02:04  go up. We'll be more fuel efficient than the same late
02:07  model car maybe five years.
Rachel Schupack of Philadelphia pumps gas at a Wawa in Glen Mills, Pa.
(Photo: Eileen Blass, USA TODAY)
7622 CONNECT 117 TWEET 14 LINKEDIN 75 COMMENTEMAILMORE
How low are gas prices going? So low that "gas wars," a term not heard in many places since the early 1970s, are breaking out.
With gasoline prices crashing, stations are scrambling to stay ahead of each other when it comes to price cuts. It's a boon to consumers who have long griped about sky-high gas prices.
When a new station in Oklahoma City just priced its gas at $1.99 a gallon, a rival down the street cut the price by a penny — to $1.98 a gallon. It had to, reports Bloomberg News: At $1.99, cars were lined up in droves at the OnCue station on Shields Boulevard.
Bloomberg cites GasBiuddy.com as crediting OnCue with becoming one of the  first stations in the country to cut the price below $2 a gallon since oil prices started to plunge recently. The gas war is reminiscent  of the 1960s and 1970s when stations routinely vied to offer the cheapest gas, knowing their big price signs out front were sure to bring in customers. They also wooed motorists with gifts and gimmicks, like trading stamps or dinnerware.
Lower gas prices could spark similar price battles around the country. The average price of a gallon of regular gas Wednesday was $2.746, down more than 50 cents from a year ago, according to AAA's Fuel Gauge Report . In the oil-producing state of Oklahoma, it was even cheaper: an average of $2.532 a gallon.
As much as the OnCue station in "OK City" wanted to make an impact, it didn't last long. Bloomberg reports that in the evening, a station in the suburb of Moore beat them all with gas at $1.95 a gallon.
The wars are sure to continue.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CHIxSF
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

#Express5: A surplus Urdu teacher in Gujarat; Another rape in DelhiBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 8:35 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 8:43 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day

Govt eases norms for e-rickshaws in NCRGovt eases norms for e-rickshaws in NCR
Our Bureau
Allowed to carry 4 passengers, 40 kg luggage; e-carts can transport goods up to 310 kg
New Delhi, December 5:  
Paving the way for environment-friendly transportation, the Union Cabinet on Friday approved easier norms for battery-operated e-rickshaws in the National Capital Region (NCR). The e-rickshaws were banned by the Delhi High Court late in July over safety concerns.
“The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways has notified rules under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, to bring e-rickshaws and e-carts within the legal framework, ensuring tests for approval of prototypes for safety standards before registration of the vehicles. Such vehicles have been allowed limited power and speed (25 kmph),” an official release said.
New rules
The new rules provide that e-rickshaws will be allowed to carry four passengers and 40-kg of luggage, while e-carts can transport goods up to 310 kg. The Cabinet said e-rickshaws and e-carts provide affordable and clean last-mile connectivity in the transport system and proposed to remove difficulties in granting licences to the drivers of these vehicles.
Under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, no person can be granted a learner’s licence to drive a transport vehicle unless he/she has held the driving licence for at least one year, it said.
“As most of the e-rickshaw and e-cart drivers do not have a licence, the existing provision will debar them from operating e-rickshaws/e-carts for the next one year,” the Cabinet decision said. To remove this difficulty, the Government has waived the one-year norm for licences for e-rickshaw and e-cart drivers.
Definition included
“In addition, the definition of e-rickshaw and e-cart has been included under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988,” the release added. In October, the Government had notified the rules for plying of e-rickshaws, making a driver’s licence mandatory to operate them and limiting the maximum speed to 25 kmph.
The Delhi High Court had said the illegally running e-rickshaws were hazardous to other traffic as well as citizens. One reason cited was the overloading of these vehicles when they had a provision to carry only four people, at the most.
But the Centre and associations of e-rickshaw owners moved the court requesting a review of the order banning e-rickshaws, as the livelihood of many people would be affected by the ban. The Minister of Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari, had also supported the cause.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Grenades  food items  GPS entries: Pak signature all over J-K attacksComments
Grenades with the markings of a Rawalpindi ordnance factory, made-in-Pakistan biscuits and chocolates, telling GPS entries — Pakistan’s signature is all over the recent terror strikes in Jammu and Kashmir, counter-terror experts and top army sources told HT on Saturday.
Indian defence personnel gather near the scene of a gunfight with suspected rebels on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
These items were recovered from the possession of 12 fidayeen (suicide attackers) who struck Uri, Soura and Arnia in the last eight days. Investigations into the three attacks reveal a well-thought-out plan by the Lashkar-e-Taiba — with active help from Islamabad — to disrupt the assembly elections that have seen peaceful polling and record turnouts, the sources said.
“The terror attacks have an unmistakable Pakistan stamp. The GPS entries are proof of it. The suicide bombers who attacked Uri entered from the Line of Control. GPS entries record that,” Northern Army commander Lt Gen DS Hooda told HT.
Four terrorists had attacked an army camp in Jammu’s Arnia sector on November 27, a day before Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the region for a rally. Similarly, six gunmen hit the Uri army base and another two tried to kill innocents in Soura near Srinagar on Friday — again, days ahead of the PM’s rally in the capital.
Twenty-one people, including 14 security personnel, as well as all 12 terrorists were killed. Friday saw two more terror strikes in the Valley that left two civilians dead.
The GPS units of the terrorists in Arnia, which is 3km from the International Border (IB), showed Sialkot as their last known position on November 24.
Those of the Uri attackers showed they’d been in Chham, a known militant launching pad across the LoC, on December 3 and had crossed over at least one day before the attack, investigators said.
The IB is patrolled by the Pakistan Rangers and the BSF on the Indian side while the LoC is manned by the two armies. Investigators are convinced the intruders couldn’t have crossed over without the connivance of Pakistani troops.
According to the investigators, the Uri gunmen carried ready-to-eat meal packets (pav bhaji, chicken achari, dry fruits, etc) regularly used by the Pakistan army, and packets of made-in-Pakistan ‘Super Biscuits’ and chocolates. They had 37 grenades with markings of an ordnance factory in Rawalpindi’s Wah Cantonment and 1,500 rounds of ammunition.
“They came prepared for the long haul,” Lt Gen Hooda, who accompanied army chief General Dalbir Singh to Uri on Saturday, told HT.
The counter-terror sources said the suicide mission plan was conceived in Pakistan around November 20, before the first phase of elections. The Uri and Soura attackers were dressed in black Pathan suits.
The body of Qari Asrar, a Lashkar commander gunned down by security forces in Soura, was totally shaved — a custom followed by most fidayeen. Police suspect the other Soura attacker was Lashkar operative Irshad Ganai, a Kashmiri suspected of involvement in the 2013 Hyderpora firing incident in which 9 armymen were killed.
The Arnia attackers wore thigh-high gumboots to cross a rivulet during the infiltration and rubber gloves to cut the wire fencing, the sources said. These were found with their clothes in a nearby village, abandoned after the men changed into battle fatigues.
Investigators said the Uri attack could have snowballed had the gunmen managed to get into an adjacent camp of the Border Roads Organisation. “We were able to contain the terrorists who attempted to cut the wire and enter the BRO facility where many families were staying,” Lt Gen Hooda said.
“There are 140 people in the BRO camp. If the terrorists had got in, they may have attempted to take civilians hostage,” said an army official.
“As the firefight started in the Uri camp, some of the terrorists fired towards the living quarters. One jawan managed to escape but four others were burnt to death as the structure caught fire.”
The army has issued fresh orders to its units in J&K to secure fortifications and be prepared for more suicide attacks. “The high voter turnout has rattled the Pakistani establishment and only two of the five phases of polling have been completed so far.”
While disrupting the elections was the main target, sources said the attacks were also synchronized with Lashkar founder and 26/11 mastermind Hafiz Saeed’s two-day congregation in Lahore to boost the terror group’s credibility and its commitment to ‘liberate’ Kashmir.

Basel: The unique city with cross-cultural i...A light, cold drizzle coupled with dull grey light added to the gloom; people rushed about, heads bent and huddled under their umbrellas.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Anita Rao Kashi
As first impressions go, Basel was a bit disappointing. I stepped out of the railway station and into a maze of tram tracks with electric lines crisscrossing overhead. It all looked industrial and dreary. A light, cold drizzle coupled with dull grey light added to the gloom; people rushed about, heads bent and huddled under their umbrellas. I was glad that my hotel was just across the station and hurried into its warmth, even as a mild apprehension played at the back of the mind that the trip could be a complete washout.
A thin sliver of light woke me up next morning and I gingerly peeked out to find the most glorious dawn preparing to unleash its cheer. By the time I stepped out, the sun was fully out, bathing everything in brilliance. Linden trees everywhere had just begun to turn yellow. I was eager to get started and met my guide Annelis for a day of walking around the Old City or Alstadt.
As we headed towards the city centre, Annelis gave me a lowdown on the unique city that effortlessly juxtaposed medieval, traditional, modern, cosmopolitan and cross-cultural influences. At the heart of the city's soul was its geography: Basel sits on the Rhine and is a Dreilandereck or a tri-point, where the borders of three countries meet — Switzerland, France and Germany. But for me, the more surreal aspect was that a few minutes of driving on the highway or cruising the Rhine took one into either Germany or France.
While I tried to comprehend this, Annelis switched gears to give me a gist of Basel's history. Going back at least 2,000 years to the Celts, Basel's history encompassed the Romans and its latter-day association with the Swiss Confederacy.
The city developed into an academic and cultural centre in the middle ages, earning the epithet of the cultural capital of Switzerland. As if to reinforce this point, the city is home to 36 museums dedicated to a range of genres — art, sculpture, design and history to musical instruments, toys and cartoons, and even unusual things such as history of burial and fire-fighting! By now we had reached the heart of the old city and I headed to the city's most famous landmark, the Munster or Cathedral, located on a hillock with cobbled lanes leading from it. Made from red sandstone and built in a mix of late Romanesque and early Gothic styles, the cathedral's twin steeples rose into the bright blue sky. I was told it was first built in the 11th century, and then renovated extensively over the centuries. I was fascinated by the intricately sculpted portal on the Western side while the facade had elaborate carvings, including a depiction of St George slaying the dragon. I also found a large plaque dedicated to the famous priest and theologian Erasmus Roterodamus buried in the cathedral.
Back into History
Round the corner from the main entrance of the cathedral, a little door led to the cloister behind which were beautifully arched corridors, stone plaques on walls and sculptures. A quiet serenity pervaded and Annelis' voice echoed as she explained things. I then wandered off, gazing at plaques and marvelling at the roof studded with thousands of white, orange, green and purple ceramic tiles in geometric patterns. Stepping out from the cloister, I was brought up short by an arresting sight — I was in a courtyard filled with yellowing linden trees which sat high above the Rhine.
A cool breeze blew across, carrying a sappy smell and I sat on a low stone wall and watched an anachronistic ferry transporting people from one side of the river to the other. The breeze also brought with it snatches of lively conversation in Swiss German from across the bank. It came from a group of old men engaged in a rambunctious game of petanque, a French sport in which players take turns to throw large, hollow, greyish metal balls towards a target.
The whole scene was idyllic and I reluctantly turned away to stroll along the river for a few minutes before turning into a narrow cobbled street which suddenly opened out into the crowded Marktplatz, or Market Square. Located in the heart of the Old City, the square was abuzz with the sound of green and blue trams whizzing by, and a plethora of busy restaurants, cafes and stores. But my attention was grabbed by the bright red 16th century Rathaus or City Hall, the seat of Basel government. The Renaissance-style building with frescos both on the facade and on the inside walls was arresting. More fascinating was the inner courtyard which was a riot of deep colours and had an imposing statue of Munatius Plancus, the founder of the Roman settlement in the Basel region.

RIL Mexico company sign deal to explore oil and gasRIL Mexico company sign deal to explore oil and gas
Ex-Noida Authority official Yadav Singh on blackmoney SIT radarEx-Noida Authority official Yadav Singh on blackmoney SIT radar
Trade union strike in Brussels forces Jet Airways to cancel four flightsTrade union strike in Brussels forces Jet Airways to cancel four flights
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 6:  
Jet Airways today announced cancellation of four flights to and from Brussels, as also to Newark and Toronto, on Monday following a strike called by all major trade unions in Belgium.
The premier private carrier said its Delhi—Brussels— Toronto flight (9W—230) of December 8, Mumbai—Brussels— Newark service (9W—228) of December 8, Newark—Brussels— Mumbai (9W—227) and 9W229 Toronto—Brussels—Delhi of December 8, have been cancelled.
An airline spokesperson said the planned industrial unrest in Belgium on Monday “will directly affect flight operations out of Brussels airport“.
To minimise disruption, passengers were being re- accommodated on flights through Paris and Abu Dhabi.
Other options like rescheduling of flights, postponing travel dates up to ten days from the original date without any fees or refunds without cancellation were also being offered to passengers who have purchased tickets to travel to, from or via Brussels on December 8 and who now wish to change their flight plans, the spokesperson said.
“Jet Airways is doing everything possible to minimise the impact of this disruption, which is beyond our control and we sincerely regret the inconvenience caused,” she added.
A series of strikes have been planned in Belgium on Monday which are likely to disrupt all modes like ship movement, road, rail and air transport, with the unions protesting austerity measures announced by the country’s new government.
The regional strikes would be followed by a nationwide strike on December 15, according to reports from Brussels.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

TANGEDCO s bad finances harming TN s MSMEsTamil Nadu consumers are about to face another hike in electricity tariffs due to the blunders by a shabbily run government power utility.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Sandhya Ravishankar
James, 47, has aged visibly in the past two years. Business is much the same, but the troubles, he says, have increased manifold. James runs a small lathe business in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu and he breaks into a frown when the subject of power comes up. "We do a turnover of Rs 1 lakh a month," he says. "Even before 2012, business was the same. But at that time, I was able to save Rs 5,000 to Rs 10,000 a month. Now, if I break even, it is a big deal for me," he says.
James is one of lakhs of medium, small and micro entrepreneurs (MSMEs) in Tamil Nadu bearing the brunt of the state's power turmoil. In 2012, after a gap of seven years, the Tamil Nadu government bit the bullet and hiked power tariffs across the board by 37%, a long pending reform. "Before 2012, we used to pay around Rs 3.50 per unit, so in a month my expenses on power were about Rs 4,000 to Rs 5,000," says James. "After they hiked the tariff, our building owner passed on all the extra costs to us and the rate went up to Rs 7.50 per unit for all practical purposes. Now I shell out Rs 13,000 a month just for power to run my small business," he rues.
James has five lathe machines and employs five labourers. Rent and the electricity bill consume most of his revenues. The situation, he says, is marginally better now. At least power is available as against last summer when there were massive power cuts. Now, the state power utility Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) has only imposed a 20% power cut on industrial consumers. "Once a year, we used to buy some jewellery, some clothes but now all those purchases have stopped," says James. "We have no savings at all." Small wonder then that MSMEs in the state have been protesting another round of power tariff hikes by power regulator Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC).
In September this year, TNERC notified a proposed hike in electricity tariffs, clarifying that TANGEDCO was in critical need of additional funds. The order said the tariff hike would help bridge Rs 6,854 crore in revenue deficit. Domestic and commercial users would pay 15% more while industrial users would take a hit of a 31% hike. Subsequent public meetings held by the Commission saw display of anger and concern from MSMEs and the public at large. Former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa stated that her government would provide adequate subsidy to protect the poorest of the poor from the ballooning power bills. But anxiety has boiled over in the state. "We will have to shut down if power tariff is hiked," laments James. "Industries are already heading to Gujarat because in Ahmedabad, lathe factories do rough casting and machining for Rs 58 a kg. We offer only rough casting for Rs 65 a kg, thanks to the power issue. We have asked for appointments with the electricity minister, industries minister and the chief minister but there has been no response."
In neighbouring Tirupur, Textile Exporters' Association chief Sakthivel concurs. "We requested the government to waive power tariff hike for exporters since it is a labour-oriented industry," he says. "It is affecting our pricing."
Page 1 of 3

Cricket has to go on  the game will go onMore
Indians focused on Test as skipper Dhoni arrives
The tourists, like the Australians, are coming to terms with the tragic death of Test batsman Phillip Hughes, which plunged the cricket world into mourning.
AFP –  Sat 6 Dec, 2014 2:54 PM IST
0
Shikhar Dhawan speaks to media in Adelaide.
ADELAIDE - India's players say they are focused on next week's opening Test as MS Dhoni's arrival in Australia Saturday raised hopes he may lead his team against the home side at the Adelaide Oval.
The tourists, like the Australians, are coming to terms with the tragic death of Test batsman Phillip Hughes , which plunged the cricket world into mourning.
The Indians are preparing for Tuesday's Test after a couple of two-day games against a Cricket Australia XI, while the Australian squad only begun training on Friday following the funeral of Hughes on Wednesday.
The rescheduling of the Test series has opened the door for Dhoni to lead the Indians in the series opener in Adelaide.
Dhoni would have missed the originally scheduled first Test in Brisbane, slated to start last Thursday, because of a long-standing wrist injury.
Dhoni flew into Adelaide on Saturday and will train with his team-mates on Sunday, an Indian team spokesman said, though he added that any decision on whether Dhoni would play in Adelaide was yet to be made.
The death of Phillip Hughes after he was struck in the head by a bouncer in a domestic game late last month, forced a rejigging of the Test series, with Adelaide now hosting the opener.
"We are professional cricketers, we have to move on," Indian paceman Ishant Sharma told reporters in Adelaide on Saturday.
"What has happened is really bad and everyone was really shocked ... but we are professional cricketers and need to look forward to what is coming next for us and that is what we will do."
His team-mate Rohit Sharma said the first Test would be welcomed by a mourning cricket world.
"It was a very sad incident but cricket has to go on, the game will go on," he told reporters.
"Mentally, everyone is focused to do well. When you go out on the park, the only thing is about how to perform and give your best.
"That incident of Phil Hughes will definitely be in everyone's minds, but when it comes to this game we'll all be focused on how to do well and get the best result."
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Jaitley vows steps to rationalise subsidiesJaitley vows steps to rationalise subsidies
US court relief for RanbaxyUS court relief for Ranbaxy
Delhi shamed again: Woman executive raped by Uber cab driver  accused on the runThe cabbie even gave her a missed call from his mobile phone, police added.
Madhur Verma, DCP (north), said a medical exam had confirmed rape and an FIR had been lodged.
According to the complaint, the woman had gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7pm. One of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat only to wake up and find that the car had stopped at a secluded spot.
The car doors were locked. When she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed and assaulted her, police said.
Police sources said the woman had identified the driver as one Gaurav and even clicked his photo on her mobile phone.
"The woman clicked a photograph of the car's number plate and then made a PCR call to report the incident," police said.
The cab was later found abandoned in Mathura and the driver’s mobile phone, which has a GPS system, was switched off, the DCP said.
The woman is believed to have booked the cab through Uber, which, according to its website, connects "riders to drivers through our apps".
"A case has been registered at Sarai Rohilla police station under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
 
"Raids are being conducted to nab the driver, who is in his mid-30s," a police official said.
The cab company released a statement late Saturday night, confirming that the driver in question had been suspended. 
“We became aware of the incident this morning. Safety is Uber’s highest priority and we are working with the police as they investigate, and will assist them in any way we can,” the release said.
The incident comes at a time when the Capital is under a high-security alert following threats of a sensational terror attack by Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba. Vehicle checks have been stepped up across the city and anti-sabotage barricades put in place ahead of US President Barack Obama’s Republic Day visit to India.
(with PTI inputs)

Gurgaon: Uber cab driver allegedly rapes a woman  company had no records of pick-up  drop15
0
Gurgaon: In yet another case of crime against women, a cab driver allegedly raped a woman working in a Gurgaon MNC on Friday. The driver, who was working for Uber taxi services, allegedly threatened the woman against reporting the incident.
The woman has said in her statement that she hired the cab and fell asleep in the vehicle. The driver allegedly took her to a desolate location and raped her.
An FIR has been registered in the case at the Sarai Rohilla police station in North Delhi.
#gurgaon #uber cab #woman raped #sarai rohilla police station
The woman managed to take a photo of the vehicle which helped police trace the car to Mathura. The cab has been impounded and the driver has been identified.
Shockingly, Uber, an international group which provides service all around the world, reportedly had no records of pick-up and drop.
In response to this shocking incident, Uber has issued an official statement saying, "Safety is Uber's highest priority and we take situations like this very seriously. We are working with the police as they investigate, and will assist them in any way we can to determine what happened. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver's account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done."
5

India detains suspect in plot to kill Bangladesh PM Sheikh HasinaDec 07, 2014 at  09:04am IST
India detains suspect in plot to kill Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina
21
1
Guwahati: Police have arrested a key suspect in a blast in West Bengal who they believe is linked to a plot to assassinate Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina of neighbouring Bangladesh and stage a coup there.
Shahnor Alom, who was arrested in a village in Assam on Friday night, belongs to a banned Bangladeshi group active in eastern India, a senior intelligence officer said on Saturday.
Alom, 36, had been on the run since October 2, when two members of the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh were killed in an explosion while building homemade bombs in Burdwan in West Bengal. Indian security officials say they uncovered the plot against Hasina while investigating the blast.
Indian security officials say they uncovered the plot against Hasina while investigating the blast.
#india #bangladesh #sheikh hasina #shahnor alom
"He was caught last night hiding in his relative's house in a village in Nalbari district," the officer, who requested anonymity, told Reuters.
A court in Guwahati, Assam's largest city, ordered Alom to be held for 14 days for questioning. He told reporters outside that he had surrendered to police.
But Assam's director general of police Khagen Sharma contradicted that, saying: "Jihadis are not allowed to surrender. He was arrested."
Alom's wife, 36, was arrested in Guwahati on November 8 on the same charges as her husband.
Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen was thought to have been lying low since authorities cracked down on it after it detonated nearly 500 bombs almost simultaneously on one day in 2005 across Bangladesh, including in the capital, Dhaka.
Mainly-Muslim Bangladesh has suffered three major army coups and two dozen smaller rebellions since gaining independence from Pakistan in 1971 in a war that killed and displaced millions.
29

Is the RSS trying to rewrite India s historyComments
In 'We or Our Nationhood Defined,' published in 1939, MS Golwalkar, second chief of the Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) argued that the Aryan race originated in India. Interestingly, the argument does not challenge the other theory which states that the Aryans migrated into India. This was, according to Golwalkar, because the North Pole was originally in India, somewhere around today's Odisha and Bihar, and eventually shifted to its present location. "It was not the Hindus who migrated to that land but the arctic which emigrated and left the Hindus and Hindustan."
While this may be viewed as doing considerable damage to both history and geography, the Sangh believes it is the correct version of one of the many nationalist themes which should find space in history text books in India. With the union Human Resource Development (HRD) minister Smriti Irani saying that the new education policy will be announced early next year, right wing bodies and ideologues are on an overdrive to suggest changes to the government in order to rectify what they believe is the flawed history narrative taught to students across the country.
"Our children have been reading history, which makes them feel humiliated of their past. We want a history which makes them feel proud as Indians," said Bal Mukund Pandey, general secretary of Akhil Bhartiya Itihas Sankalan Yojna (ABISY), a history research organisation affiliated with the RSS. With 500 professors on its side, Pandey claims that his 30-year-old organisation has attempted to bring out the vastavik itihaas (real history) of India through the 350 books that it has published since it was established in 1984.
Certain themes, they believe, militate against their 'Indianised' version of history: Muslims leaders like Akbar deliberately being shown in a positive light; the revolt of 1857 being wrongly projected as the First War of Independence; the glorification of Gandhi and Nehru over Patel and Tilak.
In early October, ABISY conducted a symposium in Delhi's national museum to pay tribute to Hemchandra Vikramaditya or Hemu, whose defeat by Akbar's army ended the short-lived rule of a Hindu emperor in Delhi and resurrected the Mughal power. Members of ABISY, Vishva Hindu Parishad and the BJP attended the event whose chief guest was union minister of culture, Shripad Naik. "Henceforth, every time you talk of Akbar, you have to mention Hemu," said Pandey, adding that national warriors Maharana Pratap and Shivaji are among those who are not given adequate space in history texts. "Instead, they teach students about cricket and about the Monalisa in world civilization," he said. At the core of this enthusiasm to rewrite history lies the long-standing belief that the government, since independence, has been promoting Marxist historians and suppressing the alternate nationalist stream. Irfan Habib, RS Sharma, Bipan Chandra and Romila Thapar belong to the former category.
"It got institutionalised with the appointment of Noorul Hasan as the union education minister in 1972. He filled all the prominent higher education institutions with historians of Leftist ideology," said Rakesh Sinha, honorary director of India Policy Foundation, an RSS think tank. "It is a colonial project. They wanted us to read a communal interpretation of India. And Marxist historians did the academically criminal act of projecting communal history as the national history," added Sinha, who is currently working on a book on the role of the RSS in India's freedom movement, another theme that the Sangh is keen to highlight.
Left-liberal historians refute the charge. "This charge is primarily political," said Dr Aditya Mukherjee, professor of contemporary Indian history at Jawaharlal Nehru University and co- author of the book 'RSS, School Text Books and the Murder of Mahatma Gandhi', adding, "Their problem is with three Ms in Indian history: Marxism, Macaulay and Madrasa."
Mukherjee believes there's a real danger of dogma replacing history. "Can a doctor argue with the prime minister when he says that plastic surgery and genetic science helped in the creation of Lord Ganesha and Karna? This is not history. This is the lowest level of imagination," he said. BP Sahu, professor at Delhi University's history department thinks the right wing's vision of history is episodic and not chronological and aims to play up certain themes related to questions of identity. This, he said, fits perfectly into their perception of Hindu India. "Larger issues of causation, periodisation and transition, which would be of concern to a practising historian are things which are outside their vision," he said, adding that the right wing is more interested in an Indianised history than in the history of India.
In this intellectual tussle, historians on the Right insist those on the Left under-valued the cultural and civilisational component of India's past and gave primacy to class and economic factors. Right wing historian Meenakshi Jain, whose book on medieval India was included in the school syllabus during the National Democratic Alliance government (1998-2004), cites an example of the imbalance in the history taught at that time. "When Islam came as a political power for the first time to India, the encounter between two evolved civilisations, with wholly different worldviews, was a complex affair. I felt this was missing in the earlier NCERT textbooks, which exhibited a tendency to elevate one side to the detriment of the other."
Jain's is also a classic example of the politicisation of education. With the UPA coming to power in 2005, her book was withdrawn as part of the new government's larger plan to de-saffronise text books. "The committee set up by the government to examine the issue met just one group of academics and recommended its dismissal. I was not even given a hearing. There should have been an open debate," she said.
Dr Saradindu Mukherjee, former associate professor at DU, said history text books, which are being taught at schools, should be replaced as they were written by a set of people who toed the government (Congress) line. "Look at the history of the Indian freedom movement. It appears that Gandhi and Nehru were the only two heroes. Important revolutionaries such as Tilak, Bipin Chandra Pal, Aurobindo Ghose and Lala Lajpat Rai get sidelined," said Mukherjee, who served as a member of the Indian Council of Social Research during the NDA regime. He traces the rift between nationalist and Leftist historians to the publication of 'The Sepoy Mutiny and Revolt of 1857' by RC Majumdar (1957), which argued that 1857 was a sepoy mutiny and not a war of independence. "Subsequently, many historians said the same and were discouraged," he said. It had become unwise to hold views that didn't match the official line of the Congress government in newly independent India.
The times have changed but the vexed issue of how our history is interpreted remains. Today, the right wing can push its version of history but is facing some difficulty as it lacks credible historians to back its claims. RC Majumdar, who did respectable work on ancient India and edited the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan series on Indian history, is the single historian of repute who is held in high regard by the right wing. The only other name that pops up is Sir William Jones, British scholar and founder of the Asiatic Society (1784)! Rakesh Sinha said scholarly historians who professed the alternate stream were all demoralised on realising that their work would not be accepted by the government. "Those who have conviction in this paradigm that Left-liberal history writers were promoted by the government lack an army of researchers," said Sinha, adding that Bhartiya Vidya Bhavan founded by KM Munshi was the last attempt to make an intervention in the writing of history. One weakness of the movement that is dissatisfied with the current state of history writing, according to Meenakshi Jain, is its inability to produce a counter body of historical works. "Mere dissatisfaction with current historical writing cannot suffice. A credible academic counter narrative should be offered," she said.
In that case, how successful will the Sangh Parivar be in rewriting Indian history? The coming year could provide the answers. The National Curriculum Framework, an NCERT document, based on which educational institutes formulate syllabi, is up for revision in 2015. Bal Mukund Pandey of ABISY is confident that, this time, Marxist historians will not have the last word in meetings conducted to revise the NCF. "The meetings will not be dominated by historians who refute the Ramayana and the Mahabharata as myth," said Pandey.
Liberal historians say that the appointment of Smriti Irani, someone with no previous experience of any administration, as the education minister, indicates that the Prime Minister's Office will monitor the broad education and cultural policy. "The PM knows that in areas such as development and economy, he cannot allow Sangh affiliates to interfere. Education and culture are easy areas which can be left to the Nagpur people and their extension here at Jhandewalan," said BP Sahu.
The appointments of Ram Shankar Katheria, a former RSS paracharak, as minister of state, HRD, and of RSS ideologue Dinanath Batra as advisor on education to the Haryana government are also seen as steps in this direction. Batra was behind the litigation which resulted in the recall of Wendy Doniger's 'The Hindus: An Alternative History'.
Change is already visible in the Indian Council of Historical Research of which Sahu is a member. Its new head Dr YS Rao is on record saying the Ramayana and Mahabharata are not myths. "In the latest council meeting, we got three or four proposals from bodies affiliated to the Sangh Parivar wanting money for projects on the Mahabharata, Draupadi and the Puranas. All of a sudden, why do we have such applications coming up?" asked Sahu.
About two dozen members of the ABISY and other RSS outfits working on education met the HRD minister on October 30th in Delhi. In September, RSS affiliated bodies held a seminar in Jaipur to discuss issues related to higher education. Similar conclaves are planned in mid-December and January in other states. The 2014 World Hindu Congress, which took place in Delhi in November, conducted a two-day Hindu educational conference. Recommendations emerging from these meetings will be submitted to the HRD ministry. Rakesh Sinha believes the current government will take note of inputs from right wing think tanks because of the ideological commonality. "The HRD minister and the prime minister have a similar perspective of history. They feel that this history is not the Indian historiography," he said. For the moment, at least, the Right seems set to rewrite Indian history.

Army finds food packets with markings used in Pakistan; night vision goggles also recoveredPrint
In a daring pre-dawn attack ahead of third phase of elections in Jammu and Kashmir on December 9, heavily armed militants killed 8 Army men and three policemen around 3.10 AM at the camp in Mohra in Uri tehsil of north Kashmir’s Baramulla district. (Source: AP)
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar |
Posted: December 7, 2014 10:49 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 7:35 pm
A day after the attack on the Mohura Army camp in which six militants, eight soldiers and three policemen were killed, Army Chief Gen Dalbir Singh said the attack was an attempt to disrupt ongoing elections in the state. Meanwhile, officials in Mohura said they have recovered a large quantity of weapons and food items that the militants were carrying with them.
The Army said they recovered canned packets of keema stew, chicken achari, chicken karahi, daal maash, dates and almonds from the possession of the six militants. The sources said the food packets had Urdu marking that are used in Pakistan. Night vision goggles were also recovered.
“This was an attempt by inimical elements to disrupt the remaining phases of the polls as they were unnerved by the high voter turnout in the first two phases,’’ Gen Singh said in Srinagar soon after chairing a high-level security meet at 15 Corps headquarters. The Army Chief said that the peaceful atmosphere in which the polls have been conducted in the first two phases was possible due to the efforts put in by the security forces.
“The brave soldiers are performing in the harshest of terrain and weather conditions. The supreme sacrifice was in order to ensure that the militants were prevented from reaching the populated areas and causing harm to civilians,’’ he said, adding that the nefarious designs of the adversary have been foiled.
Earlier in the day, the Army chief paid homage to the soldiers, killed in the operation at Badami Bagh Cantonment, by laying wreaths. The bodies of soldiers were then sent by air to their home towns. After the wreath-laying ceremony, he was briefed at 15 Corps on the two recent operations which resulted in the elimination of 12 militants.

Congress CMs likely to oppose recast of plan panelCongress CMs likely to oppose recast of plan panel
Bitcoin 2.0 hopes rest on the blockchainBitcoin 2.0 gives the dreamers focus — but only without the hype
Richard Waters
New version raises more disruptive possibilities than its predecessor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f53524de-7bca-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

This is the best time to buy cars  say dealersThis is the best time to buy cars, say dealers
Swaraj Baggonkar | Mumbai Dec 06, 2014 10:36 PM IST
Mumbai-based Suresh Jain, 34, was among thousands of fence-sitters repeatedly delaying their plans to purchase new cars for a bagful of reasons. The main deterrent, though, were stubbornly high interest rates. Now, with a direct discount of Rs 50,000, no insurance and registration costs and an assortment of genuine accessories — together totalling around Rs 40,000 — thrown in, this media professional went ahead and bought a premium hatchback without wasting any time.
At a time when car dealers are eager to liquidate their festive stocks before the new year sets in, discounts and other consumer benefits on car models are rising sharply. Car manufacturers, battling an inventory pile-up, are further egging on consumers by saying “industry discounts are at an all-time high”.
Some of the less-popular car models, such as those in the General Motors range, are seeing the biggest discounts. For instance, the company is offering benefits of up to Rs 95,000 on the Chevrolet Beat hatchback and Rs 85,500 on the multi-seater Enjoy.
Similar is the case with Ford Motor India, which is offering benefits of Rs 78,000 on the Figo and Rs 76,000 on the Classic. Following a six per cent decline in sales this year, the company is also offering LED TVs, washing machines, microwave ovens, smartphones and more — worth up to Rs 5 crore — under a five-day promotion scheme.
Even the market leader, Maruti Suzuki, isn’t behind in this discount blitzkrieg. It is offering consumer benefits of Rs 75,000 on the Maruti Ritz and over Rs 40,000 on the popular Swift. The newly launched models, such as the new Alto K10 and Celerio, come packed with benefits of Rs 15,000.
Tata Motors is offering some of its older-generation Nanos at an alluring benefit of Rs 80,000. Mahindra and Mahindra has come out with a three-week sale, where benefits of Rs 83,000 is offered on the Xylo and Rs 75,000 on the Quanto.
“Discounts had fizzled out a little during October and November, but those are back to their usual highs in December. Consumers are commonly found negotiating hard on accessories like music systems,” said a Maruti Suzuki dealer in Mumbai.
While company officials say the discounts are definitely high for December, dealers claim current discount levels are higher than the same month last year. “Manufacturers are offering discounts but we have to anyway shell out additional benefits of our own. This is why discounts are 10-15 per cent higher than December 2013,” said a General Motors dealer.
Companies want to liquidate the 2014 stocks before 2015, to avoid issues like depreciation. Besides, consumer sentiment has not picked up; buyers are yet to rush to dealerships despite several rounds of cuts in petrol and diesel prices.
“Even after an excise duty reduction earlier this year and cooling of fuel prices, the customer sentiment has not picked up, apart from a slight demand surge for new entries during the festival season,” said P Balendran, vice-president, General Motors India.
The excise duty cut made six months ago had had little impact. In the April-October period, passenger vehicle sales grew only 2.3 per cent over last year to 1.47 million units.
The automobile industry, however, is asking the government to retain the duty cut to spur demand recovery. Renault India Chief Executive & Managing Director Sumit Sawhney said: “The government should maintain the reduction in excise duty going forward. The automobile industry has been going through a rough patch lately; this move will provide the necessary impetus.”

Uber valued at $40bn in funding roundUber valued at $40bn in latest funding round
Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/66a76576-7bdc-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

In North Korea  hackers are a handpicked  pampered eliteNorth Korea says its supporters may be behind Sony attack
Sony
Fred Prouser/Reuters
An entrance gate to Sony Pictures Entertainment at the Sony Pictures lot is pictured in Culver City, Calif.
An entrance gate to Sony Pictures Entertainment at the Sony Pictures lot is pictured in Culver City, Calif. (Fred Prouser/Reuters)
By Kahyun Yang and Jim Finkle, Reuters
Kim Jong Un
The Pyongyang government's state-run media said the cyber attack on Sony's Hollywood studio may have been the work of pro-North Korean supporters in a report on Sunday that dismissed charges that the country itself was to blame as "wild rumor."
"The hacking into Sony Pictures Entertainment might be a righteous deed of the supporters and sympathizers with the DPRK in response to its appeal," the article by the KCNA news agency said, using the official DPRK acronym for North Korea.
The article, which represents the nation's most detailed response about the attack to date, denounced South Korea, accusing Seoul of "floating the false rumor that the North was involved in the hacking."
It also warned the United States that "there are a great number of supporters and sympathizers with the DPRK all over the world."
0
It said 'Guardians of Peace,' the hacking gang that has taken responsibility for the attack at the Sony Corp unit, was one such group. A North Korean diplomat has denied Pyongyang was behind the attack that was launched last month, though a U.S. national security source said it was a suspect.
Joseph DeTrani, a former senior U.S. intelligence official who has served as a special envoy in negotiations with Pyongyang, said that North Korea has historically been truthful when making statements about its involvement in attacks.
However, current leader Kim Jong Un has only been in power for about three years, which raises the possibility that the nation could have swayed from that policy, DeTrani said.
DeTrani said that he did not know if Pyongyang was responsible, but that it did have the ability to launch such an attack.
To date, cybersecurity experts say most of its cyber capabilities have been targeted at South Korea, which is technically still in a state of war with the North.
The attack shut down most of the studio's network for more than a week and hackers have released sensitive data over the Internet, including employee salaries and Social Security numbers along with high-quality digital versions of several unreleased films.
Forensics experts hired by Sony said the breach was unprecedented, well-planned and carried out by an "organized group," according to an email obtained by Reuters on Saturday.
That document did not identify suspects, but people close to the investigation have told Reuters that North Korea is a principal suspect based on technical evidence and Pyongyang's strong opposition to Sony Pictures comedy, 'The Interview,' which features a plot to assassinate the North Korean leader and is due to open Dec. 25 in the United States.
North Korea has described the film as an "act of war," though a North Korean diplomat last week denied that his nation was involved in the cyber attack.
Sony appears to be going ahead with its Christmas release. Actors James Franco and Seth Rogen appeared on the U.S. television program "Saturday Night Live" to promote "The Interview," in which they co-star.
"Something pretty crazy happened this week," Franco joked as he began a monologue about the unprecedented attack on U.S. soil, which included the theft of sensitive data of actors who had worked on Sony films.
"Soon you'll know that my email is cuterthandavefranco@aol.com . My password is Littlejamesycutiepie," he said. "This is all just a real violation of my personal life." 
The monologue was followed by an ad for the film that said it will be in theaters on Christmas Day, indicating that the hack has not caused Sony to delay its debut.
(Additional reporting by Chris Michaud in New York; Editing by James Pearson, Kim Coghill and Eric Walsh)

DoT panel suggests base price for CDMA bandNEW DELHI, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 22:58 IST
DoT panel suggests base price for CDMA band
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) last month recommended a base price of Rs.3,104 crore per megahertz, which was already 15 per higher than the price that the regulator suggested in February this year
TOPICS
power (infrastructure)
A Department of Telecom panel has suggested a base price of Rs.3,646 crore per Mhz for the auction of CDMA spectrum, 17 per cent higher than what the regulator TRAI has recommended.
Also, the price suggested by an internal panel of DoT is almost equivalent to that of premium 900 Mhz band, which is considered more efficient than other GSM frequency bands.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) last month recommended a base price of Rs.3,104 crore per megahertz, which was already 15 per higher than the price that the regulator suggested in February this year. “The DoT committee has agreed to the view of TRAI that rise in demand of data services and projected subscribers’ growth cannot be ignored. The committee has applied a factor of 0.8 on TRAI suggested value that gives reserve price of Rs.3,646 crore per Mhz on pan-India basis,” an official source said.
The views of the committee are likely to be placed before the inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission, which is scheduled to meet on December 8.

Sikorsky bags Rs. 6 000 cr. deal for naval coptersNEW DELHI, December 6, 2014
Updated: December 6, 2014 00:17 IST
Sikorsky bags Rs. 6,000 cr. deal for naval copters
Dinakar Peri
defence
Sikorsky of the United States has been selected for supply of 16 multirole helicopters for the Indian Navy in a contract worth Rs. 6,000 crore, official sources said on Friday.
Commercial bids were opened on Thursday and as Sikorsky’s S-70B helicopter was the sole bid left in the fray after “partial ban” on the European company Finmeccanica, it was declared the winner, Defence Ministry sources informed.
Air Vice-Marshal (retd.) Arvind Walia, Sikorsky’s Regional Executive for India and South Asia, confirmed receiving an invitation for final negotiations from the Defence Ministry.
“We are looking for fruitful negotiations with the MoD and the Navy to deliver the product at the earliest to bolster the capabilities of the Navy” he told The Hindu.
A “partial ban” was imposed on Finmeccanica, the parent company of AgustaWestland after the controversy over the Rs. 3,550-crore VVIP helicopter deal, in August this year. The partial ban meant the company would not be able to take part in any future defence deals, the Defence Acquisition Council clarified earlier.
Indian Navy, in 2008, floated a global tender for 16 multirole helicopters to operate from its warships with an option for eight more. Finmecccanica with its NH-90 and Sikrosky with S-70B were left in the evaluation which saw many claims and counter claims of deviation in the process.
S-70B is the naval variant of the US Army’s Black Hawk UH 60 helicopter. It can be used both for anti-surface and anti-submarine warfare.
Sources said the negotiations would be fast tracked as the Navy is in critical need of the helicopters.

AstraZeneca wins pay-for-delay ruling© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85de4838-7ca4-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BlackBerry faces banker loyalty testBankers face BlackBerry dilemma as software is upgraded
Harriet Agnew and Daniel Thomas in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e693e4c-7c73-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sistema investors fear dividend seizureSistema investors fear Bashneft dividend seizure
Courtney Weaver and Jack Farchy in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/49b3a7f4-7c9a-11e4-b944-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Industry veterans set up own ventures to ramp up their businessesVeterans moving out of comfort-zone of being part of big brand to start their own
By Maulik Vyas , ET Bureau | 6 Dec, 2014, 02.59AM IST
0
Share More
The former MD (ventures and acquisitions) at Accenture has over 20 years’ experience in investing, operating and underwriting. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
When Tapasvini Shah left Juris Corp to start her own legal practice, the 28-year-old former law firm associate was joining a growing list of senior executives who have traded the comfort of their offices for the rough and tumble of launching a new firm. Like Shah, marquee mergers and acquisition firm AZB & Partner's chief executive Abhijit Joshi put in his papers earlier this month to pursue his own business.
This kind of risk-taking is increasingly being seen as another indicator of the improving health of the country's economy, where bullishness in the stock market and favourable inflation data have buoyed sentiments. "After more than two decades of work, I thought it was time to follow my heart and try my hand at something different," said Joshi.
"Getting the courage of conviction was the toughest part of the decision, but once you are over that, you clearly get the feeling of excitement for the future." According to HSBC's October report on India, the revival in sentiment post-elections and domestic supply constraints have pushed up imports. Currency strength, particularly on a trade weighted basis, may have also supported faster growth in imports. "The pick-up in exports was very gradual due to the uneven global economic recovery, thereby widening the external trade gap," said Frederic Neumann, co-head of Asian Economics Research, and Prithviraj Srinivas, economist at HSBC, in their report.
"The tide has shifted in favour of India and we are seeing several positive indicators that will put the country on a rapid growth trajectory," said Rahul Khanna, managing partner of Trifecta Capital. "Our motivation is to build the leading provider of alternative financing for the new economy." Trifecta Capital was set up in August by Rahul Khanna, former managing director of venture capital firm Canaan Partners. Khanna had spent 19 years in investing and operating roles. The other co-founder of the firm is Nilesh Kothari.
The former MD (ventures and acquisitions) at Accenture has over 20 years' experience in investing, operating and underwriting. The proposed Rs 300 crore fund will focus on new economy sectors including consumer internet, digital media, IT products and enterprise software. In mid-September, Parisheadquartered think tank OECD projected 5.7% growth for the Indian economy, revising its forecast from the 4.9% growth projection it had made in May.
According to government data, India's economic growth accelerated to 5.7 % in the April-June quarter compared with 4.7 % a year ago. In another such marquee exit, Dinesh Kanabar, deputy chief executive of audit and advisory firm KPMG left the company in early September to start his own. In late October, Abhijit Avasthi, national creative director of O&M India, put in his papers to follow his entrepreneur endeavor.
"In large organizations, a lot of time and effort goes in administrative work as you go up the ladder, while I wanted to focus more on client related matters," said Kanabar, CEO of Dhruva Tax Advisors. "Also, after working for over 25 years in the industry, I felt that it is time I work for something where my work can have my identity and imprint." Dhruva Tax Advisors, started in October, has about 50 employees with offices in Mumbai, Bengaluru and Ahmedabad.
At many places, performance in senior positions is linked with the business they bring. Many, seniors at that level tend to think of starting on their own, since capital is easily available and a lot more people are willing to work with startups than ever. "Many senior industry veterans are using their time to set up their own ventures, so when the economy actually gathers momentum, they will be ready to ramp up their businesses," said Nishu Negandhi, founder and director of Altius-SymcoPlus, a boutique HR firm for SMEs

Gigstart raises $200 000; Snapdeal founders join inGigstart raises $200,000 in seed funding; Snapdeal founders Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal join in
By ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 12.22PM IST
0
Share More
The startup will use the proceeds to expand into new geographies, which will include establishing a presence in the tier-2 and tier-3 cities.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Gigstart , a marketplace for event planners and entertainers, has raised $200,000 in seed funding, a round that saw participation from Snapdeal founders Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal, among other prominent angel investors.
Apart from Bahl and Bansal, other investors in the one year old venture include, Rajesh Sawhney , founder of GSF Accelerator, media personality Roshan Abbas, Anand Chandrasekaran, chief product officer at Bharti Airtel , FG Wilson's Narendra Singh Rawat and TA Venture Holding. "The faith that the investors have shown in the venture stems from the fact that we have been witnessing 30% month-on-month growth since our inception and the numbers have been particularly positive in the last three months," said Atit Jain, co-founder of Gigstart.
The startup will use the proceeds to expand into new geographies, which will include establishing a presence in the country's tier-2 and tier-3 cities, as well as into the Middle East, particularly Dubai . It will also look to further build on its technology as it looks to scale up the product, as well as focus on content creation and promotion, along with hiring of talent.

Government plans reverse auction for captive coal blocksGovernment plans to use reverse auction to award coal blocks to private power producers
By Debjoy Sengupta , ET Bureau | 6 Dec, 2014, 03.52AM IST
The lowest bidder wins the auction. The official said the government has decided to use state-run Coal India’s prices as ceiling. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOLKATA: The government has decided to use the reverse auction method to award captive coal blocks to private power producers in cases where tariffs cannot be changed, according to a senior official. These companies include those that have power purchase agreements with utilities and entities that set up power plants through tariff-based bidding. In reverse auctions, the authority sets a ceiling price and bidders have to bid lower than that.
The lowest bidder wins the auction. The official said the government has decided to use state-run Coal India's prices as ceiling. "This process will be followed because tariff of the end product , power in this case, cannot be changed because the recipients of these blocks are contractually obligated not to change the prices," the official told ET.
In this case, the quality of coal from a coal block will be ascertained. The ceiling for this block's coal will be set as the notified price of similar quality of Coal India's produce. There are a few power generation companies that had been allotted coal blocks on the basis of power plants that were put up by them. These plants have also signed power purchase agreements (PPA) with power utilities for supplying electricity at a mutually agreed price. PPAs are legally binding documents.
Another set of power producers have been awarded permission to set up power plants on the basis of the tariffs they quoted. These power producers too cannot change their power tariff in the short run," he said. Salaries and wages account for almost 50-60% of Coal India's production cost. The miner gives a host of benefits to its employees, and each mine worker earns an average Rs 40,000 per month. It is likely that private coal producers will try and save on this component of coal production cost.
In fact, cost of production for private miners is at least 30% less than that of Coal India . The Centre had appointed a consultant to find out ways of cushioning power companies from rise in generation costs after they buy coal blocks through e-auctions. The decision to conduct reverse auction was based on a recommendation made by this consultant. At present, 42 coal producing blocks and 32 that are ready to start production will be offered. Some would be auctioned and others allocated to state firms.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

India on the watch list of most global investors: Jack W LinIndia on the watch list of most global investors today: Jack W Lin, Pioneer Investment
By ET Now | 6 Dec, 2014, 02.46PM IST
0
Share More
"It is too early to say there isn't an emerging trend. However, India is definitely on the watch list of most global investors today."
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
In a chat with ET Now, Jack W Lin , Head of Asia & Middle East, Pioneer Investment, shares his views on the Indian markets and FII flows. Excerpts:
ET Now: Let us begin by talking about what you are making of India. This year we have seen something like $15 billion worth of inflows into the country. How do you see the run rate for calendar 2015 and 2016? What is the potential there?
Jack W Lin: It is always challenging to predict future run rates because it is dependent on so many factors -- global and local. But let's focus on the factors which are within the control of India. A large fundamental reason why the foreign investing community has become so interested in India recently is due to all the exciting developments that are happening on the ground here and that part is within the control of the Indian people and the Indian government . A key element to determine future foreign direct investment flow rate into India would have to be what happens in the next two quarters and four quarters with continuing of the reform process. Currently based on all of that we still remain quite positive on what the current government in India is doing and we remain optimistic that the trend will continue towards more economic reform and greater liberalisation.
ET Now: From the current earnings rate of 15-16%, over the next two years, where do you see the earnings of corporate India move up to?
Jack W Lin: That is the key question that relates to the current valuation levels in India. Many people ask me whether the Indian markets are overvalued, undervalued or fairly valued at this stage. The key question is going to be, what are the growth assumptions built into the current price? Now the most recent earning announcements have not really set the world on fire. However, for those companies that we are analysing, we still believe that there are good fundamental reasons why we expect the growth to be there in the future and of course, we will have to wait and see what the reality is.
ET Now: Give us a flavour of the large global investors which are the new reasons from where you see the potential of money flowing in gradually into the Indian markets, especially the areas where traditionally they have not been investors into India.
Jack W Lin: The interest level has spiked all around the world. I travel to many different markets, and people ask me about India. So the interest is quite broad-based. In terms of the regions where the capital will actually start flowing, it is too early to say there is not an emerging trend. However, India is definitely on the watch list of most global investors today.
ET Now: The last time we logged into a bull run, the Indian markets actually peaked out at about 22X forward earnings, but with the changing dynamics of improving growth, lower inflation , good policy and lower commodity prices, what kind of PE do you think India could trade at, say, over the next three to four years?
Jack W Lin: Those fundamental factors that you have cited, if even more than half of them become true and become true in a material way, we could very well see a re-rating of the Indian market overall and that is the scenario where we could see the PE levels shift to a fundamentally higher level.
ET Now: Which end of the Indian market is looking far more attractive now? Is it the large caps or is it the mid and small cap companies?
Jack W Lin: We believe that there is an opportunity in the near term for Indian midcaps and that's why we are launching our fund at this time.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Diagnostic firms bet big on  prevention better than cureDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
With an expected growth rate of up to 22%, the Indian diagnostics sector is poised to touch R25,000 crore by the end of FY15. However, with an average revenue growth rate of around 18%, some top diagnostic chains in the country are still navigating a sector rife with competition from traditional standalone diagnostic facilities.
The diagnostic sector in India has historically been ruled by mom-and-pop diagnostic centres that dot every corner of the country. Mostly family-run, these standalone centres form the epicentre of the heavily fragmented diagnostics sector in India and pose tough competition for upcoming chains such as SRL Diagnostics, Metropolis Healthcare, Quest Diagnostics, etc, as referrals form a backbone of this industry.
“The sector has changed a lot but continues to be a predominantly unregulated one,” says Ameera Shah, managing director and chief executive of Metropolis Healthcare. “We compete with individual standalone pathology laboratories that, unfortunately, are not always accredited. You have good and bad players and the doctor has to discern.”
However, the trend might be changing with the entry of complex tests that require expensive equipment.
“About 15% of the hospital lab services are outsourced to independent labs,” says Utkarsh Palnitkar partner and head of advisory in global consultancy firm KPMG. “This trend is expected to further increase with hospitals not only outsourcing specific high-end tests, but also complete lab services (within the hospital premises) to organised lab players.”
However, Sanjeev Vashishta, CEO of SRL Diagnostics, feels the future of diagnostics is predictive medicine.
The company offers the service of predictive markers, where a newborn’s blood is analysed for all possible ailments it might be susceptible to. Specialised oncology tests are also on the rise. An example would be the genetic tests for identifying mutation in BRCA-1 and BRCA-2 genes, which indicates high-risk for breast cancer.
“Till a month back, this test was priced at R50,000. We have reduced the costs by 60%,” says Vashishta.
Pathology chains are also investing heavily in research and development in an effort to have an edge over competition.
For example, Thyrocare Technologies’ fiscal 2014 director’s report says the company plans to focus on strengthening its core competencies of immunochemistry and nuclear chemistry — niche services that help identify genetic abnormalities.
“Every month we are coming out with three to five tests that India has not seen,” says SRL’s Vashishta. “The R&D teams will bring down the costs to increase affordability, raise the accuracy of tests using newer platforms and reduce the turnaround time.”
KPMG’S Palnitkar says while the expected growth rate of pathology laboratories in India is 15% to 17%, the number rises to 20% to 22% for the organised sector.
“This is primarily driven by more complex tests (which can only be done by organised players), increasing awareness towards quality amongst patients and increasing existing capacity and expansion of organised players into tier II and III cities,” Palnitkar adds.
But because of the fragmented nature of the market, the chains are exploring the inorganic way of expanding.
“We have a target of opening 20 to 25 laboratories and 150 collection points every year,” says Shah of Metropolis. “We are investing about R30-40 crore in organic growth, besides acquisitions or partnerships that might happen.”
Metropolis is also looking at acquisitions in domestic and international markets, according to Shah. The company, which is debt-free, is funding the expansions through internal accruals. Private equity firm Warburg Pincus has a stake in Metropolis since 2010.
“The expansion planned by the management by exploring areas hitherto untapped continued in the year under consideration through setting up of six new greenfield laboratories,” said the Metropolis director’s report for fiscal 2014.
“Meanwhile, the greenfield laboratories launched in the past two-three years are progressing satisfactorily, with the older ones already reaching a break-even point.” The report continues to add that the decision to accelerate growth by organic expansion, instead of waiting for joint ventures with existing stand-alone players, due to the highly decentralised and unregulated diagnostics market, “has proved to be correct”, and, therefore, the company would continue on the path.
Another established player is Dr Lal Pathlabs, which was established in 1949. The firm posted a total income of R424 crore in fiscal 2013, an increase of 32% over the previous financial year, while net profit jumped 57% to R65 crore. The company has not declared its fiscal 2014 numbers yet.
However, in its FY13 balance sheet, the directors said the company has a presence in almost all major cities and plan to strengthen the brand through joint ventures, besides taking over more established diagnostic centres.
More from companies

Ganga clean-up project: Inspection of 108 nullahs beginsGanga clean-up project: Inspection of 108 nullahs begins
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 6:  
Inspection of 108 nullahs of river Ganga was today initiated by special teams constituted by the NDA government as part of its ambitious project to cleanse the polluted holy river.
The move comes within the deadline of 45 days, which the Ministry of Water Resource and Ganga Rejuvenation had fixed for launching the cleaning process of the river.
“Official teams have started inspecting 108 nullahs of river Ganga from today, marking the start of the massive project. They would be submitting the report in a couple of days,” top ministry sources said.
About 120 teams of officials drawn from different wings of the ministry have been were constituted to study various aspects of 118 places along the rivers Ganga, Yamuna and Ramganga.
“Of these, 39 groups are inspecting the Sewage Treatment Plants (STP). Some STPs are working, a few may be non-functional, while others require upgradation,” the sources said, adding that action would be taken on STPs based on the reports.
Inspection is part of the short term measures, which the ministry has designed to rejuvenate the river.
It may be recalled that the Centre has allocated Rs 2,037 crore for an integrated programme for the conservation of river Ganga named ‘Namami Gange’
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Welspun lines up Rs 2 500-cr expansion planHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Obama s immigration rules to benefit up to 1 70 000 IndiansUnder Barack Obama's new immigration rules, upto 1,70,000 illegal Indians in US will benefit
7 Dec, 2014, 09.00AM IST
A large number of Indians will get a reprieve from having to leave the country through another provision, which allows spouses & children of green card holders to apply for a waiver from illegal status.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By: Sam Jillela
WASHINGTON, DC: Sundar Rao and his wife, Suma, along with their two children, Radha and Rama, arrived in the US on tourist visas in the summer of 2003. After overstaying their six-month visa period, the Raos fell "out-of-status", in the parlance of the US Citizenship and Immigration Services, and eventually became undocumented immigrants.
Under the current rules, the 49-year-old Sundar and Suma, 44, are candidates for deportation, just like most of the over 11 million other undocumented immigrants living in this country.
Help has come their way with US president Barack Obama's sweeping executive order on immigration two weeks ago, which gives protection from deportation to parents of American citizens and green card holders, provided they have been in the country since January 1, 2010.
The reason the Raos can now stay in the US and pursue a green card and eventual citizenship is Radha, their elder daughter, who is now an American citizen after her marriage to a US national.
Protection from Deportation
Rao and Suma will be among the thousands of undocumented immigrants who will be protected from deportation under the executive order. Based on estimates by the Pew Research Center, a Washington-based think tank, the executive action would provide relief to as many as 1,70,000 Indians who are in the US illegally. An additional, 13,500 are protected from deportation even under the current law.
According to Pew, there are 4,50,000 undocumented immigrants from India. In terms of percentage, Indians are the second largest beneficiaries after the Mexicans. Roughly, 44% of the 5.9 million Mexicans will benefit, they will "account for two-thirds of those who will be eligible for deportation relief under Obama's executive action", according to Pew.
A large number of Indians will also get a reprieve from having to leave the country through another provision of the Obama's order, which allows the spouses and children of green card holders to apply for a waiver from the illegal status — and eventually to apply for green card — without leaving the US.
Delhi-born Mukul Trivedi (name changed) will benefit from this specific ruling. The 33-year-old Northern Virginia resident came to the US in 2005 with an entertainment group on a P-1B visa. After he decided not to return to India with the troupe, he became an unauthorised immigrant. Two years ago, he married a legal permanent resident.
Trivedi doesn't have to go back to India to fix his immigration status. Previously, he was required to leave the country and reapply if he wanted to return to the US, and he would have been banned for up to 10 years. Both Rao and Trivedi welcomed the executive order. "It is a real Thanksgiving gift," Trivedi said.
Page 1 of 2

Warren Buffett unseats Mexicos Slim as worlds second-richest personWarren Buffett unseats Mexico's Carlos Slim as world's second-richest person
Bloomberg Dec 7, 2014, 08.57AM IST
Tags:
Sunday ET
(Warren Buffett has become…)
NEW YORK: Warren Buffett has become the world's second-richest person after shares of Berkshire Hathaway reached a record high. The Omaha, Nebraska-based company has soared 27% this year as the dozens of operating businesses the 84-year-old chairman bought over the past five decades churned out record profit (Bill Gates is the richest person). "The all-time closing high stock price today [Friday] is due to a widening appreciation of what Berkshire really is, a fortress," Buffett biographer Andrew Kilpatrick said in an email on Friday.
With about $60 billion in cash at the company, "he could make a whopper of an acquisition at any moment". Berkshire's Class-A shares traded above $2,00,000 for the first time in August after a rally that followed the release of the company's annual report, in which Buffett wrote that the company's actual worth has been rising faster than suggested by metrics such as book value. Since that milestone, the shares have climbed another 13%, elevating Buffett's fortune to $73.7 billion, $300 million more than Mexico's Carlos Slim.
Berkshire's performance dwarfs that of America Movil SAB, the mobile-phone company controlled by Slim, which is up 6% for the year. Mexico's richest man needs to divest a large portion of America Movil assets in the country to reduce its market share below 50% and avoid profit-reducing penalties put in place as part of an overhaul of the nation's telecommunications market. The new rules force America Movil to cut its fees and share infrastructure with its competitors. Barring a downturn in global markets, Berkshire should finish 2014 with a flourish. It agreed last month to buy the Duracell battery business from Procter & Gamble in a stock swap, and in October said it would buy Van Tuyl Group, the largest closely held US automobile dealer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Isro s communication satellite GSAT-16 launched  to put 48 transponders in spaceIsro s communication satellite GSAT-16 launched  to put 48 transponders in space
6.8-magnitude quake hits off Papua New Guinea6.8-magnitude quake hits off Papua New Guinea
PTI
Tweet
Sydney, Dec 7:  
A 6.8-magnitude quake struck off the coast of Papua New Guinea today, US seismologists said, but no destructive tsunami was expected.
The quake hit at a depth of 10 kilometres (6.2 miles) about 116 kilometres from the nearest city of Panguna on Bougainville Island, at 11.22 am local time (0652 IST), the United States Geological Survey said.
There were two aftershocks in the Bougainville region measuring 5.2 and 5.0 magnitude, respectively.
“Any tsunami generated is going to be very local... and about half-a-metre in size,” Mark Leonard, a senior seismologist for the government agency Geoscience Australia, told AFP.
“And as they propagate away from their source, they weaken fairly quickly.”
Separate data collected by Geoscience Australia had the initial quake at 6.7 magnitude and at a depth of one kilometre.
Leonard said the south-west area of Bougainville, which is the closest land mass to the quake zone, was not known to be heavily populated. There were no immediate reports of damage.
Earthquakes are common in PNG, which sits on the so-called Pacific Ring of Fire, a hotspot for seismic activity due to friction between tectonic plates.
The last tremor off the Pacific nation’s coast was a 6.4-magnitude quake that struck in the New Britain region in early November.
In 2013, the neighbouring Solomon Islands were hit by a devastating tsunami after an 8.0-agnitude earthquake rattled the region. That tsunami left at least 10 people dead, destroyed hundreds of homes and left thousands of people homeless.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Appam Bhaskar  master of 3 000 asanasUpdated: December 7, 2014 11:12 IST
Appam Bhaskar, master of 3,000 asanas
Gollapudi Srinivasa Rao
Tweet
Appam Bhaskar performing an asana at his residence, in Warangal on Saturday. Photo: M. Murali
Drawn to the beauty of Yoga, Appam Bhaskar has mastered about 3,000 asanas (postures) and has dedicated his life to propagating it.
“You can perform yoga to keep yourself fit even at an advanced age unlike the modern-day aerobics,” he says, speaking to The Hindu. Born in 1972 in Girmajipet, Warangal city, Mr. Bhaskar gave up his studies after school and took up learning and teaching yoga full time.
Beginning with 30 asanas taught by his teacher Kota Manikyam, he went on to master 3,000 asanas. “Most people draw inspiration when I exhibit very difficult postures with great ease. But there is no secret in it. Anyone can do these asanas with some practice,” he explained. At present, he teaches at two schools besides teaching people of all ages privately. According to him, the popular misconception among people is that they cannot take up yoga as they do not have enough time. They think it is time consuming which in reality is not. “There is no hard and fast rule that you should do yoga for certain time. It can be done in five minutes to one hour depending on your interest and time,” Mr. Bhaskar explains. Yoga, an ancient form of physical exercise, helps activate every part of the body. It gives a fine balance to the body and improves concentration levels greatly, the yoga teacher says. There is a great awareness and patronage to yoga in countries like USA, Spain, Italy and others. However, only few know the importance here. Yoga helps keep the body fit and prevents many diseases. People would rather go to hospital than spend a few minutes on yoga to avoid diseases, he laments.

Govt to clear $2 bn transmission projects in the southGovt to clear $2 bn transmission projects in the south
Govt working on  as big reforms as we need : HDFC Bank chiefGovt working on  as big reforms as we need : HDFC Bank chief
PM Modi to meet CMs to discuss restructuring of Planning CommissionPM Modi to meet CMs to discuss restructuring of Planning Commission
Coal India to adopt latest technology  says Piyush GoyalCoal India to adopt latest technology, says Piyush Goyal
PTI
Piyush Goyal
New Delhi, Nov 27:  
Government will enhance the coal producing capability of Coal India Limited (CIL) by infusing latest technology, the Lok Sabha was informed today.
Coal Minister Piyush Goyal also said that the e-auction of the coal blocks cancelled by the Supreme Court would be completed by March 31 next.
He said Prime Minister Narendra Modi had asked his ministry to get the “best” of technology for CIL.
“The Prime Minister raised the issue of coal technology with Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbot,” he said.
He said this when asked as to why CIL has been able to produce little amount of coal per annum as compared to other producers.
The Minister said government is in the process of fast tracking rail links in Odisha, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand.
“Once the rail links are ready, 200 million tonne of coal can be evacuated,” he said.
Responding to a question on the recent ordinance promulgated on auction of coal blocks cancelled by the apex court, he said the e-auction will be completed by March 31, 2015 and if the process is not completed, a “designated authority” mentioned in the ordinance will take over the mines.
He said as per the SC order, the cancellation will come into force on March 31 next.
“As regards financial implication of the judgement on the coal sector, the total amount of additional levy payable by the allocatees of producing coal blocks for coal produced or likely to be produced up to March 31, 2015 is estimated at Rs 10,494.36 crore,” he said.
He rejected a suggestion of Jyotiraditya Scindia (Cong) that the issue of cancellation has created a ‘crisis’ for the government. “It is an opportunity, not a crisis for the government...will help clean up the sector,” he said.
(This article was published on November 27, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Nifty to Hit 9 500 by End-2015 on Capital Inflows: GoldmanOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Mumbai: Top US brokerage Goldman Sachs today said it is bullish on India and sees Nifty hitting 9,500 -mark by end-2015 due to strong capital inflows in the country.
"We stay overweight on cyclical recovery and reform progress and expects Nifty to reach 9,500 at end-2015," Goldman Sachs Chief Asia Pacific Regional Equity Strategist Timothy Moe told reporters.
The 50-share NSE benchmark index today ended at 8,564.
"We forecast a large balance of payments surplus in 2015 driven by a narrowing of the current account deficit and strong capital inflows. We forecast mid-teens earnings growth in 2015-16 largely driven by banks, IT and a few cyclical sectors," he said.
The Wall Street brokerage, in a report, said it expects capital inflows to increase in 2015 due to stronger FDI and resilient portfolio inflows in Asia's third largest economy.
FDI flows are to be driven by improving medium term growth prospects, removal of restrictions of flows and (investment) commitments by Japan, the US and China over the past few months. We estimate a balance of payments surplus of about $50 billion in 2015, it said.
"The headline CPI inflation is likely to fall in 2015 to 5.8 per cent from 7.3 per cent in 2014, driven by lower commodity prices. This would provide some room for the RBI to cut policy rates by 50 bps in H12015," Goldman Sachs Chief India Economist Tushar Poddar said.
"We are also positive on the Indian rupee due to our expectation of a large balance of payment surplus, driven by somewhat narrower current account deficit as well as large FDI and portfolio inflows," Mr Poddar said.
Expectation of an increase in investments in 2015 is based on easier financial conditions, government measures to remove red-tape and focus on boosting investment, he said.
The brokerage forecast the economy to expand by 6.3 per cent in 2015 and 6.8 per cent in 2016.
"Our forecasts imply India will become the fastest growing large emerging market economy over the 2016-18 period, overtaking China," it said.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 22:09 (IST)

Hoping for EMI Relief Banks Signal Good NewsYou are here: Home Your Money
Hoping for EMI Relief? Banks Signal Good News
NDTV | Updated On: December 05, 2014 17:33 (IST)
Salaries in India Likely to Rise by 10.5% in 2015: Report
Borrowers hoping for some relief on EMIs may have reasons to cheer. State Bank of India, the country's biggest lender, on Friday indicated that it could cut lending rates outside the Reserve Bank's policy review cycle.
"There is real interest rate for the depositors and it is the right time to make deposits a little cheaper. And only then going forward we can look forward to bringing rates lower for borrowers," said SBI's chief Arundhati Bhattacharya. ( Watch Video )
Her comments came on a day when the lender cut interest rates for bank deposits. Lower deposit rates are generally considered to be a precursor to lowering of lending rates.
(Read: SBI Cuts Retail Fixed Deposit Rates By 0.25% )
A number of big lenders have cut their deposit rates over the last few days in a signal that borrowing rates may soon start trending lower. Lower deposit rates reduce the cost of funds for lenders, helping them lower borrowing rates.
Ms Bhattacharya told NDTV that the lowering of deposit rates was due to easing of liquidity conditions and weak credit growth. In the September quarter, credit offtake hit a multi-year low, signaling weak demand in the economy.
State Bank of India cut its long tenor deposit rates by 0.25 per cent. Earlier this week, the country's two largest private sector lenders - ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank - had also lowered their deposit rates.
HDFC Bank's Managing Director Aditya Puri also on Friday said that once the cost of deposits come down, following its the December 1 cut in short-term deposits, the bank will eventually pass on the benefit to borrowers.
(Read: HDFC Bank Hints at Lending Rate Cut by March )
Renewed expectations of a rate cut come at a time when the central bank gave a clear signal that it may start monetary easing early next year.
Though RBI chief Raghuram Rajan kept rates unchanged in its December 2 review, he said "if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle."
Samiran Chakraborty, chief economist at Standard Chartered, said that the RBI is most likely cut rates in February. "Our view is that if not in February, the RBI will definitely cut rates in April," he added. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 17:33 (IST)

M&M to power car sales with Verito electricHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
M&M to power car sales with Verito electric
Our Bureau
Pawan Goenka, Executive Director and President (Automotive & Farm Equipment Sectors) of Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd, at a media conference in Kolkata. - ASHOKE CHAKRABARTY
e-car will be placed in taxi, commercial car-rental space
Kolkata, December 5:  
Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd (M&M) is planning to introduce an electric variant of its only passenger car, Verito, in mid-2015.
According to Pawan Goenka, Executive Director, M&M, the electric car will be placed in the taxi and commercial car-rental space. “We are hopeful of it doing well in the categories.”
The diesel variant of Verito has not fared well in the market so far.
M&M is also exploring opportunities for exporting electric cars to Europe, especially countries such as Norway, the UK and France. The company recently launched the 'e2o' electric vehicles in India.
“Ideally, we look to sell around 100 units (of electric cars) a month,” Goenka told reporters at a press conference.
Goenka said a good Rabi season may lead to increased tractor sales from February-March onwards.
Tractor sales
“Tractor sales in November were disappointing. Sales will remain tepid in the December-January period as well.”
The company is also planning to launch the petrol variants of cross-over utility vehicles in the SUV and compact SUV segments.
Also, starting with the upcoming S101, M&M will launch dual-fuel variants.
It hopes to regain lost market share through two new launches in the compact car category and one in the light commercial vehicle segment.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

10 proposals for making defence equipment clearedGovernment clears 10 proposals for manufacturing defence equipment
By ET Bureau | 6 Dec, 2014, 01.26PM IST
0
Share More
The licensing committee chaired by the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) secretary Amitabh Kant on Tuesday cleared most. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government has cleared 10 proposals for manufacturing defence equipment and explosives, besides several industrial licences of companies including Tata Motors, Punj Lloyd and Pipavav that had been pending for the past several years.
The licensing committee chaired by the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) secretary Amitabh Kant on Tuesday cleared most of the 35 projects listed for grant of industrial licence.
Applications for defence production from major players like Piramal Systems and Technologies, Bharti Shipyard, Tata Motors, M&M, Bharti Shipyards, Punj Lloyd and Pipavav got approval, along with the permission to procure foreign direct investment.

View: Cant Americans be more honest about raceSearch for:
Can’t Americans be more honest about race?
December 3, 2014, 4:27 am IST Seema Sirohi in Letter from Washington | Barack Obama , Edit Page , Lifestyle , World | ET
9
The story of Ferguson through which black America seethes and white America mostly stays smug shows that the gaping wound of racism remains half-stitched as it has for hundreds of years.
American society doesn’t like to acknowledge the wound or even believe it exists. That sore has no place in the mythical goodness of this vast land where people go about in “pursuit of happiness.” Besides, wasn’t the whole question settled in the sixties with the Civil Rights Act? Now there is even a black president and America is post-racial and all that.
But is it? Most whites would admit they don’t have a single black friend and vice versa. May be an acquaintance at work. The cities are segregated and everyone knows the “dividing” roads. The lives rarely intersect in a meaningful manner.
Every time a white police officer shoots an unarmed black boy, or a teenager or a grown man under questionable circumstances – in other words, a Ferguson happens – there is a short, nervous conversation about race.
One side mounts the facts on systemic discrimination and the other listens mostly to rebut or to raise extraneous issues until the conversation meanders into a fog and dies down.
Right now it’s all raw and shocking – how a grand jury can be snowed and misled by a prosecutor, how badly informed it can be on legal intricacies and how despite killing an unarmed boy, an unrepentant officer can be exonerated.
While protestors rage against the machine, the machine simply cranks on. The police look and behave like the military in a war zone, thanks to Pentagon’s excess hardware that the Afghan government would have used to better ends. Tear gas clouds hover as the country’s premier civil rights organization begins a seven-day, 120-mile march to demand police reforms.
Whites looking in see little wrong with the grand jury’s decision not to charge Darren Wilson, the police officer who killed Michael Brown in August. Even though many witnesses reported the suspect had raised his hands in a motion to surrender, the jury chose to believe Wilson who said Brown was “charging” at him. He felt so threatened that he pumped six bullets into Brown.
Blacks looking in know this is how “justice” is rendered and often. They know the system is stacked against them in too many ways to count. They know their children are twice as likely to be killed by police than other ethnic groups and four times as likely to die in custody. They know there are many Browns in many Fergusons.
Last week, 12-year-old Tamir Rice, also black, was shot dead by police in Cleveland for brandishing a toy gun. Yes, it looked real but is killing the only option? Two years ago, Trayvon Martin, 17 and also black, was shot dead by a neighborhood guard inside a gated community while walking home after a trip to buy candy. The guard was acquitted after a trial.
Incredibly, the US government maintains it has no reliable data on people killed by the police. It leaves it to the good judgment of the 17,000 police and other law enforcement departments to “self-report” figures on “justifiable homicides.” Only 750 departments bother and according to that incomplete figure the number of people killed by police is around 400 a year.
A country that obsessively tracks everything from shark attacks to shopping trends, to say nothing of wholesale data collection via the NSA, doesn’t want (you) to know too much about police behavior.
Independent researchers who try to unearth the data say the tactic is deliberate because nothing else explains this big hole in the land of statistics.
But there is enough research to establish that blacks continue to suffer disproportionately from the time they are born – black babies are 2.4 times more likely as white babies to die in the first month, and a black boy’s life expectancy is five years shorter than his white counterpart. Black students are three times as likely to be suspended and expelled from school than white students.
The income disparity is sobering. White median household wealth is $91,405 while for blacks it is only $6,446 and the gap has tripled over the past 25 years. Only 43.5% of blacks own their homes compared to 73% of whites but they constitute nearly half of the 2.3 million in jails. They live in broken neighborhoods with broken schools and broken families.
Change race to caste and it’s all too familiar for comfort. There is much progress on paper but little in attitudes.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Move over Breezer  flavoured wine to be the new  cool  next summerJindal Power moves SC, says being ‘doubly punished’, can’t pay fine
AFTER the success of ready-to-drink (RTD) beverages like Bacardi Breezer, a similar segment is on its way to stir up the industry. If the buzz is anything to go by, the Indian market will soon witness flavoured wines, called ‘wine coolers’, by as early as March next year.
A wine cooler is an alcoholic beverage made from wine and fruit juice, often in combination with a carbonated beverage and sugar.
Pre-mixed alcohols, also known as RTD beverages, have been around in India for quite sometime now, with Bacardi Martini India taking the lead in the category. RTD beverages have been perceived as relatively healthier options by consumers who prefer something with lower alcohol content.
“The country’s wine industry has been evolving. From reds, whites, stills, carbonated and sparkling, newer categories are emerging. Flavoured wine is one of them and will soon be available in the Indian market,” says Shivajirao Aher, president, All India Wine Producers’ Association (AIWPA), and founder of Renaissance Winery in Nashik, Maharashtra, India’s wine capital.
Rajiv Seth, oenologist and wine educationist, who has also been part of the Indian Grape Processing Board (IGPB), says: “Wine coolers will be available in the Indian market by as early as March next year and will be spearheaded by a few companies.”
Seth, who is advising Lakeforest Wines — a Haryana-based distributor — to enter the wine sector, says the company will make flavoured wines through its partner Renaissance Winery in Nashik.
“These will be sold under the brand name Riya. Talks are also in progress with another player for making these wines in the country. Wine coolers are not in the category of RTDs but are somewhat similar, in the sense that they are flavoured. But unlike RTD beverages like Bacardi Breezer, in which the base is either spirit or vodka, wine coolers have wine as their base,” he adds.
More from industry

 DGCA Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: ReportSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA on Friday withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees in the next ten days.
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by December 15 to clear its over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies, official sources said.
The measures came a day after Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said troubled SpiceJet seems to "give us heart attacks". (Read: Airline Sector Running Through 'Turbulent Weather': Aviation Minister )
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Mr Raju had said.
The DGCA also directed the airline not to take bookings of flights over one month and refund the booking amount to the customers of cancelled flights in 30 days, they said.
As many as 93 arrival and 93 departure slots were withdrawn by DGCA as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September, the sources said.
The regulator would now on also carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles, they said.
Asking the airline to clear salary dues of all its staffers by December 15, the regulator directed it to disburse the salaries now on by the 7th of every month. .
With over 125 pilots quitting the airline in the recent past, the aviation regulator asked SpiceJet to ensure that the Flight Duty Time Limitation (FDTL), a rule which governs maximum duty time for the cockpit crew, was not violated even if the airline was facing a pilots' crunch.
The DGCA has asked the airline to report compliance of its first steps by Monday, the sources said.
The airline officials were not immediately available for comments on the DGCA directives to the airline.
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over the ability of media baron Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier to run as a "going concern".
Also on Friday, airline chief operating officer Sanjiv Kapoor denied reports that Airports Authority of India had put the SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode.
"Clarifying once more, as news media continue to report wrongly: SpiceJet is categorically NOT on cash and carry with the AAI. @flyspicejet," Mr Kapoor tweeted on the micro-blogging site.
The reports had said that the AAI had decided to withdrawn the credit facility to SpiceJet and asked it to pay in advance before flying from any of its airports.
Meanwhile, SpiceJet in a late night statement said that returning of unused slots to the airport operator was a routine process.
On the certain directions from the DGCA received by SpiceJet, the airline will like to place on record that today it has informed the DGCA and the public that for the near-medium term, it intends to operate a fleet of 22 Boeing 737s and 15 Q400s, down from 37 B737s that we operated earlier this year (Q400 fleet remains unchanged), the statement said.
"As a natural consequence of the fleet reduction of 15 Boeing planes, unused slots are given back to the airports. This is routine process and a natural outcome of our revised fleet plan, and there is nothing unusual about the slots being cancelled," the airline said.
The future booking on cancelled flights has already been stopped as part of standard process, the statement said, adding SpiceJet believes the DGCA's directions on stopping of the future bookings in advance will be counter-productive.
The airline will be discussing the pros and cons of this cooperatively with the DGCA, it said.
As standard practise, SpiceJet provides refunds of all bookings for cancelled flights made directly with the airline (credit card or cash) within an average of 10 days, with no deduction of any kind, the statement said.
The airline also said that it has already paid November salary to 85 per cent of its staff by today and the remaining 15 per cent employees will get the salary by next week.
Story first published on: December 06, 2014 15:21 (IST)

  Airline Sector Running Through Turbulent WeatherUp to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: The airline sector in India is running through a "lot of turbulent weather" with troubled Spicejet seeming to give "us heart attacks", Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju said on Thursday.
The minister also said that certain regulations restricting the growth in the aviation sector need to be re-looked to attract investments.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Mr Raju said.
He was speaking at the MoU signing ceremony between national carrier Air India and National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) for a joint venture to develop and manage Air India land assets. Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu was also present on the occasion.
The minister's comment comes against the backdrop of industrialist Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier SpiceJet curtailing its operations by reducing both flights and fleet, citing fund crunch.
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs 310 crore which is down from Rs 559 crore net loss during the corresponding period last year.
Noting that the growth in the aviation sector was restricted due to some "odd reasons", Mr Raju said certain regulations needs to be re-looked to attract investments in the sector.
"For some odd reasons, we have restricted the growth of airlines in the country. We have developed regulations which pull back Indians, which does not allow Indians to perform. So, I think there also we have to work," he said.
Advising Air India to work as a team, he said the cohesiveness of a team only delivers performance.
"Somehow we have lost sight on that and it's high time we get back to it," he said, urging the national airline to keep its focus on core business of aviation.
Story first published on: December 06, 2014 15:09 (IST)

Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global CuesYou are here: Home Market
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 06, 2014 16:26 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
New Delhi: Gold prices plummeted by Rs 195 to Rs 26,675 per 10 grams at the bullion market in the national capital on Saturday due to a weakening trend overseas.
Slackened demand from jewellers and retailers at current levels also kept pressure on prices of the precious metal.
Silver followed suit and ended lower by Rs 200 to Rs 36,700 per kg on lack of buying support from industrial units and coin makers.
Bullion traders attributed the fall in gold prices to a weakening global trend after the US added the largest number of jobs in almost three years, fuelling concerns that the Federal Reserve will move closer to raising interest rates.
Strengthening dollar against other currencies also reduced the appeal of bullion as an alternative asset, they said.
Globally, gold in New York dropped by 1.4 per cent to $1,190.40 an ounce and silver by 1.9 per cent to $16.25 an ounce in yesterday's trade.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity tumbled by Rs 195 each to Rs 26,675 and Rs 26,475 per 10 grams, respectively.
Sovereign, however, remained steady at Rs 23,700 per piece of eight grams in restricted buying.
Silver ready remained under selling pressure and shed another Rs 200 at Rs 36,700 per kg.
However, weekly-based delivery traded higher by Rs 200 to Rs 36,700 per kg on increased buying by speculators.
On the other hand, silver coins continued to be asked at last level of Rs 62,000 for buying and Rs 63,000 for selling of 100 pieces in scattered deals.
Story first published on: December 06, 2014 16:24 (IST)

GSAT-16 satellite set to be launched on Sunday21
2
Bengaluru: After being deferred twice,India's latest communication satellite GSAT-16 will be launched on Sunday from the space port of Kourou, French Guiana, Indian Space Research Organisation said.
"GSAT-16 launch is rescheduled on early morning of Dec 07 at 02:10 hrs (IST) from French Guiana," ISRO said on its website. Hit by inclement weather, the launch of GSAT-16 was deferred for the second time on Friday after it was rescheduled to be put into space in the early hours today by Ariane 5 rocket.
The satellite launch was originally scheduled for Friday but was put off. ISRO had rescheduled it for today at 02.09 AM (IST) but within hours it was postponed again, citing the inclement weather at the launch base. Ariane 5 VA221 is to place in orbit GSAT-16 which is designed to augment the national space capacity in communication services, along with DIRECTV-14, built by SSL (Space Systems/Loral) for operator DIRECTV to provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the US.
Representational image
#gsat #isro #kourou #french guiana
The capacity crunch has forced ISRO to lease 95 transponders on foreign satellites mainly for private TV broadcasters' use. GSAT-16, with a designated on orbit operational life of 12 years, will boost public and private TV and radio services, large-scale Internet and telephone operations.
GSAT-16 will replace INSAT-3E, decommissioned prematurely in April. It will be the 18th satellite to be launched by Arianespace for ISRO.
40

Penetration of insurance product is poor among MSME units: SBI General InsuranceAshish Chauhan, MD and CEO of Bombay Stock Exchange
More awareness needed on insurance
Kolkata, Dec 6:  
The recent cyclone Hud Hud, which hit Vishakhapatnam, was a lesson for small, medium and tiny units as well for the insurer SBI General Insurance. Bhaskar Jyoti Sarma, MD & CEO of SBI General told Business Line here on Saturday that the insurer got over 300 claims from MSME units affected by the disaster. Though the insurer within a week could make initial 'on account payment' of 10 per cent of the damage claims after surveys, it was revealed how under insured the sector was.
"Most of the units in different clusters did not have proper disaster protection, or did not take the right policies. As spread awareness on insurance was very limited, the penetration of insurance product was also poor. However, the disaster could raise demand for knowledge about the insurance," said Sarma.
On the sidelines of Infocom 2014, said the insurer did not market its product to protect receivables much among the SME units. "The disaster brought out the need and demand for such a product as most of the clients of the small units were also affected by the same cyclone and faced liquidity problems causing delay in payments of the small suppliers," he explained.
Credit collection, has always been a week point, along with other financial management expertise, for the small units. Sharma said the sector's NPA also stems from the problems regarding payment collection, delays and eventual bad debts.
Speaking on the subject of Empowering SMEs, K V Srinivasan, CEO of Reliance Commercial Finance, said that financial inclusion of among the sector units was paltry. "Many of them were not even properly registered. For financing, assessing the true worth of such a unit beyond the financials was a difficult proposition.
"There is a need for B-schools to focus on them. Specifically directed courses for the SME sector would help the sector to bridge the management skill gap in future," Srinivasan said.
Ashish Chauhan, MD and CEO of Bombay Stock Exchange, said listing of the small units (so far 79 on the BSE SME platform) helped them in terms of corporate governance, financial benchmarking and standing in the market place.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

J&K: Security beefed up in Srinagar ahead of PM Modi s rally on MondayJ&K: Security beefed up in Srinagar ahead of PM Modi's rally on Monday
CNN-IBN | Dec 07, 2014 at 07:19am IST
Srinagar: Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's rally on Monday in Srinagar, security has been beefed up in the region after multiple terror attacks in Jammu and Kashmir.
Heavy security forces have been deployed. Prior to the Assembly polls,  the last leg of campaigning has been planned by most political parties.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah will be holding rallies at Budgam and Shopian on Sunday morning. Bahujan Samajparty supremo Mayawati is also expected to address a rally in Jammu, on Sunday.
Prior to the Assembly polls,  the last leg of campaigning has been planned by most political parties.
Eight Army personnel, including Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar, three policemen and eight terrorists were among 21 persons killed in four attacks in Uri, Srinagar, Shopian and Tral despite the presence of large number of Army units, paramilitary forces and state police, who are on high alert.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Barack Obama diagnosed with acid refluxBarack Obama's sore throat related to acid reflux, undergoes CT scan
By PTI | 7 Dec, 2014, 10.35AM IST
 "The President's symptoms are consistent with soft tissue inflammation related to acid reflux and will be treated accordingly," doctor said.
ET SPECIAL:
WASHINGTON: US President Obama today underwent a CT scan and a fiber optic exam after complaining of a persistent sore throat, and was found to have symptoms indicating acid reflux.
Obama, 53, went to Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland.
Acid reflux, where stomach acid leaks up the throat, is a common condition and is not considered serious.
"This morning, an ear, nose and throat specialist conducted a fiber optic exam of the President's throat based on symptoms of sore throat over the past couple weeks," said Dr Ronny L Jackson , physician to the President and Director of the White House Medical Unit on Obama's 28-minutue visit to the military medical facility.
"The exam revealed soft tissue swelling in the posterior throat and I, in consultation with the specialist, determined that further evaluation with a routine CT scan was prudent," he said, adding that the CT scan was conducted purely as a matter of convenience for the President's schedule.
The results of the scan were normal, and Obama would be treated for acid reflux, Jackson said.
"The President's symptoms are consistent with soft tissue inflammation related to acid reflux and will be treated accordingly," Jackson said.
White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the President was not sedated, so no transfer of authority was necessary. However, Vice President Joe Biden and other senior White House staffers "were kept up to speed," Earnest said.
Obama visited Jackson for his periodic checkup in May. Jackson described Obama's overall health as "excellent." The checkup information, released in June, was the third medical report released by the White House during Obama's presidency.
Asked whether the President is still smoking , Earnest replied that Obama quit with the assistance of nicotine gum.
Obama has had very few medical problems during his nearly six years in office.
The health of US presidents and presidential candidates generates considerable media interest in the US.

M-cap of top six cos falls by Rs 54 053 crM-cap of top six cos falls by Rs 54,053 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
Weakness in the stock market led six of the top-10 most valued companies lose Rs 54,053 crore in market valuation last week, with IT majors TCS and Infosys taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, ONGC, RIL, Infosys, SBI and HDFC Bank saw decline in their market capitalisation (m-cap) for the week ended on Friday, December 5, ITC, CIL, ICICI Bank and HUL made gains.
The m-cap of TCS tumbled Rs 12,663.17 crore to reach Rs 5,05,048.22 crore. Infosys’ valuation plunged Rs 12,624.58 crore, to Rs 2,37,699.32 crore.
ONGC’s market cap tanked Rs 11,678.24 crore and was at Rs 3,13,002.61 crore, while RIL lost Rs 10,698.27 crore to Rs 3,09,822.54 crore.
Similarly, HDFC Bank’s valuation dipped Rs 3,551.75 crore to Rs 2,27,771.10 crore and SBI lost Rs 2,836.98 crore to Rs 2,37,148.94 crore.
On the other hand, the m-cap of ITC surged Rs 22,722.38 crore to Rs 3,12,642.30 crore, while HUL gained Rs 7,218.56 crore to Rs 1,77,371.56 crore.
ICICI Bank’s valuation rose Rs 4,979.57 crore to reach Rs 2,08,109.93 crore, and CIL added Rs 1,073.78 crore to touch Rs 2,25,146.81 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at the numero-uno position, followed by ONGC, ITC, RIL, Infosys, SBI, HDFC Bank, CIL, ICICI Bank and HUL.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex fell by 235.89 points or 0.82 per cent to conclude at 28,458.10.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Obama diagnosed with acid refluxObama diagnosed with acid reflux
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Dec 7:  
US President Barack Obama today underwent a CT scan and a fibre optic exam after complaining of a sore throat, and was found to have symptoms indicating acid reflux.
Obama, 53, went to Walter Reed military hospital after complaining of a persistent sore throat.
“This morning, an ear, nose and throat specialist conducted a fibre optic exam of the President’s throat based on symptoms of sore throat over the past couple weeks,” said Dr Ronny L Jackson, physician to the President and Director of the White House Medical Unit.
“The exam revealed soft tissue swelling in the posterior throat and I, in consultation with the specialist, determined that further evaluation with a routine CT scan was prudent,” he said, adding that the CT scan was conducted this afternoon purely as a matter of convenience for the President’s schedule.
The CT scan was normal.
“The President’s symptoms are consistent with soft tissue inflammation related to acid reflux and will be treated accordingly,” Jackson said.
Obama, who gave up smoking before entering the White House, has had very few medical problems during his nearly six years in office.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

DLF asked to pay Rs 1.5 lakh for  wrongly deducting brokerageHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
DLF asked to pay Rs 1.5 lakh for 'wrongly deducting brokerage'
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
DLF New Gurgaon Homes Developers Pvt Ltd has been asked by a consumer forum here to pay around Rs 1.5 lakh to a man, who booked a property in its project, for “wrongly deducting brokerage’’.
New Delhi District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum, presided over by C K Chaturvedi, has asked the firm to pay Rs 1,49,783 to a Noida resident Rajesh Kukreja.
It also said that the firm “unjustly enriched” itself by “deducting brokerage’’.
“We hold OP (firm) guilty of deficiency in unlawful trade practices and direct the OP (opposite party_ to... refund Rs 1,49,783 wrongly deducted as brokerage,” the forum said.
Kukreja had told the forum that he had booked the property in firm’s residential project in Gurgaon by paying Rs 26.82 lakh in 2008.
Later, when he discovered that there was no progress in construction at all due to lack of environmental clearance, he approached the firm which gave him an exit option.
The reality firm, however, refunded him only Rs 25.32 lakh by deducting Rs 1,49,783 as brokerage cost.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Air fares pinch  SpiceJet crisis adds to itAir fares pinch despite fuel price cut, SpiceJet crisis adds to it
By Saurabh Sinha, TNN | 7 Dec, 2014, 11.11AM IST
SpiceJet, which is struggling to stay afloat, has begun reducing its Boeing 737 fleet, most of which was used on domestic routes.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: If you haven't booked your domestic air tickets for the coming holiday season, get ready for high spot fares. And if you're wondering why you have to fork out more when prices of jet fuel have fallen, the reasons are twin — domestic air travel is growing (20% rise as of November this year as compared to the same period last year) and the number of airline seats is shrinking.
Fares on certain sectors spiked in mid-November after SpiceJet started cancelling flights. According to travel portal Yatra.com president Sharat Dhall , Delhi-Calicut one-way fare used to be in the range of Rs 16,000 to Rs 18,000. It shot up to Rs 26,000 over the last fortnight - an 80% increase.
SpiceJet, which is struggling to stay afloat, has begun reducing its Boeing 737 fleet, most of which was used on domestic routes. Today, it has 20 Boeing 737s, down from the summer peak of 35. On top of this, a lease is turning sticky and five more planes could be withdrawn. With just over 10 Bombardier Q400s in service, the airline is almost 100 flights down from the summer high of 345 flights daily.
With aircraft induction by other players falling way short of SpiceJet's fleet reduction, this winter peak season has seen a serious demand-supply mismatch. Also, with flyers fighting shy of booking on SpiceJet, other players are witnessing additional demand, thereby pushing their fares up even more. The net result is that fares are up despite a 22% fall in jet fuel prices from this January to December.
Of the Indian carriers, only 88-aircraft-strong IndiGo has been expanding its domestic fleet aggressively. It is taking 12 planes from Singapore-based Tiger Airways on lease at the rate of two per month till next March, apart from buying more planes. Air India is inducting Dreamliners mainly for international flights. The Tata-Singapore Airlines JV Vistara is yet to take off. And the Tata-AirAsia JV LCC has only two aircraft as of now.
Airlines have benefited from the high spot fares. "Till October and November 2014, fares yields for airlines were lower by 8% to 10% over same period last year. From the last week of November to date, yields are now up 10% from last year," Dhall said.
Ironically, the problem of high spot fares can also be traced back to SpiceJet which earlier this year rolled out deeply discounted advance booking tickets to raise some working capital. All other airlines were also forced to do the same. "As a result, most of the inventory for this winter travel season is already sold out. Whatever seats left are going at higher levels," said Anil Kalsi , a leading Delhi-based travel agent.
Now, even advance fares are affected since SpiceJet tickets can only be booked a month in advance as per the DGCA advisory.
The sharp rise in domestic travel demand — a mix of those who habitually book at the last minute and those who were supposed to fly SpiceJet but whose flights were cancelled — is accentuating this problem. A frequent flyer recalls buying a Mumbai-Delhi ticket for Rs 18,000 one-way recently.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Over 3 crore court cases pending across countryOver 3 crore court cases pending across country
Atlanta eyes Rs 2K cr road projects; 700 cr revenue by FY16Atlanta eyes Rs 2K cr road projects; 700 cr revenue by FY16
Turnover of interest rate futures jumps over 54% in NovTurnover of interest rate futures jumps over 54% in Nov
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 7:  
Total turnover of interest rate futures on the three major stock exchanges surged 54.4 per cent to Rs 39,817 crore in November compared to the previous month.
The total trading value of IRF on BSE, NSE and MCX-SX stood at Rs 25,785 crore in October 2014, according to the exchanges’ data.
The volume of IRF contracts traded on the bourses also climbed by over 52 per cent to 19.58 lakh last month. In October, the number of contracts traded was 12.84 lakh.
An IRF is a contract between a buyer and a seller agreeing to the future delivery of any interest-bearing asset such as government bonds. The contract was launched on the three exchanges in January this year.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) had the largest share (92.6 per cent) in total turnover at Rs 36,875 crore for November. The exchange witnessed a trade value of Rs 23,826 crore in October.
The BSE recorded a turnover of Rs 2,919.14 crore in November against Rs 1,954 crore in October.
Trading in IRF on MCX-SX witnessed improvement last month. Its turnover in the category rose to Rs 22.65 crore in November from Rs 5 crore in October.
In terms of volumes, more than 18 lakh contracts were traded on the NSE last month, while on BSE IRF, the volumes stood at 1.43 lakh. Only 116 contracts were traded on MCX-SX during last month.
Banks, primary dealers, mutual funds, insurance companies, FIIs, corporates, brokers as well as retail investors trade in this product.
The cash-settled IRFs provide market participants with a better option to hedge risks arising from fluctuation in interest rates, which depend on various factors, including RBI policy, demand for liquidity and flow of overseas funds.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

FPI flow in equities at Rs 1L cr | Top 6 cos lose Rs 54K cr in m-capFPI flow in equities at Rs 1L cr | Top 6 cos lose Rs 54K cr in m-cap
PM visits boost India s perception as investment destinationPM visits boost India s perception as investment destination
Carlson Rezidor to add 3 000 rooms in IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Carlson Rezidor to add 3,000 rooms in India
PTI
Opens Radisson Blu, its first hotel in North East at Guwahati
Guwahati, Dec 7:  
Global hospitality major Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group plans to add 3,000 new rooms to its portfolio under various brands across India over the next 3-4 years, creating 4,500-5,000 new jobs.
The Group, which has been primarily into big cities in India, will have most of its planned 27-28 new hotels in tier-II cities of the country.
“The Carlson Rezidor Group continues to add 7-8 hotels every year to its portfolio and we will continue this rate. At present, we have 27-28 hotels in pipeline and in various stages of completion,” Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group (South Asia) Chief Executive Officer Raj Rana told PTI.
The total numbers of rooms under construction are around 3,000 and these hotels will be operational over the next 3-4 years, he added.
Hiring plan
On hiring staff for the proposed hotels, Rana said: “We will require a good strength of new employees. We estimate that 4,500-5,000 new jobs will be created for these upcoming properties.”
Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group currently has 73 operational hotels across India, offering about 9,000 rooms under various categories and employs around 15,000 people.
The group last week opened its first hotel in North East at Guwahati.
The ‘Radisson Blu’ is the 9th property opened this year and was constructed by Dharampal Satyapal Group.
“Guwahati is the gateway to North East and we are very happy to start the first five-star property in the region. We are already seeing very good response to the hotel and expect that it will achieve sustainable operational profit within next one year,” Rana said.
The hotel, located on National Highway 37 in suburb of Guwahati offering a view of Deepor Beel Bird Sanctuary, has 196 luxury rooms and is currently employing around 250 people.
Asked about the Group’s plan regarding North East, Rana said: “The region has growing potential. We have already received queries from other cities. We are exploring what brand will be appropriate in those smaller places.”
He said the Group has a policy to have at least one property in each state capital of the country.
Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group has over 1,350 hotels in operation and under development in more than 105 countries across the world, employing 88,000 people.
The Group operates brands like Quorvus Collection, Radisson Blu, Radisson, Radisson Red, Park Plaza and Park Inn under Radisson, while Country Inns & Suites under Carlson.
Carlson Rezidor plans to grow its portfolio to nearly 1,500 hotels in operation and under development by 2015.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Axis Bank Raises Rs 5 705 Crore in Infra BondsYou are here: Home Market
Axis Bank Raises Rs 5,705 Crore in Infra Bonds
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 04, 2014 21:43 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Mumbai: Country's third largest private sector lender Axis Bank today raised Rs 5,705 crore in infrastructure bonds in a single-largest closure since the instrument was introduced in July.
The senior unsecured redeemable non-convertible debentures have a maturity of 20 years and carry coupon of 8.85 per cent payable annually and will be allotted to the eligible investors tomorrow, the bank said in a statement.
The city-based bank said the issue received very strong demand from pensions and provident funds, multilateral financial institutions, mutual funds, foreign financial institutions and insurers.
It can be noted that the World Bank group member IFC had announced that a significant part of a Rs 2,000-crore rupee bond raised by it will be invested for Axis Bank's upcoming infrastructure bond.
"We are pleased to have received a very good response for the infrastructure bonds from the domestic as well as foreign investors," bank's president for treasury, business banking and capital markets Sidharth Rath said.
He further said though the issue was launched immediately after a $500-million international bond offering by the bank last month, it received good response.
The Reserve Bank had in July issued the guidelines allowing banks to raise long-term money to fund longer gestation infrastructure projects.
Axis' larger rival ICICI Bank was among the first ones to tap the opportunity offered by the new regulation by raising Rs 3,900 crore by selling 10-year paper at a semi-annualised rate of 9.25 per cent.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 21:41 (IST)

Sugar output rises 56% till November-end  saysIsmaRice cultivation in east India is ‘net carbon sink’
The country’s sugar production rose 56% up to November 30 in the marketing year that started in October from a year before, mainly on higher output in Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh, according to the first set of actual output data this season compiled by the Indian Sugar Mills Association (Isma).
Output hit 1.78 million tonne as of November 30, compared with 1.14 million tonne a year before, showed the data. As many as 297 sugar mills have started cane crushing this year — against 262 a year before — while roughly 200 mills have to yet start operations. However, the pace of growth in production, compared with 2013-14, will narrow in the coming days as production by major mills — especially in UP — had picked up only in December last year.
The food ministry has projected a 4% rise in production for the entire 2014-15 to 25.50 million tonne, while Isma has forecast output in the range of 25-25.50 million tonne. Higher production in 2014-15 will mark a fifth straight year of surplus stocks for the world’s second-largest producer and biggest consumer. Domestic demand is expected to be a maximum of 24.50 million tonne this year.
The Isma data showed higher production up to end-November was aided by a better crop in Maharashtra this year and the relatively early resolution of a deadlock in UP as the state government announced some incentives after mills had refused to start crushing unless the state government firmed up a cane pricing formula and also offered all the promised incentives for last year.
In 2013-14, crushing by major mills in UP could be started only in December due to a delay in a settlement between them and the state government under which the state promised some incentives to lighten the burden for high raw material prices fixed by it.
As of November 30 in UP, 60 of the 124 sugar mills and co-operatives started crushing, compared with just 24 (mainly state-run mills and co-operatives with limited capacity) a year before. Consequently, 1,20,000 tonne of sugar was produced as of November 30, compared with just 12,000 in the same period last year.
In Karnataka, 3,36,000 tonne of sugar was produced by November 30, marginally higher than 3,28,000 tonne a year earlier.  Only 31 mills started crushing in the state, against 54 a year before.
“However, it is important to note that in view of the problems being faced by several sugar mills in Karnataka regarding cane price payment to the farmers for the 2013-14 season, which had arisen due to adverse judgment from the Karnataka High Court, some sugar mills which had started their crushing operations had shut down their factories for some time and, therefore, the number of factories under operations as of November 30 is lower,” Isma said in a statement.
However, with the Karnataka government intervening in the matter, the sugar mills have reportedly started their crushing operations thereafter, it added.
The opening stocks of 2014-15 were to the tune of 7.5 million tonne, down from 9.3 million tonne a year before, mainly due to exports of raw sugar. However, stocks are still enough to keep domestic sugar prices subdued even when raw material prices have been rising consistently.
TAGS: Sugar Mills
More from commodities
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

ADM lifts stake in Singaporean rivalADM boosts stake in food commodities rival Wilmar
Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f896b544-7cc8-11e4-b944-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vodafone & Airtel get 45 days to vacate spectrumVodafone, Airtel get 45 days to vacate spectrum
By Anandita Singh Mankotia , ET Bureau | 6 Dec, 2014, 06.39AM IST
The decision will now need to be ratified by the Telecom Commission, the highest decision-making body at the Department of Telecommunications. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The telecom department has agreed to let Bharti Airtel and Vodafone keep using airwaves for which permits have expired, following intense pressure from the regulator and the carriers. The move will come as a relief to millions of users in Delhi and Mumbai circles who may have had to face service disruptions otherwise.
While the telecom department (DoT) has allowed an extension until mid-January for the Delhi circle, Vodafone can use its airwaves till mid-December in Mumbai. The decision will now need to be ratified by the Telecom Commission, the highest decision-making body at the Department of Telecommunications (DoT).
The commission is scheduled to meet on December 8. In a note to the Telecom Commission, DoT has said it has "no other" alternative but to agree to the operators' request for a 45-day extension in Delhi and 15 days in Mumbai. The companies sought the extra time to migrate to new frequencies that were allotted by the telecom department as late as October, leaving them just over a month to complete the changeover.
Spectrum usage charges
"To avoid large-scale disruptions to networks which may cause inconvenience to millions of subscribers and in public interest," the joint proposals by the operators "may be considered", the DoT said, clarifying the reason for its decision. The note further mentions that the top three operators — Bharti, Vodafone and Idea, in that order — have also agreed to pay spectrum usage charges from the time of earmarking of new airwaves bought in February.
This means each paying the spectrum charge from when the telecom department allotted the airwaves, irrespective of usage. The three operators had said that to avoid large-scale disruptions in connectivity, Idea had agreed to let its two rivals use its airwaves in the 900MHz band until January 15 in Delhi, with no financial implications.
This arrangement would allow Airtel and Vodafone some more time to deploy networks in the newly allotted frequencies they won in February, ensuring that services won't be disrupted during the changeover. But for this arrangement to work, they needed DoT's approval.More than 28 million subscribers -20 million for Bharti and Vodafone in Delhi and 8 million for Vodafone in Mumbai -could have faced severe network disruptions and call congestion had the telecom department not agreed to the spectrum rejig proposal sent jointly by the two operators and Idea Cellular .
It will also avoid a confrontation between DoT and Bharti-Vodafone. The carriers were unwilling to return the spectrum despite their permits having expired on November 29, citing connectivity disruptions. They were even ready to risk a fine if the government rejected their extension request, which they would then have challenged in court.
At the heart of the issue lies a delay of several months on part of the telecom department in allotting the frequencies won by all three operators in Delhi, Bharti Airtel in Mumbai and both Airtel and Vodafone in Kolkata in February this year. Bharti and Vodafone had lost part of their crucial 900 Mhz spectrum to Idea in Delhi, while Vodafone needed to surrender some of its holding to Bharti in the Mumbai circle.
However, operators were allotted their 'newly acquired' frequencies less than a month before their permits expired. This, the operators said, was insufficient time for them to retune their existing telecom infrastructure to the newly allotted frequencies.
In several letters to the telecom department, they had said they needed additional time before they could reconfigure their networks and in the meantime they should be allowed to continue using their older holdings, failing which more than 45% subscribers in Delhi alone would face severe disruption. The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India had also came down heavily on the telecom department for failing to allot airwaves on time.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

US erupts against police misconduct  justice systemDecember 6, 2014, 5:13 am IST Seema Sirohi in Letter from Washington | World | ET
7
They chanted “I can’t breathe” and “Hands up, don’t shoot,” as thousands of people gathered in city squares across the United States to protest police brutality against African-Americans and the failure of the judicial system to protect minorities.
The two slogans have become potent symbols of things gone horribly wrong between the police and the black community whether in liberal New York or the conservative mid-western state of Missouri. There is no trust between the two as scores of interviews on radio and television have revealed over the past week.
Parts of New York City were shut down on Thursday by protesters who have gathered spontaneously two nights in a row in the bitter cold to show their anger against police. Police spokesmen, meanwhile, staunchly defended police action on TV talk shows claiming the shooting of black men was justified.
Two grand jury decisions in quick succession exonerating white police officers in connection with the deaths of two unarmed blacks – one a teen and another an asthmatic who kept crying “I can’t breathe” as he was wrestled down in a stranglehold – have sparked widespread outrage. The failure to charge the officer, especially in the case of Eric Garner whose choking by a policeman in July was caught on film by a citizen and ruled a “homicide” by the coroner, has laid bare the realities of a skewed system.
Garner’s crime was selling loose cigarettes in New York City’s Staten Island district, a predominantly white community. About seven policemen confronted him while one went behind him to control him with a “chokehold” – a practice prohibited by NY police. Wednesday’s stunning news came barely a week after a similar decision in Ferguson, Missouri, where a white police officer escaped indictment for killing Michael Brown, an 18-year-old, by saying Brown was like a “demon” ready to “charge” at him after an altercation.
Several witnesses said that Brown moved with his hands up in a gesture to surrender but was shot down. Ferguson erupted into violence under a state of emergency with hundreds of African-Americans taking to the streets in protest. They were tear gassed by heavily armed police in military gear and armoured vehicles. Then came the New York jury’s decision triggering more protests.
Groups of people converged in Oakland, Seattle, Washington DC, Philadelphia and Denver against what many see as a crude manifestation of racism where blacks are automatically perceived as dangerous and mistreated by a mostly white police force.
Just this year there have been several cases although only a few caught national attention. On August 5, police shot and killed John Crawford, 22, because he was looking at a toy gun inside a Walmart store in Ohio and did not put it down when police ordered him to.
Last month, a 12-year-old boy, Tamir Rice, was shot dead for brandishing a toy gun in a park also in Ohio. Police spokesmen say that many suspects are armed and dangerous and that they cannot take a chance. Yet, in all these cases, the suspects were unarmed but they were all African-Americans.
President Barack Obama, the first African-American president, is caught between Scylla and Charybdis – if he speaks the truth, the white majority would say he is siding with his own, if he doesn’t, he risks causing despair among blacks for whom he is a hero and a symbol of pride. “Too many Americans feel deep unfairness when it comes to the gap between our professed ideals and how laws are applied on a dayto-day basis,” he said.
Obama has walked a fine line on the race issue which, some say, is too fine. He has talked in the past of his own experience as a young black male and how he was followed by security when he went shopping in a department store.
In the face of Ferguson and New York, Obama and the Department of Justice have promised a full investigation and reforms. So far the main thrust had been to order all police on duty to wear video cameras so interactions with the public and suspects can be taped. However, in Garner’s case, despite video evidence and the coroner’s report, the jury decided not to indict the policeman responsible.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Trees felled  power cut as Typhoon Hagupit hits PhilippinesBy: Reuters | Manila |
Posted: December 6, 2014 7:28 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 7:29 pm
Strong winds felled trees as a powerful typhoon roared into the eastern Philippines on Saturday, bringing intense rain and threatening to wreak more destruction to areas still bearing the scars of a super typhoon 13 months ago.
More than half a million people had already fled to shelters ahead of Typhoon Hagupit making landfall, in what a U.N. agency said was one of the world’s biggest peacetime evacuations.
As the storm arrived, power was cut across most of the central Philippine island of Samar and nearby Leyte province, including Tacloban City, considered ground zero of the devastating super typhoon Haiyan last year.
“The wind is blowing so strongly, it’s like it is whirling,” Mabel Evardone, an official of the coastal town of Sulat in Eastern Samar, said on local radio. “The waters have risen now.” There was no word of any casualties.
Hagupit had weakened to a category 3 storm, two notches below “super typhoon”, but could still unleash huge destruction with torrential rain and potentially disastrous storm surges of up to 4.5 metres (15 ft), the weather bureau PAGASA said.
The eye of the typhoon was 55 km (35 miles) from the town of Dolores, Eastern Samar, around 8 p.m. (1200 GMT), PAGASA said.
“It is very, very close. What they are experiencing in that area is the impact of the eyewall, they are feeling the strongest winds brought by the typhoon,” weather forecaster Jori Loiz said on radio.
With winds of up to 175 kph (110 mph) near the centre and gusts of up to 210 kph (130 mph), the storm picked up speed as it moved north northwest at 16 kph (10 mph).
“Ruby’s lashing will be severe,” Interior Secretary Manuel Roxas told government radio, referring to the local name for Typhoon Hagupit. “Let’s be alert. Let’s evacuate to prevent any harm to your families.”
Philippine Airlines and Cebu Pacific cancelled about 100 flights to central and southern Philippines on Saturday.
More than 616,000 residents of low-lying villages and landslide-prone areas have fled to schools, civic centres, town halls, gyms and churches, the national disaster agency said.
At least 50 municipalities in the central Philippines and the southern part of the country’s main Luzon island were at risk of storm surges, with the eye of the storm set to cross four provinces, the Science and Technology department said.
The typhoon was unlikely to hit the capital Manila, home to around 12 million people, the agency said.
“Typhoon Hagupit is triggering one of the largest evacuations we have ever seen in peacetime,” said Denis McClean, spokesman of the United Nations Office for Disaster continued…

Lok Adalat settles 1.25 crore cases in a dayNEW DELHI, December 7, 2014
Updated: December 7, 2014 02:14 IST
Lok Adalat settles 1.25 crore cases in a day
Krishnadas Rajagopal
Tweet
The Hindu
Justice Anil R. Dave flanked by Justice Shiva Kirti Singh (left) and Justice Deepak Misra share a lighter moment after inagurating Lok Adalat at Supreme Court of India, in New Delhi on Saturday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
judiciary (system of justice)
The Second National Lok Adalat held across the country on Saturday amicably settled about 1.25 crore pending and pre-litigation cases and brought financial relief of over Rs. 3,000 crore to ordinary litigants in a single day.
The Adalat held over the day and organised by the National Legal Service Authority (NALSA) has reduced backlog by about nine percent in all the States.
Even in the Supreme Court, 28 out of 53 cases put up for settlement were disposed of and cheques were handed out at the time of settlement itself.
The cases settled out of court include family disputes, matrimonial cases, motor accident claims, bank recoveries, petty criminal matters, revenue matters, disbursement of payment under the MGNREGA and other government welfare schemes.
It able to resolve nearly double the number of disputes than last year. In November 2013, around 71 lakh cases were settled in the First National Lok Adalat.
“It is evident that the Second National Lok Adalat has greatly benefited the common man,” a statement issued by NALSA, of which the Chief Justice of India is patron, said.
The Lok Adalat hearings were held in courts at all levels, right from the Supreme Court to the High Courts to the taluk courts. In Delhi, the State Legal Services Authority expanded the network of Lok Adalats to include the State Consumer Dispute Redressal Commission, the Debt Recovery Tribunals, the Central Administrative Tribunals, Revenue Department Courts, Sub Divisional Magistrates and district consumer forums.
Inaugurating the National Lok Adalat at the Supreme Court in the morning, Justice Anil R. Dave asked litigants to keep their ego in control and have a “big heart” to help dispose of the cases. He said alternative dispute mechanisms like the Lok Adalat were the “best ways to resolve a dispute”.
“It is less expensive and relations between litigants do not get strained,” Justice Dave said.

Typhoon Hagupit slams into eastern Philippines  thousands fleeTyphoon Hagupit slams into eastern Philippines, thousands flee
AP
print
Typhoon Hagupit
Typhoon Hagupit slammed into the central Philippines' east coast late Saturday, knocking out power and toppling trees in a region where 650,000 people have fled to safety, still haunted by the massive death and destruction wrought by a monster storm last year.
Packing maximum sustained winds of 175 kilometers (109 miles) per hour and gusts of 210 kph (130 mph), Hagupit made landfall in Dolores, a coastal town facing the Pacific in Eastern Samar province, according to the Philippines' weather agency. There were no immediate reports of casualties.
Although it was unlikely to reach the unprecedented strength of Typhoon Haiyan, Hagupit's strong winds and heavy rain were enough to possibly cause major damage to an impoverished region still reeling from the devastating November 2013 storm, which left more than 7,300 people dead or missing.
"There are many trees that have toppled, some of them on the highway," police Senior Inspector Alex Robin said by phone late Saturday from Dolores, hours before Hagupit made landfall. "We are totally in the dark here. The only light comes from flashlights."
From Eastern Samar, Hagupit - Filipino for "smash" or "lash" - was expected to hammer parts of a string of island provinces that was devastated by Haiyan's tsunami-like storm surges and ferocious winds. Hagupit weakened slightly on Saturday, but remained dangerously powerful and erratic.
Residents are evacuated to a safe place in Legazpi City, Albay province, southeast of Manila Saturday ahead of the arrival of Typhoon Hagupit. (AFP Photo)
Robin said about 600 families had hunkered down in Dolores' three-story municipal hall, one of many emergency shelters in the town.
"Everyone here is just looking for a place to sleep," he said. "All the windows are closed, but it is still cool because of the wind and the rain."
Eastern Samar province Rep. Ben Evardone said electricity also was knocked out early Saturday in Borongan city, about 70 kilometers (43 miles) south of Dolores, where the government has set up a command center for rescue and relief operations headed by Interior Secretary Mar Roxas.
Evardone said the strong winds also felled trees and ripped off roofing sheets. "You can hear the whistling of the wind," he said.
"Everybody is in fear because of what happened during (Haiyan)," Evardone said. "We can already feel the wrath of the typhoon. Everybody is praying."
Big waves have pushed seawater over concrete walls along a boulevard, flooding it, Evardone said.
Army troops deployed to supermarkets and major roads in provinces in the typhoon's path to prevent looting and chaos and clear debris, all of which slowed the government's response last year, said Gen. Gregorio Pio Catapang, head of the Philippines' 120,000-strong military.
"We're on red alert, so the entire armed forces is being mobilized for this typhoon," Catapang said at a news conference.
Waves, brought by Typhoon Hagupit, hit a concrete barrier along the Boulevard Seaport in Surigao City, southern Philippines Saturday. (Reuters photo)
While unlikely to reach Haiyan's strength, forecasters said Hagupit's maximum sustained winds and gusts were strong enough to set off deadly storm surges and landslides and cause heavy damage to communities and agriculture.
With a whirling band of rain clouds spanning 600 kilometers (373 miles), Hagupit has gained speed and was moving westward at 16 kph (10 mph), according to forecasters.
In the central city of Tacloban, where Haiyan's storm surges killed thousands of people and leveled villages, news of the approaching typhoon rekindled painful memories. Many residents fled to storm shelters, a sports stadium and churches even before authorities urged them to evacuate.
"I'm scared," said Haiyan survivor Jojo Moro. "I'm praying to God not to let another disaster strike us again. We haven't recovered from the first."
The 42-year-old businessman, who lost his wife, daughter and mother last year in Tacloban, said he stocked up on sardines, instant noodles, eggs and water.
Around 650,000 people have been moved to safety, including in Tacloban. A U.N. humanitarian agency spokesman, Denis McClean, said in Geneva that it was one of the largest peacetime evacuations in Philippine history. It also was reminiscent of the evacuation of 1 million people along India's coastline before Cyclone Phailin hit in October 2013.
Nearly 100 domestic flights have been canceled and inter-island ferry services suspended, stranding thousands of people.
A man throws wood along the shore as strong waves from Typhoon Hagupit hit Atimonan, Quezon province, eastern Philippines Saturday. (AP Photo)
"We've not heard of villagers resisting to be evacuated," regional disaster-response director Blanche Gobenciong said. "Their trauma is still so fresh."
In Tacloban, residents stacked sandbags to block floodwaters. One McDonald's restaurant was closed and boarded up to prevent a repetition of Haiyan's deluge, which shattered glass panes and doors of business establishments, allowing looting to take place.
Disaster preparations widened after two agencies tracking the typhoon closely - the U.S. military's Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii and the Philippine weather agency - predicted different directions for Hagupit.
The US agency said Hagupit (pronounced HA'-goo-pit) may veer northwest after coming inland and sweep past the southern edge of the capital, Manila, a city of more than 12 million people. The Philippine agency, known by its acronym PAGASA, projected a more southern path.
Gobenciong said the unpredictable path made it harder to ascertain which areas would be hit, but added that everybody "should prepare for the worst."
"We have a zero-casualty target," she said. "Just one loss of life will really sadden us all and make us wonder what went wrong."
Watch: Philippines residents flee homes ahead of Typhoon Hagupit

Consumers to Get Choice to Select Power Discom: Piyush GoyalUp to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: In a significant power sector reform measure, the government on Saturday said it will soon make necessary amendments to the Electricity Act to allow consumers to choose their distribution company.
"Electricity Act has been in discussion for quite some time. The act was put up for stakeholders' consultation. We have received various suggestions," Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal told reporters here at a CII event.
"What we are looking at is allowing competition at last mile delivery so that consumers have a choice of supplier of electricity... it will also help states serve the people better," the minister said.
Mr Goyal assured that wherever there existing power purchase agreements, the interests of stakeholders will be protected in consultation with certain benchmarks set by the regulator.
The minister said competition will be encouraged at the last mile in the interest of keeping tariff low, competitive and for better customer service.
On being asked about allowing end users of electricity to select their own power distribution firm, Mr Goyal said it will be done gradually, adding that it was tried in Maharashtra but due to some court decisions it couldn't go further.
There were some hurdles under the Electricity Act of 2003, he said when asked why the proposed model did not work in that state.
"We are trying to resolve those hurdles under the current amendment to the Electricity Act," he added.
Story first published on: December 06, 2014 16:44 (IST)

Hope SpiceJet will come out of current crisis: Gajapathi RajuAshok Gajapathi Raju
Govt wants the airline connectivity to go on
A day after the DGCA directive on SpiceJet, and the aviation watchdog putting the airline under ``heightened surveillance”, Union Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju met with select newspersons including Business Line and said he hoped that SpiceJet will fly, what it has said comes through (about a potential investor for the airline) and it continues to be of service to Indians.
Edited excerpts from the interview:
Why DGCA’s heightened surveillance on SpiceJet?
Ans: For some time (now) it has been generating anxiety. The heightened surveillance is more a safety requirement. We cannot compromise on safety.
We just wish that the airline will do well and come out of all this. We do not wish any airline to close down but if they decide to go out of business there is hardly anything that we can do. We will like our connectivity to go on. And we would like a situation where our passengers do not feel that they are being taken for a ride.
Do you think DGCA’s action will precipitate the closure of the airline?
Ans: It might precipitate something whether closure or good and practical performance…. It is a double edged sword.
Have any concerns been raised about safety because of the financial stress that the airline is in?
Ans: It might tend to neglect (safety). But as of now no instance has been reported. This is precautionary because of the books reflecting all this.
The US Federal Aviation Authority’s (FAA) audit of Indian aviation begins on Monday. Do you think this is one of the things they might want to look into?
Ans: FAA has already raised its objections on why they have downgraded India, they have a reason. The idea of asking them to come for an audit is because you feel you have met those criteria. You want to get back to Category 1 as downgrade has implications.
Before action was taken by the DGCA was the Ministry informed about it?
Ans: What do we mean by information to the Ministry? We were aware that SpiceJet’s books were bad. Spicejet made a presentation to me some time back. They had interactions at different levels. Everyone will try and be helpful up to a point.
Has that point come as far as SpiceJet is concerned?
Ans: I do not know. I do not do the research.
What we are trying to find out is whether the Ministry directed the action or was it taken independently?
Ans: I do not think anybody would have directed the DGCA to do this. Why will anyone? I do not think DGCA will be directed by anyone. You get your information through many sources. So as a Ministry we are open to everyone.
How different is the SpiceJet situation from that of Kingfisher?
Ans: I was not the aviation minister when Kingfisher crashed.
Have your officials at any time said we need to take action otherwise this could be another Kingfisher?
Ans: We did not use Kingfisher as our model. It was unfortunate that Kingfisher went down. We do not want SpiceJet to go down. If they are still able to pull up their socks why not?
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related
DGCA cracks whip on SpiceJet
TOPICS

Centre s plan to cut stake in PSU banks unlikely to boost efficiency  say expertsCentre's plan to cut stake in PSU banks unlikely to boost efficiency, say experts
Arup Roychoudhury | New Delhi Dec 06, 2014 10:36 PM IST
The Centre's plan to reduce its stake in state-run banks could bring Rs 89,120 crore to its coffers, at current market prices, but that might not make the lenders more efficient, say analysts.
On Tuesday, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in Parliament that the government was looking to reduce its stake in state-owned banks to 52 per cent in a phased manner. "A proposal for allowing public-sector banks (PSBs) to raise capital from the market by diluting the government's holding to up to 52 per cent in a phased manner is under consideration," Jaitley had said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.
A study of the PSBs' stakeholding patterns shows that at current prices the proceeds will be the highest from sale of a 6.6 per cent stake in State Bank of India, the country's largest lender. That stake would be worth about Rs 15,706 crore. Other high amounts would come from mid-cap banks - Central Bank of India and Canara Bank. The Centre holds a 84.2-per cent stake in Central Bank and a 69 per cent stake in Canara Bank. A 32 per cent disinvestment in the former would fetch it about Rs 3,664 crore, while a 17 per cent stake sale in the latter would bring Rs 3,125.74 crore. PSBs need Rs 2.4 lakh crore in equity by 2018 to meet the Basel-III requirements on capital adequacy. There is no timeline as yet on when the Centre will divest its stakes in these banks. ( THE PLAN AHEAD )
"Which banks are divested first and which later depends on how well each bank is capitalised. Chances are, the government will sell stakes in the smaller banks first," said Vaibhav Agarwal, an analyst at Angel Broking.
At a time when banks are staring at substantial non-performing assets (NPAs), the capital raised will help the entities enhance lending to meet the credit requirements of productive sectors. The finance ministry is preparing a blueprint on raising capital from the market and other potential resources.
Replying to another question, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha said public-sector banks' gross NPAs at the end of September this year were more than Rs 2.43 lakh crore. He also said the amount of NPAs of top 30 was Rs 87,368 crore - 35.9 per cent of total gross NPAs of PSBs. However, sector watchers believe the banks need to be more accountable to ensure the high level of NPAs is reduced from books, and that can happen only if they are privatised. According to law, government holding in PSBs cannot fall below 51 per cent.
"Government holding at 58 per cent or 52 per cent makes no difference. Nothing will improve unless these banks are privatised," Agarwal said.
He added that the Centre should go for the offer-for-sale or the follow-on public offering route to divest stake in these banks, instead of going for preferential stake sales to qualified institutional investors.
In September, former financial services secretary G S Sandhu had said: "If banks have to raise money from the market, government stake has to come down. That is part of our paper."
He added share sales in banks would be a mix of qualified institutional placements and public placements.
In 2013-14, the government had infused Rs 14,000 crore in these banks. For 2012-13, 2011-12 and 2010-11, the infusion stood at Rs 12,500 crore, Rs 12,000 crore and Rs 20,000 crore, respectively. Due to fiscal constraints, the finance ministry has sanctioned only Rs 11,200 crore this year from budgetary resources, asking banks to consider other options for meeting their requirements.

Typhoon Hagupit slams into PhilippinesLast updated: December 7, 2014 7:15 am
Typhoon Hagupit tears into Philippines
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/75e04202-7d6b-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Communist heirs in control of German stateCommunist heirs win control of German state of Thuringia
Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/059fec90-7c71-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shadow trading signals financial crisis in UkraineShadow currency trade points to new Ukraine financial crisis
Roman Olearchyk in Kiev and Neil Buckley in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e608e5a0-719c-11e4-9048-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Time to offer Putin a dealIt is time for the west and Ukraine to offer Putin a deal
John Thornhill
Ukraine will never succeed with a hostile Russia on its borders, writes John Thornhill
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b828fec6-6b30-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Army finds food packets with markings used in Pakistan; night vision goggles alsorecoveredPrint
In a daring pre-dawn attack ahead of third phase of elections in Jammu and Kashmir on December 9, heavily armed militants killed 8 Army men and three policemen around 3.10 AM at the camp in Mohra in Uri tehsil of north Kashmir’s Baramulla district. (Source: AP)
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar |
Posted: December 7, 2014 10:49 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 7:35 pm
A day after the attack on the Mohura Army camp in which six militants, eight soldiers and three policemen were killed, Army Chief Gen Dalbir Singh said the attack was an attempt to disrupt ongoing elections in the state. Meanwhile, officials in Mohura said they have recovered a large quantity of weapons and food items that the militants were carrying with them.
The Army said they recovered canned packets of keema stew, chicken achari, chicken karahi, daal maash, dates and almonds from the possession of the six militants. The sources said the food packets had Urdu marking that are used in Pakistan. Night vision goggles were also recovered.
“This was an attempt by inimical elements to disrupt the remaining phases of the polls as they were unnerved by the high voter turnout in the first two phases,’’ Gen Singh said in Srinagar soon after chairing a high-level security meet at 15 Corps headquarters. The Army Chief said that the peaceful atmosphere in which the polls have been conducted in the first two phases was possible due to the efforts put in by the security forces.
“The brave soldiers are performing in the harshest of terrain and weather conditions. The supreme sacrifice was in order to ensure that the militants were prevented from reaching the populated areas and causing harm to civilians,’’ he said, adding that the nefarious designs of the adversary have been foiled.
Earlier in the day, the Army chief paid homage to the soldiers, killed in the operation at Badami Bagh Cantonment, by laying wreaths. The bodies of soldiers were then sent by air to their home towns. After the wreath-laying ceremony, he was briefed at 15 Corps on the two recent operations which resulted in the elimination of 12 militants.

Obama s new immigration rules to benefit up to 1 70 000 IndiansUnder Barack Obama's new immigration rules, upto 1,70,000 illegal Indians in US will benefit
7 Dec, 2014, 09.00AM IST
A large number of Indians will get a reprieve from having to leave the country through another provision, which allows spouses & children of green card holders to apply for a waiver from illegal status.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By: Sam Jillela
WASHINGTON, DC: Sundar Rao and his wife, Suma, along with their two children, Radha and Rama, arrived in the US on tourist visas in the summer of 2003. After overstaying their six-month visa period, the Raos fell "out-of-status", in the parlance of the US Citizenship and Immigration Services, and eventually became undocumented immigrants.
Under the current rules, the 49-year-old Sundar and Suma, 44, are candidates for deportation, just like most of the over 11 million other undocumented immigrants living in this country.
Help has come their way with US president Barack Obama's sweeping executive order on immigration two weeks ago, which gives protection from deportation to parents of American citizens and green card holders, provided they have been in the country since January 1, 2010.
The reason the Raos can now stay in the US and pursue a green card and eventual citizenship is Radha, their elder daughter, who is now an American citizen after her marriage to a US national.
Protection from Deportation
Rao and Suma will be among the thousands of undocumented immigrants who will be protected from deportation under the executive order. Based on estimates by the Pew Research Center, a Washington-based think tank, the executive action would provide relief to as many as 1,70,000 Indians who are in the US illegally. An additional, 13,500 are protected from deportation even under the current law.
According to Pew, there are 4,50,000 undocumented immigrants from India. In terms of percentage, Indians are the second largest beneficiaries after the Mexicans. Roughly, 44% of the 5.9 million Mexicans will benefit, they will "account for two-thirds of those who will be eligible for deportation relief under Obama's executive action", according to Pew.
A large number of Indians will also get a reprieve from having to leave the country through another provision of the Obama's order, which allows the spouses and children of green card holders to apply for a waiver from the illegal status — and eventually to apply for green card — without leaving the US.
Delhi-born Mukul Trivedi (name changed) will benefit from this specific ruling. The 33-year-old Northern Virginia resident came to the US in 2005 with an entertainment group on a P-1B visa. After he decided not to return to India with the troupe, he became an unauthorised immigrant. Two years ago, he married a legal permanent resident.
Trivedi doesn't have to go back to India to fix his immigration status. Previously, he was required to leave the country and reapply if he wanted to return to the US, and he would have been banned for up to 10 years. Both Rao and Trivedi welcomed the executive order. "It is a real Thanksgiving gift," Trivedi said.
Page 1 of 2

Delhi cab rape case: Police conduct raids in Uttar Pradesh  search on for accusedComments
The Uber cab driver accused of raping a 25-year-old financial analyst in Delhi was arrested from his home town Mathura on Sunday, as the US online taxi-booking service faced several questions over lack of security checks.
Activists from All India Students Association (AISA) shout slogans against Delhi Police, protesting the rape of a woman by a cab driver, in New Delhi on Sunday. (Sonu Mehta/ HT photo)
Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, was nabbed by a joint team of the Delhi and Mathura police from the temple town in Uttar Pradesh where his car was found abandoned a day earlier.
He would be produced before a court in the Capital on Monday, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (north), said.
Yadav allegedly assaulted a 25-year-old woman MNC employee in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla late Friday night. The woman hailed a ride with him via Uber, which has launched an aggressive international expansion.
The alleged rape, reported days before the second anniversary of the brutal gangrape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in a moving bus in the Capital in December 2012, could have Uber facing legal action.
The San Francisco-based firm failed to run a background check on Yadav, also the car owner, and the vehicle was without a satellite tracking device, the police said. The address he gave to Uber was fake.
Police served a notice on the firm, asking it to join the investigation. “Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we’ll go for legal recourse,” Verma said. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case, he added.
The cab service initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
This made it difficult for the police initially. The breakthrough came after around 12 police teams carried out raids in different parts of UP, especially around Mathura, 160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi where the crime took place.
Laxmi Singh, deputy inspector general for Agra Range, said, "Police in Mathura, in coordination with the Delhi Police, were looking for the accused, who was finally arrested on Sunday evening from Meera Mohan Colony under Highway police station."
The driver had locked himself in a house to dodge the police teams chasing him, Deepak Mishra, special commissioner of Delhi Police (law and order), said.
The arrest came barely 30 minutes after the Delhi Police announced a reward of Rs. 1 lakh for information leading to Yadav.
Uber faces the heat
Uber has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the US.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokesperson.
But, it took the Delhi Police almost eight hours to trace Uber’s office in Gurgaon though the victim had provided them a picture of the car’s number plate she clicked on her phone.
Investigators found the Uber office locked, police said. The supervisor, they said, had little information about Yadav.
“The iPhone that was provided to him by Uber to track his location was switched off,” a senior investigating officer said. The SIM card of the phone was registered in the name of another driver, Gaurav, who told them that Yadav was a native of Mathura, the officer said.
Crime capital
The rape victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, told police she boarded the Uber cab at 9.30pm from south Delhi's Vasant Vihar, where she had gone for a party with friends.
She was raped at an isolated place between Sarai Rohilla and Inderlok, police said, adding the cabbie threatened to kill and sexually assault her with a rod if she resisted him. He dropped her home after the attack.
The cabbie even gave her a missed call from his mobile phone, police added.
According to her complaint, the woman had gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7pm. One of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat only to wake up and find that the car had stopped at a secluded spot.
The car doors were locked. When she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed and sexually assaulted her, police said.
"The woman clicked a photograph of the car's number plate and then made a PCR call to report the incident," police added.
The incident comes at a time when the Capital is under a high-security alert following threats of a sensational terror attack by Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Vehicle checks have been stepped up across the city and anti-sabotage barricades put in place ahead of US President Barack Obama's Republic Day visit to India.
Protests erupt
Dozens of students scuffled with officers on Sunday as they tried to enter police headquarters in New Delhi to protest the rising incidents of rape in the Capital.
"I am here to protest the irregularities and failure of the state machinery, which refuses to acknowledge that rapes happen due to their failure," said Urvashi Joshi, one of the demonstrators.
The protesters, from the All India Students Association, dispersed after an hour-long demonstration.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said the guilty should be booked immediately.
 
"The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future.
 
"This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government," Lalani said.
(With agency inputs)

New body must meet changing economic needs: PlanComm to PMNew body must meet changing economic needs: PlanComm to PM
Kiren Rijiju calls for peace in northeast regionKiren Rijiju calls for peace in northeast region
Misleading data by India aggravated floods: PakistanMisleading data by India aggravated floods: Pakistan
NBFCs bad loans level may go up to 6.1% in over 3 years: CARENBFCs bad loans level may go up to 6.1% in over 3 years: CARE
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 7:  
With the new framework issued by the Reserve Bank for non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), their gross NPA or bad loan level is likely to be in the range of 5.8—6.1 per cent of their advances by 2018, says a report.
Last month, RBI had issued ‘Revised Regulatory Framework for NBFCs’, aimed at strengthening the structural profile of the sector. The guidelines are to be implemented over the next three financial years.
“With the new framework, we estimate the gross NPA level (for NBFCs) may be in the range of 5.8-6.1 per cent by 2018 from around 3.4 per cent currently,” credit rating agency CARE said in a report.
It said the profitability of NBFCs would also see an impact of 35 to 45 bps due to revised guidelines.
NBFCs have witnessed a stress in asset quality during the last two—three years due to weak operating environment and economic downturn.
Sectors which are directly linked to economic activities like commercial vehicle, construction equipment and infrastructure financing have witnessed sharp deterioration in asset quality.
Gold loan NBFCs have also witnessed asset quality concerns on account of regulatory uncertainties, correction in gold prices and funding constraints.
In the new framework, RBI has tightened the NPA recognition and provisioning norms for NBFCs to bring them on par with those applicable for commercial banks.
The central bank made recognition norms for non— performing assets (NPAs) more stringent to 90+ days past due from 180+ earlier.
CARE said on the asset quality front, the transition phase will help in reducing the impact, but the asset quality parameters are likely to deteriorate during transition phase.
It believes that over the next three years there will be economic recovery and credit growth will pick up for NBFC sector as well.
“As a result, and over the period of three years, outstanding advances book will increase thereby lowering the NPA percentage,” the report said.
It also expects drastic reduction in fresh slippages for NBFCs with the economic recovery.
Over the transition phase, NBFCs will fine tune their systems and processes and try to align their borrowers to new reporting systems, the report said.
“We perceive revised regulations to be positive for the NBFC sector. We also believe that current profitability levels can absorb impact of additional provisioning requirements,” CARE said.
The regulations will make the NBFC sector structurally stronger, increase transparency and improve their ability to withstand asset quality shocks in the long run, it added.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Ashiana Housing to invest Rs 750 cr on new projectsAshiana Housing to invest Rs 750 cr on new projects
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
Realty firm Ashiana Housing today said that it will invest about Rs 750 crore in the next 3-4 years to develop four new housing projects in Haryana and Rajasthan.
Ashiana Housing, which focuses on the development of homes for senior citizens, has planned four new housing projects at Jaipur, Bhiwadi, Sohna-Gurgaon and Neemrana, its Managing Director Vishal Gupta said.
The Delhi-based firm would develop over 2,800 apartments in these four projects.
“We are launching four housing projects in the second half of this fiscal, of which one would be for senior living.
The total project cost would be about Rs 750 crore and the same would be funded through internal accruals,” Gupta said.
The projects would be delivered in the next four years.
Upcoming projects
Elaborating on the upcoming projects, Gupta said the company would develop 780 flats in a 13-acre housing project at Sohna-Gurgaon at a cost of about Rs 400 crore.
In Jaipur, Ashiana Housing will invest about Rs 180 crore to develop a 14-acre housing project comprising 1,100 flats.
That apart, the company would construct 650 homes for senior citizens in Bhiwadi at a cost of Rs 130 crore and over 300 apartments at Neemrana at a cost of Rs 60 crore.
Net profit, revenues
Ashiana Housing, which is listed on the BSE and NSE, posted a net profit of Rs 13.82 crore over a revenue of Rs 30.35 crore during the second quarter of this fiscal.
Gupta said the company is likely to achieve sales booking of over 2.2 million sq ft and construct 2.3 million sq ft area this fiscal.
Ashiana Housing has presence in Jaipur, Bhiwadi, Jodhpur, Neemrana, Sohna-Gurgaon, Jamshedpur, Halol in Gujarat and Lavasa township near Pune. It has also tied up for a project in Kolkata as well, but is waiting for approvals.
Last week, it had announced foray into the Chennai property market to develop a housing project, including homes for senior citizens, through a tie-up with a local developer.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

SEBI mulls norms for issuance  listing of municipal bondsSEBI mulls norms for issuance, listing of ‘municipal bonds’
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
To help channelise household savings and provide a new investment avenue, market regulator SEBI will soon come out with a new set of norms to enable issuance and listing of municipal bonds — a popular financial product in developed countries like the U.S.
Under the proposed framework currently under consideration of SEBI, municipal bonds would be debt securities issued by states, cities and other government entities which will use the money for infrastructure developments like buildings, schools, highways, hospitals, sewage systems and other projects for the public good.
An internal SEBI panel, the Corporate Bonds and Securities Advisory Committee (CoBoSAC) had constituted a sub-committee for specifying the disclosure and other requirements for issuance and listing of municipal bonds.
The sub-committee has submitted its report to the CoBoSAC, whose recommendations would form the basis to draft norms for way ahead of these bonds and the final guidelines would be put in place after going through a public consultation process on the draft norms, a senior official said.
Commonly known as ‘muni bonds’, these investment products are very popular among investors in many developed nations, especially the United States, where muni bonds have attracted investments totalling over $500 billion and are among preferred avenues for household savings.
These bonds can be issued by urban local bodies to finance infrastructure such as water supply and sanitation.
They serve as an efficient tool for local bodies to mop up funds and can be extensively tapped to meet funding needs of urbanisation, while providing a new investment avenue to the public and institutional investors.
The market for ‘muni bonds’ is yet to take off in India even though few municipalities here have offered such products in the past, while Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation in Gujarat was the first to launch such a bond way back in 1998.
While there is already an existing framework for issuance of muni bonds, including by the Ministry of Urban Development, there are no unified norms to bolster this nascent market.
The fresh push for muni bonds has come at a time when the regulators and the government are looking at ways to channelise household savings into the market to boost overall economic growth.
India’s savings rate stood at little over 30 per cent of the GDP in 2012-13 fiscal while household savings rate was nearly 22 per cent during the same period.
In India, muni bonds were issued for the first time by a municipality in Gujarat, the home state of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Way back in 1998, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation had become the first municipality to come out with muni bonds.
Since then few others, including Greater Vishakhapatnam Municipal Corporation, had issued such bonds.
India would need more than $800 billion investments to cater to the urban infrastructure needs over two decades, as per industry chamber Assocham, and muni bonds can serve as an effective fund-raising instrument in this regard.
Besides the U.S., other countries with a developed muni bond market include Canada and Russia.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Govt to consider 31 FDI proposals on Dec 16Govt to consider 31 FDI proposals on Dec 16
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
The Government will consider 31 foreign investment proposals, including that of Ratnakar Bank, Novartis Healthcare and HDFC Bank, on December 16.
Of the 31 items on the agenda, nine are those on which the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) had deferred a decision in its earlier meetings.
The nine proposals are Pureplay Investment Partners (Mauritius), INX Music, ASV Europa Security Pvt Ltd, Halyard Health Inc (US), Beloor Bayir Biotech, Tevapharm India Pvt, GMU Infosoft Pvt, U Infosoft Pvt Ltd, and Monsoon Capital LLC, US.
Other investment proposals include that of Lausanne Hospitality Consulting Sa, Switzerland, Sprint Telecom India, Maham Nayyar and Miss Sahar Nayyer, Pakistan, and Symbiotec Pharmalab.
While India allows FDI in most of the sectors through automatic route, FIPB approval required in certain sectors like pharmaceutical and defence, considered sensitive for the economy.
The government has taken several steps to boost FDI in the country. It has de-licensed several defence products for private players, besides hiking the FDI cap to 49 per cent in the sector.
Railways sector too has been opened to foreign investment and the government intends to hike FDI ceiling in insurance sector to 49 per cent from the current 26 per cent.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

SEBI Weighs Allowing Corporate Bond Re-IssuancesOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Mumbai: Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) is considering allowing companies to re-issue corporate bonds in a bid to avoid fragmentation of debt markets with multiple issuances and has asked market participants for their feedback.
In its proposal on Thursday, SEBI said it was following a recommendation by a finance ministry committee from 2005.
The committee "had recommended for consolidation of privately placed bonds so as to avoid fragmentation of debt market with multiple issues and for re-issuances which help in creation of large floating stocks which is needed to enhance market liquidity," SEBI said in the statement.
"SEBI is proposing to put in place, an enabling framework for the same."
Corporate issuers are not currently allowed to re-issue existing tenors. SEBI has asked for public comments to be submitted by December 25.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Underweight on Jubilant Foods on delayed SSS growth:Barclays'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
We initiate coverage on Jubilant Foodworks with an Underweight rating and a price target of R1,250 (potential downside of 15%). While we expect Jubilant to benefit from an improving macro, the recovery is likely to be only gradual as we expect: 1) material same-store sales (SSS) growth recovery to be still 8-10 quarters away due to high competition, evolving customer preferences and a series of recent price hikes; 2) Jubilant has  400 new stores planned over FY14-17, which should dampen near-term returns; and 3) Dunkin’ Donuts  to remain margin- dilutive (c150-175bps over FY15E/16E) and make a nominal revenue contribution. As a result, we think Jubilant’s 35% valuation premium to peers is likely to narrow on a muted outlook (reflected in accelerating earnings downgrades, per Bloomberg consensus), and weak returns (ROIC likely to compress by 190bps over FY14-17e).
While we expect SSS growth to have bottomed out, we believe double-digit SSS growth is unlikely before FY17 due to: 1) key competitors having closed the gap in terms of product offerings and brand positioning; 2) increasing number of players in the unorganised segment and multinational companies ; and 3) rising saturation in tier-1 cities in terms of store expansion, meaning incremental new store growth is likely to be derived from tier-2 and -3 cities.
Barclays
TAGS: Jubilant Foodworks
More from markets
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

One killed  six injured in grenade attack by militants in south KashmirBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 5, 2014 4:55 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 4:57 pm
One person was killed and six others were injured on Friday when militants hurled a grenade at a crowded bus stand in Pulwama district of south Kashmir, police said.
Unidentified militants lobbed the grenade on a security patrol at Tral bus stand, 35 km from Srinagar, killing Ghulam Hasan Mir (60) and injuring six others, the police said.
The injured were immediately rushed to a hospital.
The whole area was cordoned off immediately after the blast and a hunt has been launched to nab the militants involved in the incident, the police said.
No militant outfit has so far claimed responsibility for the attack.

Risking ire on Capitol Hill  Fannie Mae plots D.C. headquartersBy Jonathan O'Connell December 5 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
Fannie plans to move downtown and sell its headquarters on Wisconsin Avenue. (Photographer: Joshua Roberts/Bloomberg)
Fannie Mae plans to move its headquarters into leased space downtown, and has narrowed its options to either a soon-to-be former law firm’s offices or a building planned to replace the current Washington Post headquarters on 15th Street, according to three sources familiar with the search.
Prompted by expiring leases at two of its Washington buildings, Fannie Mae  announced plans over the summer to sell its headquarters buildings on Wisconsin Avenue NW and consolidate employees to a single location in D.C.
Fannie Mae executives are now in the final stages of choosing between two locations, according to the sources, who spoke about the search on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized by the organization to discuss it.
One is a building near Metro Center, 555 12th St. NW, that will soon be vacated by the law firm Arnold & Porter. The other is a newly planned office building by Carr Properties for the property where The Washington Post currently operates. The Post plans to  move to a Franklin Square building, 1301 K St. NW, in 2016 and Carr has been plotting a redevelopment to replace the newspaper’s existing offices.
A leasing broker for the 12th Street building, owned by Met Life, did not respond to a request for comment. Oliver Carr, III, chief executive of Carr Properties, also did not return requests for comment.
Andrew Wilson, a senior Fannie spokesman, issued a statement about the organization’s search:
“We have several good options in the District of Columbia for our new site. Over the next several years, we plan to consolidate Fannie Mae’s five Washington, D.C.-area office locations into a single, leased office. We have not yet made a decision or signed a lease. We are focused on making responsible real estate decisions to ensure the wise use of resources, the safety and soundness of operations, and flexibility to adapt to changes in our future workplace needs.”
Fannie Mae also closely considered moving into the first building of the Capitol Crossing project, 200 Massachusetts Ave. NW, being built above the entrance to Interstate 395. But Jeffrey I. Sussman, president of that project’s developer, Property Group Partners, said the mortgage finance company had moved on after failing to come to terms. Sussman said he was “very disappointed.”
“It’s the best alternative for them. The timing seems to be fit. Financially, it’s a very attractive deal. We’re pretty sure they’re not coming to us. And it’s hard to figure,” Sussman said.
In addition to its headquarters at 3900 Wisconsin Ave. NW, the brick complex across from Sidwell Friends School, Fannie Mae owns 4250 Connecticut Ave. NW and 3939 Wisconsin Ave. NW. It plans to sell all of them.
The possible move comes as Congress debates  dissolving or restructuring both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Fannie Mae is an independent entity that, unlike government agencies, does not rely on General Services Administration to make real estate decisions. In all, it  employs 2,800 in the District, about 40 percent of the company’s workforce. The move could happen in 2016 or 2017.
The GSA and members of Congress have been pushing government agencies to move to smaller, sometimes less expensive space, such as when the National Science Foundation agreed to leave Ballston for southern Alexandria and when the Fish & Wildlife Service opted to move from Ballston to Falls Church.
Virginia Sen. Mark Warner (D) — possibly eyeing an opportunity to bring jobs to his state — questioned Fannie Mae’s interest in downtown real estate given its uncertain future at a Senate banking committee hearing last month while speaking to Mel Watt, director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency.
“Fannie Mae is in the process of entering into a long-term lease for what appears to be very expensive real estate. We’ve tried to press for some level of cost-benefit analysis. We have not gotten it,” Warner said.
“I really question the entity’s move,” Warner added. “They seem to be acting as if they assume the status quo is going 30 years forward and I think that that is at best an uncertain assumption and that I’m not sure the taxpayers are getting full value on.”
Watt responded by saying: “We are regularly in consultation with them, and actually our expectation is that it will provide much, much greater flexibility for them.”
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
 
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

China tops Indias stellar bull rallyDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
As it extended Thursday’s striking 4.3% gains by rallying another 1.3% on Friday, China’s Shanghai Composite toppled Indian benchmarks as the best performing equity market this year.
On the back, of a remarkable rally of 20% since November 19, China’s benchmark index now boasts YTD gains of 39%, compared to 34.4% on the Sensex.  On Friday, the Chinese barometer closed the session at 2937.65, up 38.19 points while Sensex closed down 104.72 points or 0.4% at 28,458.10. Even in US dollar terms, the Shanghai Composite has outpaced the Sensex as it expanded by 36.7% in 2014 as against 34.4% rally on the Sensex.
If the momentum in Chinese stocks is maintained this month, China would have outperformed India for the first time since 2011. At current levels, the Shanghai Composite still trades at relatively lower valuations to the Sensex as it is changing hands 14 times at trailing 12-month earnings. The Sensex on the other hand is trading at a TTM price to earnings multiple of 19.8,as per to Bloomberg data.
The weekly buying interest in Chinese stocks was at its highest since April 2009 on speculation that the People’s Bank of China may cut reserve requirement ratios after reducing interest rate for the first time in two years, last month in order to support ailing economic growth. The unprecedented rally led China’s market watchdog, China Securities Regulatory Commission issued a statement on its website asking investors to consider risks while putting money into Chinese stocks.
On Thursday,  in its portfolio strategy for 2015, Goldman Sachs had listed both India and China amongst its overweight markets. Although it predicted India’s GDP growth may over take that of China in 2016, it assigned higher expected total market return of 17% in dollar terms for China compared to  13% for India.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Starbucks plans swanky stores selling rare  expensive varieties of coffeeBy J.D. Harrison December 5 Follow @jd_harrison
Starbucks has opened the first in a line of upscale stores pushing some of the rarest types of coffee from around the world, starting with a Willy ­Wonka-esque roastery and retail behemoth in the Capitol Hill neighborhood — not of the District — but of Seattle.
Soon, though, there may be one near our own Capitol Hill.
The company opened the doors Friday to its first Starbucks Reserve Roastery and Tasting Room, the flagship location for what executives envision as a chain of at least 100 high-end stores selling only the company’s limited reserve coffee.
Complete with two coffee bars, a restaurant, a bustling coffee factory, a two-story library and a theater, the new supermarket-sized location in Seattle is equal parts swanky eatery, tourist attraction and history museum for coffee and the Starbucks company. It’s also where the company will roast, bag and ship more than 1 million pounds of its Reserve line of coffee products to outlets around the world.
“We have designed a space that will heighten all the senses,” Liz Muller, vice president of creative and global design for Starbucks, said in a statement. “Each visit will bring new discoveries while setting the standard for what customers can expect for the future of retail.”
You won’t find any sign of the green-and-white mermaid logo at the stores, and Starbucks says not all future locations will include a roastery. They will feature upscale furnishings and sell only rare and relatively expensive coffee varieties. Aside from the planned D.C. location, stores are slated for Chicago, Los Angeles, New York and San Francisco.
The news comes on the heels of the firm’s biennial investor conference, where a day earlier Starbucks announced that it will soon start allowing customers across the country to order on their smartphones before stepping into a Starbucks location. In some areas beginning late next year, the company also has plans to start offering delivery service.
And the changes won’t end there. As the company continues to peddle more food offerings, it plans to make beer and wine available in up to one-quarter of its U.S. stores over the next five years.
“This is the moment of the next generation of Starbucks,” Howard Schultz, the company’s chairman and chief executive, said in announcing the chain of Reserve stores.
J.D. Harrison covers startups, small business and entrepreneurship, with a focus on public policy, and he runs the On Small Business blog.

Islamic State group storms air base in east SyriaBy: Associated Press | Beirut |
Posted: December 6, 2014 6:24 pm
Islamic State group fighters stormed parts of a sprawling army air base Saturday in eastern Syria after days of clashes that killed dozens on both sides, activists said, while state media reported that the offensive was repelled.
The base, outside the city of Deir el-Zour, has been used by the government in the past months to launch air raids on areas held by the Islamic State group bordering Iraq.
The Islamic State group is trying to capture the air base and a nearby barracks known as Brigade 137 to eliminate the main pocket of resistance in the area and provide a major morale and propaganda boost after a string of setbacks in recent weeks.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the latest attack began Saturday with a suicide car bomb at the main entrance of the Deir el-Zour air base.
Later Saturday, the push stopped after fighters came under heavy shelling from army positions, it added. The group said that some Islamic State fighters had breathing problems in the area after government forces used chlorine gas against them.
Syrian state TV quoted an unnamed military official as saying that troops repelled attempts by “terrorists” on several areas near the city of Deir el-Zour and killed “tens of them and destroyed their vehicles and weapons.”
The Islamic State group began a major offensive on the air base, one of the last government-held areas in the province of Deir el-Zour, on Thursday.
The Observatory said that since Thursday, 119 fighters on both sides have been killed, including 51 troops and pro-government militiamen.It said some 68 Islamic State group fighters have been killed, of which 33 were Syrians and two were French citizens.
It said some 68 Islamic State group fighters have been killed, of which 33 were Syrians and two were French citizens.
Activists who support the Islamic State group posted photos on social media showing two military helicopters that they claimed were captured by the jihadis.There was no immediate word from the government about Saturday’s capture of parts of the air base.
There was no immediate word from the government about Saturday’s capture of parts of the air base.
Earlier Saturday, state news agency SANA said the government’s air force was taking part in the operations at the air base, adding that they destroyed an Islamic State group convoy consisting of five armored vehicles and four pickup trucks mounted with heavy machine guns.
On Friday, Islamic State group fighters captured the strategic village of Jafra near the air base. If jihadis capture the air base and Brigade 137, they could threaten government-held areas in the provincial capital of Deir el-Zour.
In Lebanon, state-run National continued…

Open market beckons for private equity exitsDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Even before the year has ended, private equity exits via open market sales in 2014 have hit a seven-year high, as PE investors continue to make the most of robust equity markets to offload stake in their listed investments.
The year so far has seen open market exits valued at $2.68 billion via 105 deals, with the past three months alone witnessing open market exits worth nearly $1 billion. The aggregate PE exit value through open market route has now overtaken the figure of $2.51 billion clocked in the year 2012.
Sanjeev Krishan, leader, private equity, at PwC India, says public markets have not looked back from the beginning of the year, and together with heightened strategic investor interest, they have provided composite exit opportunities to PE funds.
With equity markets rallying nearly 35% since the start of the year — Sensex touched an all-time high of 28,693.99 on November 28 —PE investors like Bain Capital, Goldman Sachs and Providence Equity Partners have been involved in large exit deals of over $200 million each. Bain Capital offloaded Hero Motocorp shares worth $650 million in two tranches (June and November) this year to bring down its stake from 8.6%, as at the end of last year to 1.5% now, garnering returns twice of its orginal investment made three and half years ago. Providence Equity Partners, which sold 2.4% stake in Idea Cellular for $234 million in September, also would have made returns over thrice of its eight-year-old investment.
The PE exits through open market sales now constitute over three-fourths to the total PE exit value of $3.57 billion in 2014 till date, while strategic sales ($0.47 billion) stand as the next best preferred route for exits.
However, not all the exits have yielded good returns for the investors. Last week, Blackstone Capital Partners partly sold 4.5% stake in Gokaldas Exports at one-fourth of its acquisition cost, after having sold 5.6% stake in June 2014 with a 66% loss. Similarly, Standard Chartered sold nearly 10.65 million shares in Man Infraconstruction for R23.56 apiece, as compared to its average pre-IPO acquisition price of R210 apiece five years ago.
Loooking forward, PE investors are optimistic about the likely improvement in India’s economic climate, which, in turn, is likely to lead to higher exits.
“As business sentiment improves, the stock market has also seen sharp gain. This would be beneficial in creating conditions for exits in the coming years. PE investors are of the view that the immediate and near future is likely to see an increase in exit transactions returning average holding periods to three-five years instead of the current five-seven years,” wrote Kalpana Jain, senior director at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India, in a recent report.
TAGS: Private Equity
More from indianmarkets

Wide gap between Narendra Modi s speeches and performance: Shashi TharoorNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Congress leader Shashi Tharoor today slammed the Narendra Modi government saying “it’s too early to see results but there seems to be a gulf between the actual performance and the speeches made”.
“I don’t want to cast judgement yet because it’s only been six months. But I think there seems to be a bit of a gulf between the action and the implementation of the words we are hearing in the speeches and the actual performance on the ground,” Tharoor told reporters here.
The former union minister was one of the main speakers at a seminar “Driving Excellence through Creativity” organised at the INFOCOM, a platform on the convergence of Business, Technology and Leadership elements.
Questioning the reflection of Modi’s promises of “minimum government, maximum governance” made during the Lok Sabha poll campaigning in his work, the MP from Thiruvanathapuram said, “We see that sometimes sound bytes are given for the sake of giving them. Where is minimum government …We are actually seeing tremendous consolidation of power in one power’s hand. It’s a sort of one person rule. Ministers have been bypassed, the Prime Minister is working directly through secretaries.”
“We are seeing, for example, the so called lean and mean cabinet (has been) expanded to 66 out of maximum permissible level… There is no real concrete examples of minimum government… It is maximum government in power in the hands of the Prime Minister. So that’s the slogan we should not corresponding to the actual practice,” he said.
He further questioned Modi’s slogan of having no business to be in business.
“Which government businesses are being dismantled? If Modi genuinely believes that, then why is the government running an airline, hotels ? Those are private businesses everyone runs,” he added.
“There is apparently no connection between the nice sounding soundbytes and the actual policy actions of the government that should follow to fulfil those sound bytes. If this keeps on happening then we will develop a little bit of scepticism,” he quipped.
“But, as I say that I do not want to come to a permanent conclusion on the basis of six months but I do worry that if it keeps on being the pattern then we all have the cause to be anxious,” Tharoor said.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Shashi Tharoor
More from miscellaneous

Ricoh plans to set up manufacturing plant in IndiaDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Ricoh India Ltd, part of Tokyo- based Ricoh Group, plans to set up a manufacturing plant in India, a top company official said today.
Manoj Kumar, Executive Vice President & CEO, Ricoh India, also said the company, which clocked Rs 1,048 crore revenues last year, expects to touch Rs 1,500 crore during the current fiscal.
“We do have plans (for setting up plant), which we are currently evaluating. It is just a matter of time before we come out with something on manufacturing plant,” Kumar told reporters in a press conference.
He, however, declined to elaborate more on details, such as investments and time-frame for setting up plant.
Replying to a query, he said the company is achieving 50 per cent growth on revenues for the past year and this year also it is expected to witness similar number in growth.
Ricoh India has recently bagged Rs 1,370 crore order from Department of Post, to provide Rural ICT solution. This System Integration contract further strengthens Ricoh’s foray into IT services and showcases its ability to deliver such crucial and large scale deployment and also contribute in the development of India, he said.
“Our strong capabilities in the domains of Imaging, Communication and IT Services have enabled Ricoh to emerge as a one-stop business solutions provider. IT services is one of our key growth engines which contributed to 45 per cent to our total revenue last year. In the coming years we would like to expand our business and increase its contribution to 60 per cent of our total revenue,” he added.
Kumar said appreciating US Dollar against Indian Rupee has impacted the companyâ€™s bottom-line in the past. With the growth in IT services wing of the company, the impact was offset.
TAGS: Ricoh India Ltd
More from companies

PM Modi to meet CMs on Planning Commission; Mamata  Omar to skip itDec 07, 2014 at  09:23am IST
PM Modi to meet CMs on Planning Commission; Mamata, Omar to skip it
31
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will hold consultations with Chief Ministers on Sunday on the structure and role of the new body that will replace the Planning Commission.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee who has been at loggereheads with the Bharatiya Janata Party over Burdwan blasts and Saradha scam investigations, will be skipping the meet. The state's Finance Minister Amit Mitra will be attending on her behalf.
Even Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah will not attend it and he has cited Assembly elections as the reason for it.
#narendra modi #planning commission #chief ministers #mamata banerjee
As far as the name is concerned, the view within the government is that it could be called KARMA which stands for Knowledge And Reforms Management Agency and will be picking up best practices of various countries abroad.
Sources said the new panel is likely to be a small core team of knowledge experts and monitoring and evaluation of the body will require the Prime Minister's supervision. The new body is likely to play the role of a think tank and will be providing consultancy services to both Centre and the state, sources added.
The Prime Minister in his Independence Day speech had announced that the Commission would be abolished and replaced with a more relevant institution. Since then the Commission has held several meetings with experts to discuss the new structure of the proposed institution.
Country's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru had set up the Planning Commission to steer the nation's economic destiny at that time.
Set up by a Cabinet Resolution, the Commission has enjoyed power and prestige with Prime Minister as its Chairman. Its most important functions have been fixing targets for sectoral growth and allocate resources.
The Deputy Chairman of the Commission has often been a political stalwart holding the rank of a Cabinet Minister.
Gulzarilal Nanda, VT Krishnamachari, C Subramaniam, PN Haksar, Manmohan Singh, Pranab Mukherjee, KC Pant, Jaswant Singh, Madhu Dandavate, Mohan Dharia and RK Hegde had been deputy chaiman at different points of time.
Montek Singh Ahluwalia was the last deputy chairman.
617

Ex-Noida Authority head under SIT radarBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Following raids by the income tax department at the residence of Noida Authority’s former engineer-in-chief Yadav Singh, the special investigation team (SIT) on black money on Saturday directed the chairperson of the central board of direct taxes to monitor the proceedings against Singh and share information with the enforcement directorate (ED) to take up the case for investigation.
In a meeting of the SIT held here under chairman Justice MB Shah and vice-chairman Justice Arijit Pasayat, the team reviewed the progress made in the case of illegal amassing of assets by Singh and decided that “the chairperson, CBDT, would monitor the search, seizure and further appropriate proceedings against Yadav Singh and other connected persons.” Further, the team also asked the director general investigation to give the information about the case to ED to take further action.
TAGS: Black Money
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Won t expect too much - Ishant SharmaTweet
0
Ishant speaks to the media in Adelaide. Ishant Sharma averages 73.54 in Australia, twice his overall average. He has taken 11 wickets here. He has never struck more than three times in a Test in Australia. However, it has never been about numbers with Ishant. On the last tour, a few Australian players remarked in casual conversation that Umesh Yadav 's success was in part thanks to the pressure built by Ishant. Not that Umesh was sensational, but he was better of the Indian quicks.
This time around, Ishant comes as the leader of the attack, a quality he displayed well in the Lord's Test earlier in the year before breaking down and then coming back into a side that was down and out. Yet, that Lord's Test performance gives India hope. Coming back to a country whose conditions should in theory suit his style of bowling, with four almost back-to-back Tests and ordinary memories from previous trips, Ishant doesn't want any added pressure.
"You always learn from your experience," Ishant said. "Last time I learnt that…I had a lot of expectation of me. Because during the previous tour to Australia, the world came to know of me as a fast bowler from India. On the next tour, I expected a bit too much of myself. I couldn't do that well that time. This time I will try to control my feelings, keep my emotions in check. That way I will be able to perform better rather than put pressure on myself through high expectations.
"We are all in the same age group," Ishant said when asked how different it would be now that he is the most experienced member of the side outside MS Dhoni. "The average age group in our team is 26 or 27. That's a pretty good sign for the team. The thing is, I don't see myself as a role model or anyone. What I need to do first of all is, focus on my own bowling. And then whatever past experience I have of playing in Australia or wherever I have played, I will just share it with the team-mates. Whatever I have learned from those experiences, whatever I have done well. It is important to carry on with whatever we have done well."
Ishant's experiences of playing in Australia have not been great, but he seems to have embraced it more than run away from it, which is one quality no one can deny he possesses. "I think Australia is an amazing country to play cricket in," Ishant said. "It is a tough challenge for every sportsman to play against Australia. We know how they play. If you perform well against them, they love you. From my past experience you will get a hard time from the crowd as well. You have got to be prepared for this. It's going to be a mental challenge how you deal with all this, and then handle the pressure in the middle as well."
Ishant said their bowling unit was well prepared for the challenges of the series. "I shouldn't say it in the media so that he can check them out," when asked of any specific plans for Clarke, who scored a triple-century when India were here last. "But we have certain plans for each batsman. And that includes Michael Clarke too. [David] Warner is scoring runs for them, so is [Shane] Watson and Clarke. We have different plans for everyone. Plan A, Plan B. What you are going to do with the new ball and with the old ball.
"The old ball is going to be really crucial for us. How you are going to bowl with the old ball to a certain batsman. That's the time you can go for runs. It's difficult for the bowlers, when you are tired, your mind is drifting from one side to the other and how you can control these things is important."
Having said that the old ball is important, Ishant said the conditions here should suit his style of bowling, whether with the new ball or old. "Even with the old ball, when the wicket is slow, if you hit the wicket hard, you're going to get the bounce that you need," he said. "The conditions are helpful for those kind of bowlers who bang in the wicket hard and not just release the ball."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

India s communication satellite GSAT-16 launched successfully27
3
Bengaluru: After its launch was deferred twice due to bad weather, India's latest communication satellite GSAT-16 was placed in orbit by Ariane 5 rocket in the early hours on Sunday from the space port of Kourou in French Guiana.
The European launcher blasted off at 2:10 AM (IST) and hurled the GSAT-16, designed to augment the national space capacity to boost communication services, into space in a flawless flight.
GSAT-16 was launched into a Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO).
GSAT-16 carries a total of 48 communication transponders, the largest by a communication satellite developed by the ISRO so far.
#india #communication satellite #gsat 16 #ariane 5
Indian satellite's co-passenger DIRECTV-14, built by SSL (Space Systems/Loral) for operator DIRECTV to provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the US, was also launched by Ariane 5 VA221, marking 63rd successful mission in a row for the rocket.
"Ariane 5 delivers DIRECTV-14 and GSAT-16 to orbit on Arianespace's latest mission success", Arianespace said on its website.
With a lift-off mass of 3,181 kg, GSAT-16 carries a total of 48 communication transponders, the largest by a communication satellite developed by the ISRO so far.
Soon after the launch, Bengaluru-headquartered Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) said the satellite is in good health.
ISRO's Master Control Facility at Hassan in Karnataka has taken over the command and control of GSAT-16. First orbit raising operation is scheduled on Monday around 03:50 AM, the space agency said.
The satellite launch was originally scheduled for Friday but was put off due to bad weather. It was rescheduled for 02.09 AM (IST) on Saturday but within hours postponed again, citing the inclement weather at the launch base in Kourou.
GSAT-16, with a designated on orbit operational life of 12 years, will boost public and private tv and radio services, large-scale Internet and telephone operations.
It will replace INSAT-3E, decommissioned prematurely in April. It is the 18th satellite launched by Arianespace for ISRO.
The DIRECTV-14 spacecraft was deployed first in the flight sequence, separating from Ariane 5 nearly 28 minutes after liftoff, followed four minutes later by its GSAT-16 co-passenger, Arianespace said.
Delivering a total payload lift performance of approximately 10,200 kg, the mission - designated Flight VA221 in Arianespace's numbering system - lofted DIRECTV-14 for operator DIRECTV, along with GSAT-16.
The capacity crunch has forced ISRO to lease 95 transponders on foreign satellites mainly for private TV broadcasters' use.
The satellite will boost public and private TV and radio services, large-scale Internet and telephone operations.
GSAT-16 will be finally positioned at 55 deg East longitude in the Geostationary orbit and co-located with GSAT-8, IRNSS-1A and IRNSS-1B satellites.
India's rockets PSLV and the present GSLV do not have the capability to launch satellites of more than two tonne class, prompting ISRO to opt for an outside launch.
ISRO is developing the next big launcher, GSLV-MkIII, which can put satellites of up to 4 tonnes in orbit.
473

DU signs MoU with UGC for uploading thesis on digital databaseDec 07, 2014 at 09:05am IST
DU signs MoU with UGC for uploading thesis on digital database
9
2
New Delhi: Delhi University will now be able to update thesis and dissertations of its research scholars on the UGC's digital database -'Shodhganga repository'.
DU has recently signed a MoU with the University Grants Commission (UGC) in this regard. 'Shodhganga', a digital repository of thesis and dissertations of research being conducted by scholars in Indian universities, is a project of the UGC-Infonet Digital Library Consortium.
It is aimed at promoting the use of electronic databases and full text access to journals by the research and academic community in the country. It also facilitates keeping a check on plagiarism in research.
DU has recently signed a MoU with the University Grants Commission (UGC) in this regard.
#delhi university #ugc #shodhganga #digital database
"We have signed an MoU with the UGC in this regard according to which all the thesis and dissertations submitted at DU after December 2, 2014 will be added to the repository," Ajay Kumar, Dean Research, DU said.
"We are setting up an Electronic Thesis and Dissertation (ETD) lab in the Central Library where all the thesis and dissertations will be digitised and their bibliographic records will be created for inclusion in UGC's Information and Library Network (INFLIBNET) catalogue," he said.
According to the MoU, the students will be submitting their thesis to their respective departments with a 'certificate of originality' and 'student approval form'.
"The departments will then check the documents for originality using a plagiarism detection software. The report of the originality check will then be forwarded to the examination branch which in turn will send it to the ETD lab," Kumar said.
"Online availability of thesis through centrally-maintained digital repositories does not only ensure easy access and archiving of Indian doctoral thesis but will also help raise the standard and quality of research," he added.
The 'Shodhganga repository', launched by UGC in 2010 also offers grants to the universities for infrastructural development for the project's implementation.
1

PM Modi lauds scientists for successful launch of GSAT-1611
1
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday hailed scientists for the successful launch of GSAT-16 communication satellite, saying it will become a major asset for the country's space programme.
"Kudos to our scientists for the successful launch of GSAT-16. The communication satellite will become a major asset for our space programme," the Prime Minister tweeted.
"After the successful launch, GSAT-16 is in good health. ISRO's Master Control Facility at Hassan has taken over the control of the satellite," he noted.
GSAT-16, a multi-application telecommunications satellite, will cover the entire Indian sub-continent.
#narendra modi #gsat 16 #communication satellite #directtv 14
GSAT-16 was successfully launched on board Arianespace rocket from the space port of Kourou in French Guiana in the early hours on Sunday.
In the dual rocket mission, GSAT-16 with 48 transponders, the largest-ever carried by a communication satellite built by Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), was ejected into space four minutes after its co-passenger DIRECTTV-14 spacecraft, designed to provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the US.
GSAT-16, a multi-application telecommunications satellite, will cover the entire Indian sub-continent.
Kudos to our scientists for the successful launch of GSAT-16. The communication satellite will become a major asset for our space programme.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 7, 2014
After the successful launch,GSAT-16 is in good health. ISRO's Master Control Facility at Hassan has taken over the control of the satellite.

FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh croreFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Aam aadmi should also be able to fly business class: Arvind Kejriwal18
1
Dubai/New Delhi: Under opposition fire, Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal defended travelling in business class to Dubai, saying it was his dream that an 'aam aadmi' should also be able to travel the same way.
Kejriwal, who has drawn flak for flying business class, said his party wanted all round progress for the common man.
"When I landed here I got to know that there is debate going in India about how I am travelling in a business class. I wasn't travelling without ticket," he said while addressing a seminar organised by the Abu Dhabi Chapter of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI).
Kejriwal, who has drawn flak for flying business class, said his party wanted all round progress for the common man.
#arvind kejriwal #aam aadmi party #business class ticket #dubai
"What is our dream for India? Our dream for India is that aam aadmi should be able to travel in a business class. We want progress," the former Delhi chief minister said.
While the party came out in defence of its leader saying it was not a crime to travel in business class and that the organisers had arranged for the facility, the opposition attacked Kejriwal over his "double standards".
"They say something and do something else. This has been their habit. He always has double standards.
"When he gets caught he says why can't an Aam Aadmi do it (fly in a business class) and on the other hand he preaches that ministers should not use cars with beacons and must put an end to the VIP culture," BJP Delhi unit President Satish Upadhyay said.
Taking at dig at Kejriwal, the Congress said it was another attempt by the AAP to fool people.
"This kind of empty slogan is only to fool the people. A man has collected money by organising lunches... what is the fare of business class from here (Delhi) to a foreign destination?," Congress leader PC Chako asked.
At the seminar, Kejriwal also spoke about India's changing political landscape and importance of economic development.
"Technology has played an important role in creating jobs in India in recent years and has also helped in deterring corruption," Kejriwal said.
The AAP chief is on a five-day visit to Dubai and New York. In New York, he will deliver a lecture at the prestigious Columbia University and dine with his party supporters.
7

Gurgaon: Police detain Uber cab driver who allegedly raped MNC employeeWatch
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Body of soldier martyred in Kashmir militant attack arrives homeBody of soldier martyred in Kashmir militant attack arrives home
Maruti defers seeking shareholders  nod for ...Maruti Suzuki defers seeking shareholders' nod for Gujarat plant
By PTI | 8 Dec, 2014, 06.19AM IST
Having run into troubles with institutional investors over its Gujarat plant transfer to parent Suzuki, car maker Maruti now wants to seek approval of minority shareholders. 
()
NEW DELHI: Having run into troubles with institutional investors over its Gujarat plant transfer to parent Suzuki, car maker Maruti now wants to seek approval of minority shareholders after a proposed relaxation comes into effect in the Companies Act.
Maruti Suzuki India had earlier planned to seek shareholders' approval for the transaction in November.
The Cabinet, meanwhile, has cleared a slew of amendments this month to various aspects of the new Companies Act.
"Now another new factor which is the proposed amendment to the Companies (Amendment) Bill has come up. So it would not make sense to go for the vote till we know what that bill is and what the future is," MSI Chairman RC Bhargava told PTI.
Once the changes come into effect, after Parliament's nod, it would become easier for companies to get shareholder approvals for related party transactions. Maruti's proposed plant transfer to Suzuki falls under this category of transactions.
Under pressure from institutional investors, Maruti had decided earlier this year to seek minority shareholders' approval after tweaking some of the earlier proposals with regard to transfer of the Gujarat plant to Suzuki.
When asked if the company would wait for the bill to be passed in the Parliament, to take up the matter with the minority shareholders, Bhargava said: "I think so. It won't make sense to go for a vote on a law which is going to change, so it is going to be delayed."
Bhargava, however, said the delay in taking the approval would not impact the construction work at the Gujarat plant.
"...work is carrying on (at the Gujarat plant) so it doesn't matter," Bhargava said.
As per the current regulatory framework under the Companies Act 2013, a proposal like Maruti's would require approval from 75 per cent of the minority shareholders for a special resolution in this regard.
Following the latest changes approved by the Cabinet, such proposals can be approved through an ordinary resolution requiring a simple majority of over 50 per cent.
In January, Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) announced it would invest USD 488 million to build the Gujarat plant, which Maruti had earlier proposed to set up.
Opposing the move, Maruti's institutional investors approached capital markets regulator Sebi , seeking its intervention to safeguard the interests of minority shareholders. Private sector mutual funds and insurance companies, which own almost 7 per cent of the company, led the opposition.
The plant, which would be SMC's first fully owned factory in India, is being planned with an initial capacity of 1,00,000 units a year, all of which will be supplied to Maruti.

Govt to clear $2 bn transmission projects in...Government to clear $2 billion transmission projects in South
By PTI | 7 Dec, 2014, 12.03PM IST
The government will soon clear transmission projects worth $2 billion in the Southern region and has sought greater private participation to meet its target of $50 billion investments.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government will soon clear transmission projects worth $2 billion in the Southern region and has sought greater private participation to meet its target of $50 billion investments in the segment over the next five years.
"The government has cleared transmission projects worth $2 billion in the North-east , and another $2 billion worth of transmission network in the south will be cleared soon," said an official.
The Ministry of Power has estimated investments to the tune of $50 billion in the power transmission sector for which it has sought participation of the private sector, he said.
The government is also encouraging more private sector participation in the transmission sector as there is remarkable opportunity and going forward it will certainly be a robust business proposition, he added.
"We are doing capacity building in Power Grid Corporation (central transmission utility)," the official said.
Power Minister Piyush Goyal has maintained that with the existing 2.50 lakh installed generation capacity the electricity output can be doubled by improving efficiency of the transmission networks.
Last month, the Cabinet cleared two schemes - Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana and Integrated Power Development Scheme.
DDUGJY aims to separate agriculture and non-agriculture feeders facilitating judicious rostering of supply rural areas. The estimated cost of the scheme is Rs 43,033 crore.
IPDS has been launched with the objective of strengthening of sub-transmission and distribution network in the urban areas. The estimated cost of the scheme is Rs 32,612 crore.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Opera browser  unstoppable  in India  heading for 100 million users: CEO17
0
Oslo: Norway's Opera Software now targets 100 million Indian users for its mobile phone internet browser, after hitting the 50 million mark last month, Chief Executive Lars Boilesen told Reuters on Friday.
Smartphones are quickly becoming the product of choice in the rapidly growing Indian market, though Boilesen declined to give a specific date for when the browser downloads would double.
"We intend to get 100 million users there as quickly as possible. That's our focus now," he said in a telephone interview.
Opera's browser division specialises in compressing data to minimise download times and cost for subscribers.
#opera browser #opera #software #mobile browser
"It's an incredibly important market for us. I really don't think that people understand how big we are over there ... We are the third most downloaded app in India and we are larger than global giants like Gmail."
Opera's browser division specialises in compressing data to minimise download times and cost for subscribers, making it particularly popular in emerging market economies where network capacity can be constrained.
"If you look at the five fastest-growing markets for Android phones in the world, you will find that Opera is a top five player in all of them. That says something about how well positioned we are in the high-growth markets," Boilesen said.
By Opera's definition, India tops this list of fast-growing markets followed by Indonesia, Russia, Africa and Brazil.
"These top-five ... are characterised by Opera being pre-installed on all phones. All local manufacturers in India have Opera, but you will also see that so do major players like Samsung."
8

TRAI may give recommendations on 3G spectrum by early next monthTRAI may give recommendations on 3G spectrum by early next month
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India is expected to give recommendations for base price and valuation of 3G spectrum by early January as the government plans to auction the airwaves along with 2G sale scheduled in February.
“There is an open house discussion on December 22 on the issue and the recommendations can be out by the first two weeks of January or earlier,” a source in TRAI said.
TRAI has issued a consultation paper on valuation and reserve price of spectrum in 2,100 MHz band, used for 3G services, on December 2.
The Department of Telecom had on October 16 asked TRAI to give its recommendations for reserve price of spectrum in 2,100 MHz, 2,300 MHz and 2,500 MHz bands. DoT had on November 27 asked TRAI to expedite the process for 2,100 MHz band pricing.
“TRAI will give the recommendations on 2,100 MHz first and later work on 2,300 Mhz and 2,500 MHz bands,” the source said.
Telecom companies as well as the regulator have been of the view that the auction should take place only when adequate spectrum is made available, and the bidding should be held simultaneously for both the services — 2G and 3G.
The Department of Telecom is in talks with the Defence Ministry for the vacation of spectrum in 2,100 MHz band and there are three possible scenarios under deliberation.
In case one, if no spectrum is released by the Defence, then auction can’t be conducted in this band.
The second scenario is that if it releases 5 MHz in 17 circles, then one block of 5 MHz spectrum will be available for auction in 17 circles.
The third scenario could be the Defence swapping 2,100 MHz spectrum with 1,900 MHz. In that case, in addition to 5 MHz spectrum in 17 circles, it may release 15 MHz on pan-India basis by swapping 2,100 Mhz spectrum with 1,900 Mhz.
The Defence had released 20 MHz out of 25 MHz in 2,100 MHz band allocated to DoT under the agreement with Defence on a pan-India basis and one more block of 5 MHz in 5 circles, which was auctioned in 2010.
Under the agreement with DoT, the remaining spectrum is to be vacated only after the alternate communication network is completed.
The next round of spectrum auction is proposed to be held in February and the government is estimated to garner at least Rs 9,355 crore from the sale of radiowaves.
As per estimates, auction of spectrum in 2100 Mhz band in February can fetch bids worth at least Rs 5,000 crore.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Kharagpur IITian offered whopping annual salary of over Rs 1.5 croreComments
In one of the fattest pay package offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur has been offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs. 1.5 crore.
IIT Kharagpur officials said the salary package was among the 163 offers made by 27 visiting companies on Monday on the first day of campus placements.
The highest domestic package was of Rs. 42 lakh and highest offer from abroad was of  $250,000 (Rs 1.54 crore), the officials said.
IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying "this brings unnecessary attention to the student."
IIT sources claimed that the 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
The highest number of offers (24) was made by niche analytics consulting company EXL Service Pvt Ltd due to growth induced demand, followed by international brands like Visa, Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse, Cisco, Microsoft IDC.
Analytics, IT and Finance are leading so far.
The first time visitors - Parthenon, TSMC , BMGI, VISA, Baker Hughes, and Auctus Advisors - gave an encouraging response and offered large number of positions to IIT Kharagpur talents.
Professor Sudhirkumar Barai, Chairman of Career Development Center, IIT-Kharagpur, said from this year onwards special emphasis will be given to boost the confidence of the graduating students with the help of corporate workshops, case study contests, alumni mentorship session, assessment tests and soft skill training.
"The preparation has shown an impressive success in terms of day one placement this year at IIT Kharagpur. Further, there has been renewed realisation in Indian industry for highly qualified engineering professionals in Quality Engineering, Product Design and Manufacturing. IIT Kharagpur has been quick to identify this need and accordingly have initiated a programme in this field," Barai said. The total offers received so far stands at 251, which includes 88 pre-placement offers.

I see India s role as an export hub: ABB CEO SpiesshoferI see India's role as an export hub, says ABB CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer
By Satish John , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 07.50AM IST
"It will grow into the next level in the next couple of years. So altogether India deserves alot of attention from our side," says Ulrich Spiesshofer.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
ABB global CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer , 50, is on a mission to change the way the global leader in power to automation does business. India is the largest engineering hub for ABB worldwide, with about 4,000 engineers and will play a key role in its future, he said in an interview to ET. Those employees include the 1,200 in its R&D centre, which ABB plans to leverage to tap markets in Africa and elsewhere for affordable micro power grids, locomotive technology and other segments, the German national said on a day in which the ABB India stock surged 20% before ending at Rs 1,315.05, up 13%.
Spiesshofer, who is changing the organisational structure in ABB, is eyeing opportunities in India in locomotives and renewables as the country looks to modernise its electricity network and put in place infrastructure for smart cities. Edited excerpts:
On India Expectations
There is a very large and strong home market.
There are some underlying dynamics both in the power and automation side of our business which will allow us to participate in the market very strongly and I see India's role as an export hub . It will grow into the next level in the next couple of years. So altogether India deserves a lot of attention from our side.
On Opportunities In Power
ABB is into power and automation.
There is a big shift that's happening in the generation side. In the future, one can expect much more activity from the renewables generation side. ABB has the strongest offering in solar energy.
We'll continue to invest there.
We've localised some of the activities and we're ideally placed in the segment. In the utilities space, we need to bring power to the consumption side. Renewables mean longer distances. We need to have low loss, higher distribution.
Look at the consumption side of it.
Over 300 million Indians are without access to electricity. There are two options to reach electricity to them. It can be either through the conventional way or through micro-grids where you can take solar or wind energy and combine them with storage and distribute them.
We are driving it very aggressively.
If you take agriculture, most countries consume about 2% of the electricity that is generated. In India, agriculture consumes more than 20%. This is only because of very inefficient irrigation systems.
We have developed solar pumps in India, where we have solar panels and water pumps that exist close to each other and then you engage in irrigation in a much more responsible way. So for me, the utility sector, the electricity value chains are opportunities that are very demanding.
Another emerging opportunity is in the transportation and infrastructure space. The government is talking about setting up more than 100 smart cities. There is a lot of investment in transport.
Page 1 of 3

HDFC Bank Hints at Lending Rate Cut by MarchYou are here: Home Corporates
HDFC Bank Hints at Lending Rate Cut by March
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 05, 2014 14:10 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Mumbai: Having cut its deposit offering by up to 0.50 per cent, the country's second-largest private sector lender HDFC Bank sees lending rates going down by March, a top official said.
"Now I've reduced my fixed deposit rates, and you will see by March or so base rate will come down," the bank's Managing Director Aditya Puri said.
Mr Puri said base rate or the minimum rate of lending is computed on the cost of deposits and the bank cannot cut its lending rate unless the deposit rate comes down.
Once the cost of deposits come down, following the December 1 cut in short-term deposits of up to one year maturities, the bank will pass on the benefit to borrowers, he added.
The bank's base rate currently stands at 10 per cent and the last movement in it was in November last year, when it was hiked by 0.20 per cent.
The bank cut the deposit rates by 0.25 to 0.50 per cent on various maturities from 49 days to less than a year deposits, attributing it to low credit pick-up, drop in money market rates and competitor's moves.
On Tuesday, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan rued the fact that banks are not passing the benefits of the declining rates environment to the borrowers, saying the policy measures are not getting transmitted as desired.
Mr Puri today said that policy transmission has happened as the banks have cut rates in different offerings like car loans where banks have reduced their spreads, but added that it does not reflect in the base rate due to deposit rates.
"Already interest rates have gone down in the market, whether it is car loans or term loans. Monetary transmission with or without reduction in policy rates has already happened," he said.
Mr Puri said Rajan's stance has been dovish, which comforts the banking system and added that the RBI governor should unleash 0.50 per cent cut in the next policy. "His statement is also dovish, saying that once he can see stability in the benignness of the inflation, you can expect a cut. Let's hope that the cut is a meaningful one at 50 basis points since he didn't do it this time," Puri said.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 14:03 (IST)

China pushes for a visit by PM in first half of February» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Busy second half in 2015, China pushes for a visit by Narendra Modi in first half of February
By ET Bureau | 6 Dec, 2014, 10.24AM IST
Beijing has also considered the fact that Modi will be busy with the budget session of Parliament from end-February to May, they said. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Chinese government is pushing for a visit by Narendra Modi in the first half of February in view of its own schedule and the Indian prime minister's itinerary for the second half of the year. Officials in Beijing told ET that an early February visit would avoid any overlap with China's holiday calendar and its Parliament session for mid-February to mid-March.
Beijing has also considered the fact that Modi will be busy with the budget session of Parliament from end-February to May, they said, adding that the request for an early visit was put forward by Chinese Premier Li Keqiang when he met Modi in Myanmar on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit. China's President Xi Jinping had visited India in September.
For Modi, this would be a return visit of sorts and his first to China as PM. He has visited Beijing in the past as chief minister of Gujarat. Sources said both the Indian PM and Chinese president and premier will have international travel schedule in the second half of 2015 due to UNGA, G20 and East Asia Summits and this is one of the reasons why Beijing is keen to host the Indian PM early in the year. Indian officials, however, were non-committal on the time-frame for Modi's China visit.
"The government is busy preparing for the Russian president's visit next week. Thereafter it will get busy with preparations for the visit of Obama towards the end of January. It will be difficult to predict a timeframe for a trip to Beijing at this stage," an official in the South Block said. A China visit in February will leave a small window for preparation for Modi as it will come close on the heels of US President Barack Obama's India trip.
Besides, Modi's schedule in first quarter may see some other foreign visits, including one to Dhaka in February-March if the government is able to pass a Bill to ratify the India-Bangladesh Land Boundary Agreement in the winter session of the Parliament. The PM's trip to Beijing is expected to be preceded by special representative talks on the boundary question under the Modi government.

Vladimir Putin to discuss trade with PM Modi during India visitRussia's Vladimir Putin to discuss trade with Prime Minister Narendra Modi during India visit
By AFP | 6 Dec, 2014, 12.44AM IST
0
Share More
The visit will be Putin's first since Modi swept to power in May and is expected to focus on boosting two-way trade, which currently stands at $10 billion.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Russian President Vladimir Putin will hold talks with Indian prime minister Narendra Modi during a brief visit to New Delhi next week, an India government official said Friday.
Putin is expected to land in the Indian capital late on Wednesday along with an entourage of government officials and chief executive officers from top companies to attend the 15th annual India-Russia summit.
The visit will be Putin's first since Modi swept to power in May and is expected to focus on boosting two-way trade, which currently stands at $10 billion, Indian government officials said.
"Bilateral, economic, commercial and investment ties between Russia have been growing, but are way below potential," a senior New Delhi official said.
The leaders of the longtime allies will sign more than 15 agreements, with discussions on the profitable rough diamond trade also expected to take place.
Russia is the world's largest diamond producer while India has the biggest diamond polishing and cutting centre on the planet.
A Russian source said Putin will attend a world diamond conference in Delhi on Thursday.
Putin's trip comes a month before US President Barack Obama is scheduled to visit New Delhi. Obama will be a special guest at India's Republic Day celebrations on January 26.

Rajinikanth s Lingaa gets mega-insurance cover of over Rs 200 crRajinikanth's Lingaa gets mega-insurance cover of over Rs 200 cr
M Saraswathy | Mumbai Dec 06, 2014 10:59 PM IST
Superstar Rajinikanth’s film Lingaa, which will release in theatres on December 12, has secured a mega-insurance cover, including production insurance and loss of revenue in India and overseas.
Industry estimates suggest the size of the cover could be well above Rs 200 crore. This includes upwards of Rs 100 crore for production cover apart from cover against force majeure incidents that could disrupt the screening of the film.
Sumant Salian, head of media and entertainment, Alliance Insurance Brokers, said: “Rajini sir’s Lingaa has a higher production insurance cover than other films of south India. The film was also wrapped up in record time. They have covered loss of revenue overseas, since his films are very popular abroad.”
Insurance companies compensate film production houses for delays and losses due to adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, damage to property and injury to actors during shooting. Sudden illness among the main cast of the film due to food poisoning is also covered by such policies.
A decade ago the film insurance segment was dominated by public-sector general insurers but now private insurers have entered the scene. Film insurance, was once considered an additional burden for film producers, has become the norm.
The share of film insurance in the overall insurance business could touch 8-10 per cent in the next three-five years, say experts. At present, it accounts for about two per cent of the industry’s total business.
Apart from Bollywood movies, several south Indian movies are heavily insured. Claim payments have also been on the rise with recent cases of fire on sets and actors falling ill during shooting.
As a concept, film insurance came into existence in the early 1990s. Taal was one of the first movies to be insured. Sanjay Dutt’s arrest during the making of Khalnayak prompted Subhash Ghai to insure his next movie Taal, for which he paid Rs 15 lakh as premium for a film valued at about Rs 11 crore.
Since then more and more producers have been insuring their movies. These policies cover loss to life or property on film sets. They also cover legal issues related to a film as well as post-release risks like theatre shutdown due to riots or strikes.
Acts of terrorism, perilous activities, disappearance, unexplained inventory shortage, war or invasion are excluded from the cover. Some policies also cover the advance paid to film stars.
A senior executive looking into miscellaneous lines of business in a public-sector general insurance company said the stakes were high in a Rajinikanth film because a megastar was involved. "With his films doing good business in South East Asia, the US and UK, it was imperative to take an overseas insurance cover as well,” he added.
In film insurance policies, the type of cover depends on the budget of the film. The premium for such a policy is usually 0.3-0.8 per cent of a film’s budget. If the budget of a film is Rs 100 crore, for instance, the premium would be Rs 30-80 lakh. While submitting a request for insurance, the production house should provide details of the budget, including money paid to the actors, the shooting schedule and location.

J&K: 14-year-old domestic help steals AK-47  open fires in marketBy: Express News Service | Jammu |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:07 pm
A labourer was killed and a police constable injured when a 14-year-old boy opened fire from an AK-47 rifle in Marble Market near Trikuta Nagar here late last night.
Identified as Ishfaq of Gool in Reasi district, the boy had decamped with the service weapon of a police constable Badar Din who had come to the house of his sister, also a police constable, at Channi Himmat. The boy was working as a domestic help at latter’s house.
Pointing out that Badar Din was deployed as PSO with a Congress leader Zulfikar Ali, police said that Ishfaq fled along with his rifle around 7 pm when the constable went to the toilet at his sister’s house leaving the service weapon on a table outside. He boarded a matador and went to Narwal where he hired an auto and asked the driver to take him to Trikuta Nagar.
On finding his rifle missing, Badar Din immediately informed the police who alerted all the nakas. During their hunt for the boy, police came to know that he had boarded an auto from Narwal towards Trikuta Nagar and they started chasing him.
In the meantime, the auto driver noticed the boy carrying a rifle inside his jacket and became suspicious. He drove him towards marble market and jumped out of the vehicle, and ran away taking advantage of darkness.
As Ishtiaq did not know driving, he too came out of the auto but, on finding the police chasing him, he ran towards a labour colony and took refuge in a jhuggi. On finding a stranger intruding into their jhuggi at night, the children inside started crying.
He first asked them to keep quiet, but as they did not respond, he opened fire injuring their father Lamgua, 50, who had come here in search of job from Chatterpur in Madhya Pradesh. He also opened fire on the police party chasing him, injuring a constable Riaz Ahmed, PSO of SHO Channi Himmat police station.
After firing a few bullets, the boy threw the rifle and tried to escape through a nearby nullah. However, he was arrested by police after a hot chase, while the injured labourer succumbed to injuries at a hospital.
While Ishaq is being questioned to find out about his militant links, constable Badar Din too has been taken into custody. The shootout took place less than 24 hours after multiple attacks by terrorists killed 13 including eight Armymen and three police men in the Valley.

BJP says don t politicise Sadhvi remarksComments
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti Tuesday tendered an apology in Parliament for using abusive language at an election campaign in Delhi but failed to douse the opposition fire even as the Bharatiya Janata Party Tuesday said the issue should not be stretched.
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
On Monday, Jyoti had said people of Delhi must decide if they wanted a government of Ramzaadon (followers of Ram) or a government of those who are illegitimate.
Union minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said in Rajya Sabha the government did not support Jyoti's remark, but he also asked the Opposition to "maintain decorum."
Naqvi said those in the government and the opposition should use dignified language and in the past UPA ministers too had crossed the line many times.
As Rajya Sabha session was adjourned for a third time, finance minister Arun Jaitley said Jyoti's comments were "improper and unacceptable".
He said since the minister had apologised and withdrawn her statement, "what happens outside isn't within domain of this House".
But BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra seemed to be defending her by saying it was a "slip of tongue" and the issue should not be politicised.
The saffron party also hit out at Congress, saying several of its leaders too have made objectionable remarks in the past.
"But have they ever been asked to resign? When did Congress sack them from the party? And they are called experienced leaders while Sadhvi Niranjan has become MP for the first time," UP BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpai said.
According to reports, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked party MPs to abstain from addressing the nation and also condemned the comments made by Jyoti.
Modi asked the MPs to avoid making uncalled for statements at the parliamentary board meeting held ahead of Parliament session on Tuesday.
Opposition demands resignation
The issue rocked both the Houses as agitated opposition MPs disrupted proceedings, seeking an explanation from the Prime Minister and demanding an apology from Jyoti, who joined the Narendra Modi's cabinet early last month.
The remarks drew the ire of Opposition which protested in Parliament following which Jyoti expressed "deep regret" and apologised for her actions saying she did not intend to hurt anyone's feelings.
"My intention was not to hurt anyone. If my speech outside the House has hurt anyone, I express my deep regrets," Jyoti said in Lok Sabha.
She said if certain words spoken by her outside the House have hurt someone, she is ready to take back her words and offer regrets. She also said she is ready to seek an apology.
The Opposition, however, refused to accept her apology and said she must resign or should be removed from her post.
Drama in House
As soon as Lok Sabha met for the day, Mallikarjun Kharge, leader of the Congress, took up the issue with Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
Kharge said the "objectionable" language used by Jyoti had created tension at a time when there had been quite a few communal riots.
Several Congress and Trinamool Congress members, too, rushed to the Well, shouting slogans.
Both Houses saw brief adjournments over the protests, even as Mahajan cautioned all members to be mindful of their speech.
"The Prime Minister should give an explanation," Congress leader Anand Sharma said.
Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati said the minister's remarks were against the secular ethos espoused by the Constitution and do not behold a person occupying a constitutional post.
The BJP should sack her, she said.
Mayawati and CPI(M) MP Sitaram Yechury demanded that an FIR be filed against Jyoti.
The Congress alleged that Jyoti had insulted the people of Delhi and she should issue an apology while the Aam Aadmi Party said it was the BJP's real face.
"The divisive thinking and divisive politics of the BJP has been exposed," Congress leader Ambika Soni said.
Manish Sisodia of Aam Aadmi Party said, "This is the real character of BJP. Their language shows what kind of work they are doing at the Centre and what kind of work they will do for Delhi."
Members of Congress, TMC, SP and other opposition parties rushed to the Well during the uproar over her remarks leading to four adjournments in Rajya Sabha and one in Lok Sabha during pre-lunch sitting.
Later, outside Parliament, the minister was asked about demands for her resignation.
"I have apologised and I have nothing else to say," she replied.
Following the controversy, Jyoti said, "I did not take name of any particular individual, community or party. I was talking about separatist parties and leaders who think of dividing the country..."
She later clarified her statement was for those who didn't believe in Ram and unified India, adding her remarks must not be given any communal overtone.
"Those who have sold the country, made it bankrupt, people will not voter for such people. Is it a crime to talk about Ram? How can talking about Ram be communal?"
"Muslims offer namaz in mosques, we do no object. Christians pray in churches, we do not object. Then talking about Ram should not be termed as communal. And those who call me communal, I would say what could be more communal than this."
"Do you want a government of people who believe in Ram, a government that believes in people. And i would like to say one more thing, be it Hindu or a Christian in the country, he is an offspring of Ram. And those who refuse to believe this, will never believe in this country also," she said.
Jyoti is credited with helping the ruling BJP make inroads among the Dalit and backward classes in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh.
She is among the six BJP MPs drafted into the party's campaign for the Delhi polls due early next year.
( With PTI inputs)

A date with nature: Valmik Thapars Wild Fire is an interesting readComments
Two days after the destruction of the man-eating wolf the Bheel guide and a crowd of followers turned up at our camp late in the evening, with an object swung on a pole and borne by two men.
It proved to be the wolf-boy, with wrists and ankles firmly bound together and a pole thrust in between—just as one sees a pig carried about by the natives in country places. Marks of severe handling showed themselves all over his body, and bleeding wounds on several of his captors proved that his teeth and long talons had been freely used. We directed his captors to loose his hands and feet, but they declared he would make off at once if they did so.
However, a dog-chain round the waist was all we would permit, and his hands and feet were soon free. Instead of taking to flight he cuddled up hands and feet together, just as children do when asleep.
His hair was long, hanging down to his shoulders, and matted in places. It was of a blackish hue with ends of a sandy brown. His legs and arms were thin and sinewy and showed many a scar and bruise; the stomach large and protuberant, the shoulders rounded. His teeth were worn to stumps in front, but the canines and molars were well developed.
Of wolf children in the wild: Valmik Thapar
On being given a piece of roast mutton he first smelt it, and then fell to greedily, tearing off pieces with the side of his mouth and swallowing them without mastication.
The bone he kept crunching at and gnawing for hours; this explained the worn state of his front teeth. He emitted a strong foxy odour, so that at first even the dogs avoided him, but he appeared to take at once to a large Brinjaree dog of mine, that much resembled a wolf in appearance.
 A chinkara watches a great Indian bustard and a wolf in the Rajasathan desert. Photo: Dhritiman Mukherjee
When taken into the tent, he showed a great dread of the light, and no persuasion or threats would get him near it. He at once made for a corner, or under the camp stretcher, and coiled himself up. But he was not allowed to stay in the tent as it was found that his hair swarmed with large ticks, and the smell from his body was overpowering. He was therefore given a truss of straw and chained near to the dogs, and a watchman was told off to look after him.
Next morning we were able to examine our strange captive more closely. He was apparently about ten years old. With difficulty we got him to stand upright. He measured four feet one inch in height. His knees, toes, elbows, and the lower part of his palms were hard, and covered with a horny skin, showing that he habitually crawled on knees and elbows.
He would occasionally get on to his feet, run a few paces, and then fall on to his palms and hurry along much as one sees a monkey do. When moving he was usually on his elbows and knees.
Golden jackals. Photo: Ansar Khan
This mode of progression was probably acquired from having to crouch low when entering and leaving the wolf den. He would not tolerate clothing of any land nor would he use straw. He preferred to scratch a hole in the sand and cuddle himself up in this. We had his hair close cropped and then took him to the river for a wash, but to this he most strongly objected, and it required all the exertions of two syces (grooms) and the mehter (sweeper) to force him into the water.
We could only get him quiet when Nandair, the Brinjaree dog, was washed beside him. He quite took to the big Brinjaree, but showed a strong aversion to a hairy terrier belonging to Cumberledge.
On being shown the skin of the large she-wolf he became quite excited, smelled at it several times, turned it over, and then uttered the most plaintive howls it has ever been my lot to listen to. They resembled somewhat the first cry of a jackal; hence the servants called him Seeall (jackal). After this he would never go near the skin, but showed evident marks of terror when taken near it. He would sleep all day, but became restless at nights, and would then try to escape to the woods.
He would not touch dog-biscuits or rice stewed with meat, but would select all the meat and leave the rice. Raw meat he snatched at greedily. He appeared to be particularly partial to the offal of fowls. When on one occasion the cook threw away the entrails of a chicken in his presence, he instantly seized it and swallowed it before anyone could prevent him. He also showed a strong predilection for carrion. His sense of smell was so acute that he could scent a dead cow or buffalo a long distance off, and at once began tugging at his chain to get to it.
OF WOLF CHILDREN IN THE WILD: VALMIK THAPAR
Between 1875 and 1925, 200,000 wolves were killed as vermin. India's bushy wilderness was teeming with wolves and it is impossible to estimate numbers. 19th and early 20th century natural history writing is rich with wolf encounters and the scores of children they killed and snatched from the villages of India. Then there are several unbelievable first hand accounts like this one of wolf children that were supposed to have been nurtured by a pack of wolves in a wolf den! I for one do not think this is possible but...

VIPs spice up jails: Inside the world of celebrity prisonersComments
They live in 10X15 feet cells, away from their posh houses, bullet-proof beacon vehicles, and shorn of the halo of invincibility.
From J Jayalalithaa to Asaram and Subrata Roy to Rampal, people who we thought law couldn’t touch, have landed on the cold, hard floor of prisons across the country. These spiritual gurus, media barons, serving and former chief ministers, and top businesspersons spend their time like thousands of others languishing in our overcrowded jails, barring periodic outings on medical grounds.
Indian jails had 4,08,111 inmates in 2013. Tihar, the country’s most high-profile prison, houses more than 13,500 of them, a growing number being celebrity jailbirds.
Greater public scrutiny, an aggressive media, investigations supervised by the judiciary and strong, new tools like the Right to Information are some of the factors that have contributed to the rich and the powerful landing in jail in unprecedented numbers.
While jail is supposed to be a great leveller, fellow inmates often complain about preferential and even reverential treatment given by authorities to them.
An inmate who was released on bail from Tihar’s jail number 3 two months ago, said prison rules did not seem to apply to a certain businessman lodged there.

Decks cleared for Insurance bill  if parliament is not disruptedDecks cleared for Insurance bill, if Parliament is not disrupted
Kavita Chowdhury | New Delhi Dec 06, 2014 11:30 PM IST
With the Congress and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on the same page in the Rajya Sabha’s select committee on changes in India’s insurance laws, prospects of  the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill being tabled in Parliament have turned brighter.
Currently, the select committee is considering the Bill. It is understood to have favoured raising the existing 26 per cent cap on foreign direct investment (FDI) in the sector to 49 per cent (including for portfolio investors).
The fear of ‘hot money’ or funds by foreign institutional investors taking over the sensitive insurance sector had first been voiced by the BJP (under the leadership of former finance minister Yashwant Sinha, the party had opposed raising the FDI caps altogether). Subsequently, the Congress had also voiced concern.
In August, Anand Sharma, Congress MP in the Rajya Sabha, had said, “FDI means it’s tangible investment, solid investment coming into a particular sector for business purposes and when there is a sectoral cap, the issue of ownership and control comes in, which means even if you go up to 49 per cent, the ownership and control is very clearly defined. Earlier, there were two definitions. Now, too, one is for companies, and the other is under FDI so that there is clarity on what we mean by Indian ownership and control. The change that has happened is the BJP has proposed portfolio investment as part of FDI. This is a sensitive sector.”
The Congress’s stance had given rise to the impression that the party sought more clarity on FII investment in the insurance sector. However, now, it is felt it has acceded to a composite cap. As such, the select committee, which has time till December 12 to table its report, will meet on Monday to finalise the report.
The Left, the Janata Dal (United) and the Trinamool Congress are likely to table dissent notes on the report.
INSURANCE LIBERALISATION IN INDIA
In 1993, the govt set up a panel under former RBI governor RN Malhotra to propose reforms for the insurance sector
In 1994, the panel recommended private companies, as well as foreign firms (by floating Indian companies) be allowed into the sector
In 1999, Irda was constituted as an autonomous body to regulate the sector. It was incorporated as a statutory body in 2000
Irda opened the market in August 2000, inviting applications for registrations; foreign firms were allowed ownership of up to 26%
In December 2000, subsidiaries of GIC were restructured as independent firms; GIC was converted into a national re-insurer
In 2002, Parliament passed a Bill de-linking 4 subsidiaries
In 2008, UPA govt introduced the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, proposing the cap on foreign investment in insurance firms be raised to 49%
Standing committee on finance rejected this, citing the global economic crisis and the sensitive and long-term nature of the sector
In 2013, 86 amendments were incorporated and the Bill was reintroduced; the Bill sought to retain the proposed FDI cap of 49 per cent; the contention was whether there should be a separate cap for FIIs
In its current form, the select committee does not argue for a separate cap for FIIs
The select committee, headed by BJP MP Chandan Mitra, will seek to convince members of the need to raise the FDI cap, saying this would help the sector meet its growing financial needs.
Despite demands by the Left that ‘Indian-owned’ and ‘Indian-controlled’, be defined afresh, the committee is believed not to have accepted such a step, as it found no need to redefine Indian ownership for 49 per cent. Other crucial recommendations of the committee include accepting the unanimous view of all members to raise the minimum capital requirement for health insurance companies from Rs 50 crore to Rs 100 crore.
The panel is also in favour of the entry of multinational insurance brokers into the insurance sector. It has left it to the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority to frame regulations in this regard. The committee’s report could see minor alterations before it is tabled in Parliament, as members might insist on changes.    
Though the government can take comfort from the fact that the select committee will clear its draft report without glitches, as well as the prospect that it could even be tabled in Parliament, whether or not it succeeds in getting the Bill passed in the Upper House remains to be seen, given the current stalemate. Congress sources admit through they aren't opposed to the insurance Bill, it is not their priority in this session. "Right now, the government should be more worried about the logjam in Parliament than anything," said a senior Congress leader.

Airline says strategy will pay off  but insiders cast doubtsAirline says strategy will pay off, but insiders cast doubts
Anjuli Bhargava | New Delhi Dec 06, 2014 10:37 PM IST
Which way is low-fare airline SpiceJet headed? This is the question online portals, travel agents, various suppliers and vendors to the airline are plagued with as the airline continues to cancel flights across cities and its fleet continues to shrink.
According to DGCA sources, the airline is now flying with 22 Boeings and while it has 15 Q400s, DGCA sources were unable to say how many were in use as of now.
Portals and travel agents are worried since they have sold inventory and seats for the airline almost for a year in the future and there is now no guarantee that the airline will be flying till then. Moreover, since the airline is strapped for cash, obtaining refunds from them for tickets sold and cancelled is also proving to be a challenge. The Airport Authority of India (AAI) has also put the airline on cash and carry.
People are also sceptical on whether any investor would buy into the airline at this stage. "The only thing left to buy is debt. There is very little other value I see in the airline. Even the brand has taken a hit with its recent spate of cancellations", said an industry analyst.
"Is it the beginning of the end," is the question people are asking and is filling up all seats on the aircraft no matter at what price a dangerous game to play or the right way to rescue an airline?
No one has all the answers today but within six to eight months, industry experts, analysts, a growing number of former SpiceJet employees (several of whom have either quit or been asked to leave when they asked uncomfortable questions), rivals and even the airline's various trade partners argue that the results will be there for all to see.
Spicejet's chief operating officer (COO), Sanjeev Kapoor, argues that his strategy is the way to go. By offering never ending discounts and filling up more seats, the airline will in due course reverse its losses and attain new heights.
Pointing to the first quarter results, the airline in its response to a number of questions on its strategy says: "RASK (revenue per available seat kilometer) is up. RASK is the product of yields and load factor. So, clearly, this is helping, not hurting. This is basic revenue management. Some so-called "experts" evidently do not understand that relationship between loads, yield, RASK, and average fare, average revenue, and marginal revenue".
There are doubts whether this strategy will work in the long term.
One, the airline has been offering high deposit incentives to mop up cash from online portals and travel agents. The industry normally offers between 1-2 per cent as deposit incentive. It's not as if it hasn't been done before (Go Air and others have offered higher rates when strapped for cash) but SpiceJet is offering 10-12 per cent which they argue is "suicidal" in an industry where margins are thin. "They have been collecting money today to fly tomorrow. This is very dangerous. It is like mortgaging your future to pay for your present", says one of the large consolidators in the trade, who doesn't want to be quoted as he works with SpiceJet among other airlines. SpiceJet in response to Business Standard's query on this said that this was privileged information and that their incentives were in line with the market.
Two, the airline has been selling its inventory at very low rates. Sources argue that almost 40-50 per cent of the inventory has been sold at very low rates. How the low fare model works is that the airline may sell some seats well before the date of the flight at pretty low prices. And as the flight nears, the fares go up. But if the airline has sold a high percentage of seats at a low price, then it is unable to make up because the seats that are left have to be sold at very high rates to break even. "The October-December quarter which is typically high season has been sold at very low rates. And if an airline doesn't make money in this quarter, it spells doom for the financial year", says one source. He says that the airline has even sold 2015 inventory at very questionable rates.
That the airline has shrunk fleet is known. Not too long back, the airline was flying with 42 Boeings and 15 Q400s. Four aircraft were returned to Babcock (one of its main lessors). Five aircraft they say have been returned as "scheduled redeliveries plus opportunistic exits of older aircraft as we refresh and standardise our fleet." Sources say the airline has been shrinking its fleet to remain profitable and cuts in fleet size cannot be ruled out. The airline recently lost a number of pilots including some commanders. It reported a loss of Rs 310 crore in the second quarter of the year.

http://usat.ly/1FU6GSyNew Republic cuts print schedule as editors leave
Liberal politics magazine New Republic to cut print schedule to 10 issues a year as editor leaves.
Post to Facebook
New Republic cuts print schedule as editors leave Liberal politics magazine New Republic to cut print schedule to 10 issues a year as editor leaves. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zWEgVK
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
New Republic cuts print schedule as editors leave
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 5:56 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
The New Republic, owned by Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes, will cut publishing schedule and change newsroom management.  [Via MerlinFTP Drop]
(Photo: Jason Gardner)
12 CONNECT 28 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Two top editors at The New Republic are leaving as the liberal political magazine cuts its print publication schedule and plans to invest more in digital media.
Franklin Foer, the editor who oversaw the magazine from 2006 to 2010 and rejoined in 2012, is stepping down and will be replaced by Gabriel Snyder, who comes from Bloomberg Media and is a former editor of Gawker.
Leon Wieseltier, its literary editor who's worked at the magazine for more than 30 years, is also leaving.
The 100-year-old magazine also said it's moving its headquarters to New York from Washington, D.C.
Bought by Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes in March 2012, the magazine publishes 20 times a year but will cut its production schedule to 10 issues as part of "a recalibration of (its) resources" for digital products it plans to launch, wrote New Republic CEO Guy Vidra in a note to the staff.
"Given the frequency reduction, we will also be making some changes to staff structure," Vidra wrote. "This is not a decision we make lightly, but we believe this restructuring is critical to the long-term success of the company."
The New Republic plans to evolve as "a vertically integrated digital media company" that will presumably chase after digital advertising and sponsored events as new revenue sources.
"I've always had a hard time imagining leaving here. That moment, however, has arrived," Foer told staffers in a memo. "Chris and Guy have significant plans for this place. And their plans and my own vision for TNR meaningfully diverge."
Journalists and fans of the magazine took to Twitter to express their concern that the venerable magazine that touts original reporting and careful editing as its strengths is heading toward a digital media realm that rewards quick-churn stories and click-bait journalism.
"Dear @TNR and @chrishughes, please immediately remove me from your masthead as a Contributing Editor," tweeted Ryan Lizza, a Washington correspondent for the New Yorker magazine whose name appears on the New Republic's masthead.
Jonathan Chait, writer for New York magazine who once worked at the New Republic, tweeted: "I guess it goes without saying that I'm with @RyanLizza. @tnr please remove me from your contributing editors."
"I expect many others will follow (Foer and Wieseltier)," Chait wrote Thursday for New York magazine's website.
"At the magazine's 100th anniversary gala two weeks ago, where Hughes, Foer, Wieseltier, and Hughes's new CEO, Guy Vidra, all spoke, the speeches took a sharply, awkwardly divergent tone," Chait wrote. "Foer and Weiseltier gave soaring paeans to the magazine's immense role in shaping American liberal thought. Hughes and Vidra used words like 'brand' and boasted about page views, giving no sense of appreciation at all for the magazine's place in American life."
Snyder, who has also worked as editor of The Atlantic Wire, was hired because he has experience in traditional journalism and "understands what it takes to create content that will travel across all platforms," Vidra said. "He truly reflects the 'straddle generation' of journalists and editors," he said.
Hughes hired Vidra in September and the appointment underscored Hughes' intent to move the company in a new digital-first direction. Before he joined TNR, Vidra was the head of Yahoo News and previously worked as the head of business development and emerging media for The Washington Post.
12 CONNECT 28 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zWEgVK
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Saffronising textbooks: Where myth and dogma replace historyComments
In 'We or Our Nationhood Defined,' published in 1939, MS Golwalkar, second chief of the Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) argued that the Aryan race originated in India. Interestingly, the argument does not challenge the other theory which states that the Aryans migrated into India. This was, according to Golwalkar, because the North Pole was originally in India, somewhere around today's Odisha and Bihar, and eventually shifted to its present location. "It was not the Hindus who migrated to that land but the arctic which emigrated and left the Hindus and Hindustan."
While this may be viewed as doing considerable damage to both history and geography, the Sangh believes it is the correct version of one of the many nationalist themes which should find space in history text books in India. With the union Human Resource Development (HRD) minister Smriti Irani saying that the new education policy will be announced early next year, right wing bodies and ideologues are on an overdrive to suggest changes to the government in order to rectify what they believe is the flawed history narrative taught to students across the country.
"Our children have been reading history, which makes them feel humiliated of their past. We want a history which makes them feel proud as Indians," said Bal Mukund Pandey, general secretary of Akhil Bhartiya Itihas Sankalan Yojna (ABISY), a history research organisation affiliated with the RSS. With 500 professors on its side, Pandey claims that his 30-year-old organisation has attempted to bring out the vastavik itihaas (real history) of India through the 350 books that it has published since it was established in 1984.
Certain themes, they believe, militate against their 'Indianised' version of history: Muslims leaders like Akbar deliberately being shown in a positive light; the revolt of 1857 being wrongly projected as the First War of Independence; the glorification of Gandhi and Nehru over Patel and Tilak.
In early October, ABISY conducted a symposium in Delhi's national museum to pay tribute to Hemchandra Vikramaditya or Hemu, whose defeat by Akbar's army ended the short-lived rule of a Hindu emperor in Delhi and resurrected the Mughal power. Members of ABISY, Vishva Hindu Parishad and the BJP attended the event whose chief guest was union minister of culture, Shripad Naik. "Henceforth, every time you talk of Akbar, you have to mention Hemu," said Pandey, adding that national warriors Maharana Pratap and Shivaji are among those who are not given adequate space in history texts. "Instead, they teach students about cricket and about the Monalisa in world civilization," he said. At the core of this enthusiasm to rewrite history lies the long-standing belief that the government, since independence, has been promoting Marxist historians and suppressing the alternate nationalist stream. Irfan Habib, RS Sharma, Bipan Chandra and Romila Thapar belong to the former category.
"It got institutionalised with the appointment of Noorul Hasan as the union education minister in 1972. He filled all the prominent higher education institutions with historians of Leftist ideology," said Rakesh Sinha, honorary director of India Policy Foundation, an RSS think tank. "It is a colonial project. They wanted us to read a communal interpretation of India. And Marxist historians did the academically criminal act of projecting communal history as the national history," added Sinha, who is currently working on a book on the role of the RSS in India's freedom movement, another theme that the Sangh is keen to highlight.
Left-liberal historians refute the charge. "This charge is primarily political," said Dr Aditya Mukherjee, professor of contemporary Indian history at Jawaharlal Nehru University and co- author of the book 'RSS, School Text Books and the Murder of Mahatma Gandhi', adding, "Their problem is with three Ms in Indian history: Marxism, Macaulay and Madrasa."
Mukherjee believes there's a real danger of dogma replacing history. "Can a doctor argue with the prime minister when he says that plastic surgery and genetic science helped in the creation of Lord Ganesha and Karna? This is not history. This is the lowest level of imagination," he said. BP Sahu, professor at Delhi University's history department thinks the right wing's vision of history is episodic and not chronological and aims to play up certain themes related to questions of identity. This, he said, fits perfectly into their perception of Hindu India. "Larger issues of causation, periodisation and transition, which would be of concern to a practising historian are things which are outside their vision," he said, adding that the right wing is more interested in an Indianised history than in the history of India.
In this intellectual tussle, historians on the Right insist those on the Left under-valued the cultural and civilisational component of India's past and gave primacy to class and economic factors. Right wing historian Meenakshi Jain, whose book on medieval India was included in the school syllabus during the National Democratic Alliance government (1998-2004), cites an example of the imbalance in the history taught at that time. "When Islam came as a political power for the first time to India, the encounter between two evolved civilisations, with wholly different worldviews, was a complex affair. I felt this was missing in the earlier NCERT textbooks, which exhibited a tendency to elevate one side to the detriment of the other."
Jain's is also a classic example of the politicisation of education. With the UPA coming to power in 2005, her book was withdrawn as part of the new government's larger plan to de-saffronise text books. "The committee set up by the government to examine the issue met just one group of academics and recommended its dismissal. I was not even given a hearing. There should have been an open debate," she said.
Dr Saradindu Mukherjee, former associate professor at DU, said history text books, which are being taught at schools, should be replaced as they were written by a set of people who toed the government (Congress) line. "Look at the history of the Indian freedom movement. It appears that Gandhi and Nehru were the only two heroes. Important revolutionaries such as Tilak, Bipin Chandra Pal, Aurobindo Ghose and Lala Lajpat Rai get sidelined," said Mukherjee, who served as a member of the Indian Council of Social Research during the NDA regime. He traces the rift between nationalist and Leftist historians to the publication of 'The Sepoy Mutiny and Revolt of 1857' by RC Majumdar (1957), which argued that 1857 was a sepoy mutiny and not a war of independence. "Subsequently, many historians said the same and were discouraged," he said. It had become unwise to hold views that didn't match the official line of the Congress government in newly independent India.
The times have changed but the vexed issue of how our history is interpreted remains. Today, the right wing can push its version of history but is facing some difficulty as it lacks credible historians to back its claims. RC Majumdar, who did respectable work on ancient India and edited the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan series on Indian history, is the single historian of repute who is held in high regard by the right wing. The only other name that pops up is Sir William Jones, British scholar and founder of the Asiatic Society (1784)! Rakesh Sinha said scholarly historians who professed the alternate stream were all demoralised on realising that their work would not be accepted by the government. "Those who have conviction in this paradigm that Left-liberal history writers were promoted by the government lack an army of researchers," said Sinha, adding that Bhartiya Vidya Bhavan founded by KM Munshi was the last attempt to make an intervention in the writing of history. One weakness of the movement that is dissatisfied with the current state of history writing, according to Meenakshi Jain, is its inability to produce a counter body of historical works. "Mere dissatisfaction with current historical writing cannot suffice. A credible academic counter narrative should be offered," she said.
In that case, how successful will the Sangh Parivar be in rewriting Indian history? The coming year could provide the answers. The National Curriculum Framework, an NCERT document, based on which educational institutes formulate syllabi, is up for revision in 2015. Bal Mukund Pandey of ABISY is confident that, this time, Marxist historians will not have the last word in meetings conducted to revise the NCF. "The meetings will not be dominated by historians who refute the Ramayana and the Mahabharata as myth," said Pandey.
Liberal historians say that the appointment of Smriti Irani, someone with no previous experience of any administration, as the education minister, indicates that the Prime Minister's Office will monitor the broad education and cultural policy. "The PM knows that in areas such as development and economy, he cannot allow Sangh affiliates to interfere. Education and culture are easy areas which can be left to the Nagpur people and their extension here at Jhandewalan," said BP Sahu.
The appointments of Ram Shankar Katheria, a former RSS paracharak, as minister of state, HRD, and of RSS ideologue Dinanath Batra as advisor on education to the Haryana government are also seen as steps in this direction. Batra was behind the litigation which resulted in the recall of Wendy Doniger's 'The Hindus: An Alternative History'.
Change is already visible in the Indian Council of Historical Research of which Sahu is a member. Its new head Dr YS Rao is on record saying the Ramayana and Mahabharata are not myths. "In the latest council meeting, we got three or four proposals from bodies affiliated to the Sangh Parivar wanting money for projects on the Mahabharata, Draupadi and the Puranas. All of a sudden, why do we have such applications coming up?" asked Sahu.
About two dozen members of the ABISY and other RSS outfits working on education met the HRD minister on October 30th in Delhi. In September, RSS affiliated bodies held a seminar in Jaipur to discuss issues related to higher education. Similar conclaves are planned in mid-December and January in other states. The 2014 World Hindu Congress, which took place in Delhi in November, conducted a two-day Hindu educational conference. Recommendations emerging from these meetings will be submitted to the HRD ministry. Rakesh Sinha believes the current government will take note of inputs from right wing think tanks because of the ideological commonality. "The HRD minister and the prime minister have a similar perspective of history. They feel that this history is not the Indian historiography," he said. For the moment, at least, the Right seems set to rewrite Indian history.

Hagel says 1000 extra US troops to remain in Afghanistan beyond 2015Hagel says 1000 extra US troops to remain in Afghanistan beyond 2015
Uber cab driver allegedly rapes Delhi woman; company reactsDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Uber was banned in Delhi yesterday and government mulled similar action across the country as outrage grew over the alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman executive by its cab driver.
Uber cabs driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who was arrested Sunday evening from Mathura for raping a 27-year-old executive in Delhi, is a repeat offender- Uber claims that it offers the ‘safest rides on the road’.
Revealed during the initial interrogation by the police, this fact highlights the carelessness on the part of Uber cab service. The accused would not have been behind the wheel of the Uber cab had the US-based company run a background check and got police verification done.
On Friday night, the 27-year-old woman who works for a finance company in Gurgaon has gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7 pm. After dinner, one of her friend gave her a ride till Vasant Kunj. She meanwhile booked the cab from Vasant Kunj to her house in Inderlok on her smartphone. The driver along with Uber Swift Dzire cab arrived around 10.20 pm and she left for home.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat of the car only to wake up and find that they had stopped at a secluded spot. She found that the car doors were locked and, when she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed her and then committed rape.
“The driver reportedly sexually assaulted her and beat her up. The woman said she tried to fight back, but he overpowered her. He reportedly told her that if she shouted for help, he would insert a rod in her genitals, and reminded her of the December 16 2012 bus gangrape in the city,” reported Indian Express.
In the complaint, the woman said that the driver repeatedly slapped her and punched her when she tried to use her phone to make a call. He also told her that he would drop her home safely only if she wouldn’t report the matter to the police.
The driver reportedly dropped her home, registered the end of the ride on Uber’s software, and gave her a bill. “After she got down from the car, she secretly clicked a photograph of the cab, with the vehicle’s registration number. She went home, but soon  left for the Sarai Rohilla police station to file a complaint,” said the police.
This incident was reported around 1.25 am on Saturday. A case was registered at Sarai Rohilla Police Station under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
Activists of AISA and JNUSU protest against the rape by Uber cab driver, outside Police headquarters in New Delhi. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Uber cab in which the crime took place was owned by the driver himself and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to the Delhi police. The Swift Dzire cab in which the crime took place was recovered from the city late Saturday night.
Meanwhile, the US-based cab service provider, which has come under attack for allegedly flouting norms, has issued a statement saying they are providing all help to police in the investigation.
We are deeply disturbed by the reported incident. Our thoughts are with the victim. We are actively and fully cooperating with authorities.
— Uber Delhi (@Uber_Delhi) December 6, 2014
Uber spokesperson, Evelyn Tay, made the following statement on their blog, “Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done.”
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” added Evelyn Tay.
Police take away rape accused Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav after he was produced before a Magistrate Court in New Delhi on Monday. (PTI)
Police said the driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was an Smartphone App which he exited after the incident.
The company also could not immediately provide the call log to police as details were said to be stored at the company’s headquarters in New York.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

Al-Qaeda kills hostages as US tries dramatic rescue bidAl-Qaeda kills hostages as US tries dramatic rescue bid
Delhi cab rape: Are our cities unsafe for womenComments
A 25-year-old woman was allegedly raped by a radio cab driver in north Delhi’s Sarai Rohilla late Friday night.
The woman, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, told police she boarded the Uber cab at 9.30pm from south Delhi’s Vasant Vihar, where she had gone for a party with friends.
She was raped at an isolated place between Sarai Rohilla and Inderlok, police said, adding the cabbie threatened to kill and sexually assault her with a rod if she resisted him. He dropped her home after the attack.
Delhi rape: Uber cabbie held, to be produced before court today
The incident has once again thrown questions on the safety of women in our cities.
Is our country still unsafe for women? Why do such crimes continue despite public outrage? Vote and tell us what you think.

Delhi cab rape case: Police conduct raids in Uttar Pradesh  no background check on driverComments
The Uber cab driver accused of raping a 25-year-old financial analyst in Delhi was arrested from his home town Mathura on Sunday, as the US online taxi-booking service faced several questions over lack of security checks.
Activists from All India Students Association (AISA) shout slogans against Delhi Police, protesting the rape of a woman by a cab driver, in New Delhi on Sunday. (Sonu Mehta/ HT photo)
Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, was nabbed by a joint team of the Delhi and Mathura police from the temple town in Uttar Pradesh where his car was found abandoned a day earlier.
He would be produced before a court in the Capital on Monday, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (north), said.
Yadav allegedly assaulted a 25-year-old woman MNC employee in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla late Friday night. The woman hailed a ride with him via Uber, which has launched an aggressive international expansion.
The alleged rape, reported days before the second anniversary of the brutal gangrape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in a moving bus in the Capital in December 2012, could have Uber facing legal action.
The San Francisco-based firm failed to run a background check on Yadav, also the car owner, and the vehicle was without a satellite tracking device, the police said. The address he gave to Uber was fake.
Police served a notice on the firm, asking it to join the investigation. “Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we’ll go for legal recourse,” Verma said. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case, he added.
The cab service initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
This made it difficult for the police initially. The breakthrough came after around 12 police teams carried out raids in different parts of UP, especially around Mathura, 160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi where the crime took place.
Laxmi Singh, deputy inspector general for Agra Range, said, "Police in Mathura, in coordination with the Delhi Police, were looking for the accused, who was finally arrested on Sunday evening from Meera Mohan Colony under Highway police station."
The driver had locked himself in a house to dodge the police teams chasing him, Deepak Mishra, special commissioner of Delhi Police (law and order), said.
The arrest came barely 30 minutes after the Delhi Police announced a reward of Rs. 1 lakh for information leading to Yadav.
Uber faces the heat
Uber has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the US.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokesperson.
But, it took the Delhi Police almost eight hours to trace Uber’s office in Gurgaon though the victim had provided them a picture of the car’s number plate she clicked on her phone.
Investigators found the Uber office locked, police said. The supervisor, they said, had little information about Yadav.
“The iPhone that was provided to him by Uber to track his location was switched off,” a senior investigating officer said. The SIM card of the phone was registered in the name of another driver, Gaurav, who told them that Yadav was a native of Mathura, the officer said.
Crime capital
The rape victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, told police she boarded the Uber cab at 9.30pm from south Delhi's Vasant Vihar, where she had gone for a party with friends.
She was raped at an isolated place between Sarai Rohilla and Inderlok, police said, adding the cabbie threatened to kill and sexually assault her with a rod if she resisted him. He dropped her home after the attack.
The cabbie even gave her a missed call from his mobile phone, police added.
According to her complaint, the woman had gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7pm. One of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat only to wake up and find that the car had stopped at a secluded spot.
The car doors were locked. When she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed and sexually assaulted her, police said.
"The woman clicked a photograph of the car's number plate and then made a PCR call to report the incident," police added.
The incident comes at a time when the Capital is under a high-security alert following threats of a sensational terror attack by Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Vehicle checks have been stepped up across the city and anti-sabotage barricades put in place ahead of US President Barack Obama's Republic Day visit to India.
Protests erupt
Dozens of students scuffled with officers on Sunday as they tried to enter police headquarters in New Delhi to protest the rising incidents of rape in the Capital.
"I am here to protest the irregularities and failure of the state machinery, which refuses to acknowledge that rapes happen due to their failure," said Urvashi Joshi, one of the demonstrators.
The protesters, from the All India Students Association, dispersed after an hour-long demonstration.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said the guilty should be booked immediately.
 
"The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future.
 
"This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government," Lalani said.
(With agency inputs)

SpiceJet pilots flocking to other airlinesSpiceJet pilots flocking to other airlines
Australia plans mining centre of excellence in IndiaAustralia plans mining centre of excellence in India
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Dec 7:  
Australia is ready to share the best technical services with India, and is looking to set up a Global Mining Centre of Excellence. The centre will be launched together with Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation next year.
The decision was one of the outcomes of the 12th International Mining and Machinery Exhibition (IMME) that saw participation from 14 Australian companies, 25 German and 40 Chinese ones, among others.
Quoting Melissa Carter, Trade Adviser to the Australian Trade Commission, the Confederation of Indian Industry said in a release that Australian mining experts are expected to train their Indian counterparts. These companies will also look at tie-ups with Indian firms to jointly explore opportunities in South Africa in the coming days.
The CII is the organiser of the IMME 2014.
"More and more Australian companies want to connect with businesses in India,” Carter was quoted in the release. In all, 14 Australian companies took part in IMME 2014.
Meanwhile, Klaus Stockmann, Member, VDMA, said, most of the German companies who participated in the summit have developed vital business contacts with prospective buyers.
"We have received about 300 serious business queries this year,” he said adding that the absence of skilled workers could be a reason for "dismal growth" in the mining sector of the country, the release said.
Lack of knowledge in handling the latest equipment could also be a reason as to why production is not good enough, Stockmann also added.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Delhi Metro to open ITO station early next yearDelhi Metro to open ITO station early next year
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
Delhiites can look forward to a seamless ride to ITO, which houses several government establishments and is perennially clogged with heavy traffic, as the Delhi Metro is gearing up to throw open the ITO station early next year.
The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will do trial runs on the Mandi House-ITO stretch by the end of this month, which if successful will be followed by the official opening of the stretch.
“We are attempting to kick-start the trial runs by the end of this month,” a DMRC spokesperson said.
Depending on the success of the trial run, the officials said, it can be “safely stated” that the section will be made operational early next year.
However, the exact date of the launch of operations cannot be announced at this stage.
“All the operational and safety parameters will be checked during the trial runs. The trial runs have no deadline as such. They will continue for at least one-and-a-half—months if not more,” the official said.
Following the trial runs, the Delhi Metro will have to obtain the mandatory safety clearance from the commissioner of Metro Railway Safety without which the station cannot be opened to commuters.
“Getting a safety clearance from the commissioner of Metro Railway Safety is a must. It shall come provided the trial runs are successful. Immediately after that the line will be thrown open to the commuters,” the spokesperson added.
Heritage corridor
The Mandi House-ITO stretch is a part of the upcoming Heritage corridor from Central Secretariat to Kashmere Gate of Metro’s Phase-III project, which will have stations at the historical Red Fort, Jama Masjid, and Delhi Gate areas.
The ITO station, according to officials, is almost ready as all the civil work has been completed. A pedestrian subway through the station, connecting Delhi Police Headquarters to The Institution of Engineers (India) building, was thrown open in August.
Once operational, around 22,000 passengers are expected to use the station daily and the number is likely to rise to 31,000, according to the Detailed Project Report of DMRC.
The ITO area houses prominent establishments like the Delhi Police headquarters, Delhi Secretariat, Income Tax Office, PWD headquarters and the intersection in its vicinity is a nightmare for regular commuters owing to heavy traffic.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

4.5 crore people waiting for govt jobs acros...4.5 crore people waiting for government jobs across country
By B Sivakumar, TNN | 7 Dec, 2014, 12.56PM IST
0
Share More
Across India there are many waiting patiently for a government job after registering with employment exchanges. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
R Vadivelu, a qualified technician in Theni district of Tamil Nadu, got a government job 30 years after he registered with an employment exchange. By the time he got the appointment letter, he was 58 years old and he worked for only 10 months before retiring.
Across India there are many like him, waiting patiently for a government job after registering with employment exchanges. croreAccording to the data presented in Parliament on Thursday, there are 4.47 crore people registered with employment exchanges in the country. Despite being an industrialized state, Tamil Nadu tops states in the number of people waiting for government jobs . The state has 77 lakh people who have registered their names with employment exchanges. West Bengal comes second with 70.68 lakh people, followed by Uttar Pradesh with 60.70 lakh.
Vadivelu registered in an employment exchange in Madurai in 1987 and got an appointment letter in the middle of 2012. "I joined as a fitter in a government workshop in Theni and worked for 10 months and retired in 2013. Though I represented my case to several depart ments and even to the assembly, I did not get any relief," said Vadivelu. He is not eligible for pension and hence the basic objective of landing a government job -financial security in old age -has been defeated.
"Whether the state is industrialized or not, people still clamour for a government job because of the security it offers. A person after entering government service need not fear about losing the employment and there is also financial security after retirement in the form of pension," said Jawaharlal Nehru University economist Prof Jayati Ghosh . Though there are many industries in Tamil Nadu, including those that are labour-intensive, not many jobs are created to absorb the labour force with basic education and low skills, she said.
Some states like Ta mil Nadu have many vacancies in govern ment departments and can also create more jobs. "The job struc ture currently in prac tice in government departments was designed in 1947. Since then the population and government functions have increased manifold but successive governments have not taken steps to change the structure and give opportunities to people willing to join government service," said Tamil Nadu Government Employees Association general secretary R Balasubramanian.
Most of those who have registered in employment exchanges have either fin ished their higher second ary or hold a degree. There are a few doctors and engineers too. Minister of state for labour and employment Bandaru Dattatreya, in a reply to a question in the Rajya Sabha, recently said: "The government has taken steps to enhance employability and employment in the coun try by promoting labour-in tensive industries like con struction, real estate, transport and tourism and establishing micro, small and medium enterprises."

Macquaire highlights 5-Is for India s high GDP growthMacquaire highlights the five-Is that will drive India's growth higher
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 4 Dec, 2014, 03.35PM IST
0
Share More
According to Macquaire, the 5Is that would drive India's growth are - Infra, Interest Rates, 'India made', Indirect tax reforms and Internet.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: While acknowledging that the underlying momentum of economic activity remains mixed, Macquaire Research in its latest report 'India Strategy Outlook 2015: From Promise to Performance', highlights five essential factors that will help India move to higher growth path.
"From being amongst the least preferred markets more than a year ago, India has climbed up the charts to being amongst the most preferred markets to invest in," said Macquaire. According to Macquaire, the 5Is that would drive India's growth are - Infra, Interest Rates, 'India made', Indirect tax reforms and Internet.
According to Rakesh Arora, MD and Head of Research at Macquaire, the Indian economy is likely to start growing in the 7-8% range FY17 onwards. "We see a 5.4% growth rate in this financial year and 6.5% in FY16. From FY17 onwards the economy should start growing at 7% plus rate," Arora told Economictimes.com.
We take a look at the 5-Is that Macquaire Research has outlined in its report and the rationale for citing them as key drivers of India's economic growth:
1) Infrastructure: According to Rakesh Arora, "Infrastructure is a key focus area for the new government. Within infrastructure we are bullish on roads, railways and transportation." "The government has announced a target of building 30 km of roads per day, we are hoping that things will pick up drastically soon," Arora told Economictimes.com.
"National Highways Authority of India has already lined up close to $10 billion of projects awards to be done over the next 3-6 months," states the Macquaire report.
"Railways and urban metro projects are additional areas slated to receive priority under the new government. Pace of activity on dedicated freight corridor and key rail links for coal evacuation should pick up in 2015," the report adds. Arora told Economictimes.com that with Suresh Prabhu taking charge, Indian Railways is expected to turnaround in a big way.
2) Interest Rates: Industry has been widely calling for a rate cut from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and Macquaire lists this as one key factor in driving India's economic growth.
"Infrastructure and capital goods firms are highly leveraged. A rate cut by the RBI - when it happens - is is going to have a very important impact," Arora said, while elaborating on the importance of a rate cut from the central bank. "RBI rate cut will have a chain impact. For the calendar year 2015, we expect the central bank to go in for 100 basis points cut," Arora added.
Arora feels that with international oil prices plunging, inflation will continue its downward trajectory. "The oil price fall is not temporary. We don't see oil crossing $100 mark anytime in the near future," Arora said when asked if crude prices will continue to be benign.
3) India Made: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's focus on 'Make in India' is likely to be a vital aspect in India's growth potential in the coming years. "The manufacturing sector's share of overall GDP has stagnated over the past few years around the 15% level. Manufacturing will likely play a bigger role in driving incremental growth for India, in our view," said Macquaire in its report.
"Opening up FDI in sectors such as Defence has given credence to the government's 'Make in India' pitch. Growth in the manufacturing sector would also help increase India's share of world exports (currently less than 2% as of 2013)," the report adds.
Rakesh Arora feels that currently a lot of progress has been made in making 'Make in India' a reality in the Defence and Railways sectors . "However, these things, the projects will take some time to pick up. Some progress has already been made, though," Arora told Economictimes.com.
4) Indirect Tax Reforms: Industry is widely looking forward to the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) and Macquaire also sees it as a crucial factor in upping India's growth rate. "According to NCAER, a comprehensive GST implementation could increase India's GDP within a range of 0.9% to 1.7% in the short-medium term following rollout. At the same time, the implementation of GST would address the barriers on the movement of goods between states, which in turn would improve the efficiency of transport logistics," Macquaire's report said.
Arora is of the opinion that with GST rollout, costs related to logistics would come down significantly. He hopes that the GST Bill will be tabled in the Parliament this season and should be implemented by FY17. "Over three to four years, GST should help increase GDP growth by about 1-2%," Arora said.
5) Internet: Macquaire sees e-commerce as an upcoming trend. "With rising income levels amongst middle-class Indians, an increasing internet penetration rate, the current low levels of online e-commerce activity and the development of the ancillary logistics and payments industries to drive online purchasing activity, we believe there is huge potential for spending growth via this channel," Macquaire's report said.
"The number of Indians on the internet and using e-commerce is still pretty low at the moment, which presents a unique opportunity where rising internet usage leads to higher spending on the e-commerce platform," the report added.
"In India, the internet penetration is very high. I don't see any bottlenecks to availability of internet on a pan-India scale," Arora said.

Statistics: A look into the largest economies of the pastThe -1CE (Common Era), 1000CE, 1500CE were dominated by the Asian giants.For more than 1,700 years, India & China were the world's largest economies.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Which will be the world's largest economies in the future? Various studies suggest that it would be either China or India. But what about the largest economies in the past--1CE (Common Era), 1000CE, 1500CE and so on?
Interestingly, even these periods were dominated by the Asian giants.For more than 1,700 years, India and China were the world's largest economies. Their dominance ended after the industrial revolution and the subsequent imperialist expansion of European nations which drained the world's wealth to the West.
That's what data on historical GDP calculated by the late Angus Maddison , British economist and scholar on quantitative macroeconomic history, shows

Reliance Industries signs deal with Mexico s state-owned company PEMEX  will jointly explore oil and gas opportunities in MexicoHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Mercedes-Benz to Launch Pre-owned Car BrandSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Chandigarh: German luxury car maker Mercedes-Benz today said it will announce the launch of a separate brand for pre-owned cars this month.
Noting that customers here are now "increasingly" demanding quality products in pre-owned car segment, the car maker described it as "next growth story" in luxury car business.
"...the growth rate in pre-owned car (in India) is phenomenal. We (Mercedes-Benz) have seen 45 per cent growth in pre-owned car business this year," Mercedes-Benz India, MD & CEO Eberhard Kern said here today.
Stating that pre-owned car segment was getting organised in India, he said the company would announce launch of pre-owned car brand in two weeks' time.
"In two weeks' time, Mercedes-Benz India is going to launch a new pre-owned car brand....we will take the next big step in pre-owned car business," he said.
Comparing the pre-owned car segment with global markets, he said that the "trading ratio" of pre-owned segment in India stands between 10 to 20 per cent which is "quite a low figure".
"10-20 per cent of trading ratio in India is a low figure if you compare globally. For example in Europe, it is one to one," he said adding that now it was "growing very fast" in India.
"It (Pre-owned car segment) is the next growth story in India's luxury car segment," he observed adding, "Customers here are now demanding quality products in pre-owned (segment)."
Mr Kern said the company would be doing pre-owned car business with existing dealers and that it will offer very effective trading price to customers.
The luxury car maker said the company would be looking at both metro and non-metro cities for the sale of premium segment cars with a focus on increasing product portfolios and bringing latest technology to India.
"Besides metros, our focus will also be on tier II and tier-III cities as these are also getting more important," he said.
Mercedes-Benz is getting 55 per cent of total volume from non-metro cities while rest from metros including Mumbai, and Delhi.
The company's three-fourth business come from leasing and financing while one-fourth comes from cash, he said.
Stating that the company "believes in future of Indian market", he said the company would clock more than 10,000 units this year, which will be the first time ever.
During first nine months, Mercedes-Benz sold 7,529 units, 16 per cent up from sale of corresponding period while in Punjab it registered 23 per cent growth in volume.
E-Class is the best-selling model for Mercedes Benz in India, said Mr Kern adding that M-class (SUV) has also posted 100 per cent growth.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 16:00 (IST)

Nomura sees FY15 GDP growth at 5.5 per centNomura upbeat on India, sees FY15 GDP growth at 5.5 per cent
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.22PM IST
India is heading towards growth with macroeconomic stability and its economy is likely to expand at 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal, Japanese brokerage firm Nomura said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: India is heading towards growth with macroeconomic stability and its economy is likely to expand at 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal, Japanese brokerage firm Nomura said today.
"We are positive about India's growth. Our medium term view is that macro policies - both the policies that RBI is likely to follow and reforms that the Government is likely to announce - will lead to lesser volatility going forward and more macro stability," Nomura Economist (India) Sonal Varma told reporters here.
She expects Asia's third largest economy to grow at 5.5 per cent in FY15 and at around 6.5 per cent in FY16.
Varma said although there were concerns about growth not really picking up, as indicated by volatile factory output numbers and weak credit expansion, some of the indicators suggest India was already in the initial stage of business cycle recovery.
She said the government's focus on clearing investment projects has reduced policy uncertainty and expects the investment cycle to pick up soon.
"We are calling 2015 a Goldilocks year (high growth & low inflation) for India because while we are still in the positive direction on growth, we think inflation will continue to moderate. So, this is not another business cycle where inflation will pick up."
The global financial services major expects the price rate to ease and hover around 5-5.5 per cent next year. "The ease in inflation will be largely on account of domestic factors, particular fall in rural wages," Varma said.
She said low inflation will provide RBI some room to cut policy rates. "Our base line expectation is the RBI will cut rates by 50 basis points in the first half of 2015. We are pencling in April and June as the likely timing."
She said the country was comfortable on current account deficit (CAD) front and expects $27 billion in FDI inflows in FY15.
CAD is likely to be at sustainable levels of around 2 per cent of GDP this fiscal. The rupee is likely to be at 61.3 per dollar by end-2014 and 62 level by end-2015, she said.
According to Nomura, the Reserve Bank has likely reduced its foreign exchange intervention stance.
"Authorities are backing off from there (forex) intervention stance because we think they have accumulated the reserves they wanted to accumulate," Nomura MD and Head of FX Strategy (Asia ex-Japan) Craig Chan said.

AAI puts financially-embattled SpiceJet on cash-and-carrySave precious time tracking your investments
PUNE: The Airports Authority of India (AAI) has decided to withdraw credit facility relating to airport user fees to the financially-embattled low-cost carrier SpiceJet at all airports in the country from Thursday midnight. The move has been spurred by the mounting dues that the airline has to pay the AAI.
Speaking to TOI on Thursday, a senior official at the AAI headquarters in New Delhi confirmed that a circular has been issued by the office of the executive director (finance) to all airport authorities asking them to let the airline operate only on cash-and-carry basis. "The airline too has been notified about the decision. SpiceJet will have to pay cash upfront for use of airports," the official said.
When contacted, a SpiceJet spokesperson said, "As a policy matter, the airline would not like to make any comment on the issue as of now. We are also not supposed to discuss matters relating to financial dues."
Sources in AAI, Delhi, pointed out that the dues payable by the airline to the Pune airport alone have mounted to nearly Rs 4 crore. The airline is currently operating one international and 10 domestic flights out of Pune to Bengaluru, Chennai, Delhi, Ahmedabad, Kochi, Goa and Hyderabad, besides Sharjah. Of these, two flights each operate to Bengaluru, Chennai and Delhi while the Sharjah flight operates four days a week.
According to the AAI official, all airlines are required to pay airport user fees under various heads such as terminal navigational landing charges (TNLC), route navigational facilitation charges (RNFC), parking and housing fees and passenger fees, among others. "The dues are normally cleared by the airlines at regular intervals but, in the instant case, the airline has piled up a sizeable outstanding," the official said.
SpiceJet has run into rough weather in the last few months. On Monday, the directorate general of civil aviation (DGCA) asked the airline for details such as the number of Boeing 737s it operates, the number of pilots on rolls and how many have quit, its financial position and the actual number of flights it operates. The DGCA's move came after rising instances of flight cancellations by the airline last month, inconveniencing fliers.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Low-cost carrier SpiceJet cuts fleet size; to stay smallerSave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: SpiceJet Ltd cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of next year, its chief operating officer said, as the loss-making budget carrier looks to cut costs.
SpiceJet says it needs fresh capital to end five consecutive quarters of losses. Prior to the September cut, it had been operating 35 planes.
"The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," Sanjiv Kapoor told Reuters in a telephone interview on Friday.
The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of last year, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, he said.
Kapoor also said that the Airports Authority of India had reinstated its credit facility after the airline resolved all outstanding issues with the regulatory body.
The airports regulator told SpiceJet this week that it must pay in cash for services like landing, parking and luggage handling every time it flies a plane, which typically happens when an airline owes it money beyond a certain threshold.
SpiceJet stock had tumbled 12.7 percent by 0855 GMT in a flat market, and it has lost a quarter of its value this week.
India's second-biggest budget carrier said last week it was in early talks with potential investors about an injection of capital. The airline said in May it was in advanced talks with investors for funding but no deal materialised.
Kapoor declined to comment on the state of the talks.
SpiceJet is losing money in a market where competition with rivals GoAir and IndiGo has kept fares low and operating costs remain comparatively high, and the majority of India's larger carriers are loss-making.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

DGCA acts tough against SpiceJet  cancels 186 slotsDec 06, 2014, 01.44 PM IST  | Source: PTI
DGCA acts tough against SpiceJet, cancels 186 slots
The regulator would now on also carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
DGCA acts tough against SpiceJet, cancels 186 slots
The regulator would now on also carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles
Post your opinion here
 
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet  and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA today withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees in the next 10 days.
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by December 15 to clear its over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies, official sources said.
The DGCA also directed the airline not to take bookings of flights over one month and refund the booking amount to the customers of cancelled flights in 30 days, they said. As many as 93 arrival and 93 departure slots were withdrawn by DGCA as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September, sources said.
The regulator would now on also carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles, they said. The measures came a day after Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said troubled SpiceJet was seeming to "give us heart attacks".
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said. Asking the airline to clear salary dues of all its staffers by December 15, the regulator directed it to disburse the salaries now on by the 7th of every month. 
SpiceJet in a late night statement on Friday said it intends to operate a fleet of 22 Boeing 737s and 15 Q400s, down from 37 B737s that it operated earlier this year (Q400 fleet remains unchanged) and that returning of unused slots to airport operator was a routine process.
"As a natural consequence of the fleet reduction of 15 Boeings, unused slots are given back to airports. This is routine process and a natural outcome of our revised fleet plan, and there is nothing unusual about the slots being cancelled," the carrier said.
SpiceJet stock price
On December 10, 2014, SpiceJet closed at Rs 13.90, up Rs 0.35, or 2.58 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 22.20 and the 52-week low was Rs 11.10.
The latest book value of the company is Rs -16.49 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was -0.84.
RELATED NEWS

India Cements  to float new subsidiary for CSKIndia Cements' to float new subsidiary for CSK
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Dec 06, 2014 11:27 PM IST
Chennai Super Kings (CSK), the Indian Premier League (IPL) franchisee of India Cements, will be floated as a new wholly-owned subsidiary, effective January 1 next year. The new company will be named Chennai Super Kings Cricket Ltd.
On September 26, the company’s directors met and approved a proposal in this regard. The company stated the de-merger would provide the team leverage to grow.
The development comes at a time when the Supreme Court has said CSK should be disqualified without any further probe by the Mudgal committee, set up to probe allegations of fixing and betting during the 2013 edition of the IPL. “Who is controlling Chennai Super Kings?” the apex court had asked, directing India Cements chief
N Srinivasan to declare before it all shareholding patterns of the company, as well as its sports franchisee.
However, the company said CSK shouldn’t be disenfranchised from the IPL because of violation of clause 11.3 of the IPL franchise rules, as that provision only dealt with acts of the franchisee or a group company or the owner, who controlled the franchisee. It also said allegations pertaining to a particular match had been proven false, as there were no findings in this regard.
India Cements had bagged the CSK franchise for about $91 million, payable through 10 years to the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) in equal instalments from 2008, when it had won the bid for the franchise.
For 2013-14, CSK clocked revenue of Rs 166 crore. Its revenue comes by way of a share from BCCI-IPL, from the sale of media rights and sponsorship income. Besides, it also garners revenue through stadium gate collections, team sponsors, uniform sponsors, etc. CSK’s sponsors include Aircel, Gulf Oil and UST Global.

Assessing The Fallout From the Fall in Oil PricesYou are here: Home Commodities
Assessing The Fallout From the Fall in Oil Prices
Reuters | Updated On: December 06, 2014 18:48 (IST)
India to Weigh Gold Policy Impact After Spurt in November Imports
New York: With crude oil prices hitting five-year lows, investors are scrambling to gauge the impact of the sharp drop in petroleum costs on companies beyond the energy sector.
Determining the effects of the decline in commodities prices for ancillary industries is difficult. So it will be instructive to see what kind of comments come out of a number of analyst meetings being held in the next few weeks from major industrial companies, some of which have substantial businesses that supply the energy industry.
On Monday, Dover Corp, which develops pumps and sensors used in oil and gas extraction, will hold an analyst day. Its shares have fallen 9 per cent in the last eight trading sessions.
"In the next couple of quarters, should drilling and the build-out of infrastructure slow down, these are the guys that are going to get hit," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh.
Goldman Sachs pointed out in a note this week that some big manufacturers have significant exposure to the oil and gas industry. Dover's annual report notes that its energy business comprises about a quarter of its annual sales, and its annual report last year said it expected to continue expanding.
"It could be early for a number of these companies to announce or speculate on how the decline in oil prices has impacted or will impact their results, either positively or negatively," said Tim Ghriskey, chief investment officer of Solaris Group in Bedford Hills, New York.
Energy earnings expectations have continued to crater. On Monday, the fourth-quarter estimate was for a year-over-year decline of 11.2 per cent for S&P energy stocks. By Friday, that had dropped to 14.7 per cent decline, according to Thomson Reuters data. Whether the drop in energy prices will have an effect on other sectors is yet unclear.
Sector behemoths Honeywell and General Electric have a 15 per cent exposure to oil and gas each while United Technologies, also with an upcoming analyst day next week, is "less tied to oil trends," according to Goldman Sachs.
Honeywell and GE will have analyst days the week after next. Volatility in GE's shares has been lower than usual of late, which means anything unusual out of the company could affect the stock.
The same goes for Honeywell, whose shares Goldman notes have moved, on average, 3.4 per cent after its last seven fiscal outlook calls, compared with an average 1.9 per cent move after its last eight earnings releases.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Not Asked by Regulator to Refund Bookings  Says SpiceJetSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Budget carrier SpiceJet on Saturday refuted reports that it has been asked by the regulator DGCA to refund bookings made beyond 30 days.
"This is absolutely incorrect and is causing a lot of confusion amongst travel agents and passengers. There has been no such notification. There is no such requirement," the airline was quoted as saying in a statement.
The aviation regulator is said to have cracked the whip on the airline after it said that as part of its cost-cutting initiative it would only operate 22-24 aircraft, down from 35 planes which were in service till two months ago.
Reports have surfaced which suggest that the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has sought financial and operational information from the airline. The DGCA is said to have asked the airline to furnish data regarding bookings and its plans to operate a truncated fleet.
It has taken into account the number of allocated flying slots given to the airline and directed it to make immediate refunds on cancelled flights.
However, DGCA officials did not comment on the type of measures it has taken against the airline or the information it has sought from the budget passenger carrier.
"We are looking into the matter and are in touch with its management. Data regarding fleet reduction and cancellation of flights are being investigated," a senior DGCA official said.
Meanwhile, the airline said that it has adequate pilots to manage its fleet and that with the current aircraft in operation, the average flying hours per pilot have been reduced.
The development comes amidst a slew of reports that the airline is facing a financial meltdown and will not be able to continue operations due to an exodus of pilots and mounting debt.
The airline recently reported a Rs.310 crore loss for the quarter ended September, down from the Rs.560 crore loss in the corresponding period of last fiscal.
The airline had also reduced its fleet size and is now operating only 26 aircraft from a fleet size of 35 earlier this year.
Even the company's auditors SR Batliboi & Associates have doubted the airline's ability to stay afloat.
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said Thursday that the current business environment is tough for doing aviation business in India and that the current regulations are not helping the sector.
"We have to focus on removing bottlenecks for the sector and make it sustainable again," Mr Raju said, adding that the latest news about the losses made by budget carrier SpiceJet was like getting a 'heart attack'.
Story first published on: December 06, 2014 18:49 (IST)

Powerful typhoon Hagupit slams into eastern PhilippinesBy: Associated Press | Legazpi (philippines) |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:50 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 2:05 pm
Typhoon Hagupit slammed into the central Philippines’ east coast late Saturday, knocking out power and toppling trees in a region where 650,000 people have fled to safety, still haunted by the massive death and destruction wrought by a monster storm last year.
Packing maximum sustained winds of 175 kilometers (109 miles) per hour and gusts of 210 kph (130 mph), Hagupit made landfall in Dolores, a coastal town facing the Pacific in Eastern Samar province, according to the Philippines’ weather agency. There were no immediate reports of casualties.
Although it was unlikely to reach the unprecedented strength of Typhoon Haiyan, Hagupit’s strong winds and heavy rain were enough to possibly cause major damage to an impoverished region still reeling from the devastating November 2013 storm, which left more than 7,300 people dead or missing.
“There are many trees that have toppled, some of them on the highway,” police Senior Inspector Alex Robin said by phone late Saturday from Dolores, hours before Hagupit made landfall. “We are totally in the dark here. The only light comes from flashlights.”
From Eastern Samar, Hagupit _ Filipino for “smash” or “lash” _ was expected to hammer parts of a string of island provinces that was devastated by Haiyan’s tsunami-like storm surges and ferocious winds. Hagupit weakened slightly on Saturday, but remained dangerously powerful and erratic.
Robin said about 600 families had hunkered down in Dolores’ three-story municipal hall, one of many emergency shelters in the town.
“Everyone here is just looking for a place to sleep,” he said. “All the windows are closed, but it is still cool because of the wind and the rain.”
Eastern Samar province Rep. Ben Evardone said electricity also was knocked out early Saturday in Borongan city, about 70 kilometers (43 miles) south of Dolores, where the government has set up a command center for rescue and relief operations headed by Interior Secretary Mar Roxas.
Evardone said the strong winds also felled trees and ripped off roofing sheets. “You can hear the whistling of the wind,” he said.
“Everybody is in fear because of what happened during (Haiyan),” Evardone said. “We can already feel the wrath of the typhoon. Everybody is praying.”
Big waves have pushed seawater over concrete walls along a boulevard, flooding it, Evardone said.
Army troops deployed to supermarkets and major roads in provinces in the typhoon’s path to prevent looting and chaos and clear debris, all of which slowed the government’s response last year, said Gen. Gregorio Pio Catapang, head of the Philippines’ 120,000-strong military.
“We’re on red alert, so the entire armed forces is being mobilized for this typhoon,” Catapang said at a news conference.
While unlikely to reach Haiyan’s strength, forecasters said Hagupit’s maximum sustained winds and gusts were strong enough to set off deadly storm surges and landslides and cause heavy damage to communities and agriculture.
With a whirling band of rain clouds spanning 600 kilometers (373 miles), Hagupit has gained speed and was moving westward at 16 kph (10 mph), according to forecasters.
In the central city of Tacloban, where Haiyan’s storm surges killed thousands of people and leveled villages, news of the approaching typhoon rekindled painful memories. Many residents fled to storm shelters, a sports stadium and churches even before authorities urged them to evacuate.
“I’m scared,” said Haiyan survivor Jojo Moro. “I’m praying to God not to let another disaster strike us again. We haven’t recovered from the first.”
The 42-year-old businessman, who lost his wife, daughter and mother last year in Tacloban, said he stocked up on sardines, instant noodles, eggs and water.
Around 650,000 people have been moved to safety, including in Tacloban. A U.N. humanitarian agency spokesman, Denis McClean, said in Geneva that it was one of the largest peacetime evacuations in Philippine history. It also was reminiscent of the evacuation of 1 million people along India’s coastline before Cyclone Phailin hit in October 2013.
Nearly 100 domestic flights have been canceled and inter-island ferry services suspended, stranding thousands of people.
“We’ve not heard of villagers resisting to be evacuated,” regional disaster-response director Blanche Gobenciong said. “Their trauma is still so fresh.”
In Tacloban, residents stacked sandbags to block floodwaters. One McDonald’s restaurant was closed and boarded up to prevent a repetition of Haiyan’s deluge, which shattered glass panes and doors of business establishments, allowing looting to take place.
Disaster preparations widened after two agencies tracking the typhoon closely _ the U.S. military’s Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii and the Philippine weather agency _ predicted different directions for Hagupit.
The U.S. agency said Hagupit (pronounced HA’-goo-pit) may veer northwest after coming inland and sweep past the southern edge of the capital, Manila, a city of more than 12 million people. The Philippine agency, known by its acronym PAGASA, projected a more southern path.
Gobenciong said the unpredictable path made it harder to ascertain which areas would be hit, but added that everybody “should prepare for the worst.”
“We have a zero-casualty target,” she said. “Just one loss of life will really sadden us all and make us wonder what went wrong.”

Mamata Banerjee does U-turn  says will support Narendra Modi govtNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Trinamool Congress was ready to provide “full support” to the Narendra Modi government at the Centre if there was “constructive work” for the benefit of all sections of people, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said today.
“I still feel that if you run the government in a good way, if your work is constructive and genuine and for the welfare of all sections of the people, you will get our full support”, The Trinamool Congress chief said.
In an apparent dig at Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) she said “dividing the people on basis of religion will not be allowed.”
“We must abhor the politics of division. It is against our culture. There is difference between governance and politics. The two must not be mixed”, she said at a communal harmony rally organised by TMC where religious leaders of different religions also participated.
“Do not spare me even if I commit a wrong. But only spreading lies, canards and vilification campaign and attempts to create riots is not religion”, she said.
“One thing should be clear, we will not accept politics of division, destroying the temple and setting fire to mosque. What was the need to create trouble in a church in Delhi”? she asked while addressing a Trinamool Congress rally to mark the anniversary of Babri Mosque near the Gandhi statue here.
Banerjee accused the BJP-led government at the Centre of selling out the country.
“They are selling the country. We have a social responsibility.
What has the new government done? FDI in Railways. FDI in defence. Deregulating the diesel prices. They have hiked excise duty on fuel”, Banerjee said.
“We are fulfilling the commitment we made to the people. We are fulfilling the promises we made in our Manifesto”, Banerjee said referring to her party upping the ante against the Centre over several issues concerning the masses.
“I will only work for the people. Those who have a sense of responsibility cannot commit any wrong. Nothing can be taken for granted”, she said.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Mamata Banerjee Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous

Rahul Gandhi attacks Modi over J&K terror strikesNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
A day after the multiple terror strikes in Jammu and Kashmir, Rahul Gandhi today targeted Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying terror activites had started in the state soon after Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) came to power at the Centre.
“We had our government for 10 years. Tourists used to come to J-K. There was peace. As soon as his (Modi’s) government came to power (at the Centre), terrorist activities started,” he said at an election rally in Ramgarh.
“Whereever he (Modi) goes during the elections, whether it is Maharashtra, Delhi or UP, before the polls, there will surely be incidents of violence. He will ensure that one religion is pitted against another religion and then the election follows,” he said.
Earlier in Delhi, the Congress Vice President came out with a statement condoling the death of 11 security personnel and two civilians in the terror attacks, saying these “destabilising attempts need to be crushed with resolve”.
“I salute the martyrs of the armed and police forces and convey my deepest condolences to the families of the civilians killed in the deplorable and deliberate terror attacks in Jammu and Kashmir,” he said.
He further said that these destabilising attempts, being escalated from across the border in Pakistan, need to be crushed with resolve.
“And the Congress Party stands firm with the people of the state and government agencies in their efforts to counter terror and terrorists,” Gandhi said.
Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s poll rally on Monday in Srinagar, the Valley was yesterday rocked by terror attacks by militants from across the border who stormed an Army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel dead and killed two civilians in Tral.
The attacks and gun battles with security forces which in all left 21 people dead also included a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven militants. Srinagar and Shopian were the other two places where the militants struck.
At Ramgarh, Gandhi asked what happened to Modi’s claims in the run up to the Lok Sabha polls that he will show China and Pakistan (India’s strength) when he becomes PM.
Accusing Modi of making “false promises” of bringing back black money within 100 days of coming to power, he said the country is asking when the poor will get Rs.15 lakh as declared by the BJP leader.
Dubbing BJP as a “one man party”, Gandhi said “each and every decision” is taken by Modi.
The Prime Minister wants to bring agriculture technology from Australia “but the fact is that the Indian farmer needs no foreign technology as they know everything about cultivation and only need support from the government”.
The Congress vice president promised 24-hour power supply to farmers in the state and that all villages would be connected with roads.
The third phase of Assembly polls in Jharkhand will be held on December 9 for 17 seats. In the first two phases, polls have been held for 33 seats in the 81-member Assembly. The last two phases will be held on December 14 and 20. Counting of votes will be on December 23.
The state has been under coalition governments for the past 14 years. It has seen nine governments and three spells of President’s rule during this period.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Narendra Modi Rahul Gandhi
More from miscellaneous

Contributions  INDCs on agenda before Paris meetThe two-week annual climate conference being held at Lima has reached its half-way stage. Amitabh Sinha takes you through the discussions that have taken place in the last one week.
What has been achieved in the first week?
The climate talks have never delivered any result in the first week and there have been no decisions here as well. Parallel sessions are being held on a wide variety of issues including the basic elements of the climate agreement that is expected to come into being in next year’s meeting at Paris. A large number of technical and administrative sessions are also held.
So what has been the progress made?
The most important discussions have been focussed around INDCs, or Intended Nationally-Determined Contributions, which is the main building block for the future climate treaty. Each country has to report by next year what it intends to do to contribute to the fight against climate change. Various options on the kind of actions that can be included as ‘contributions’ have been discussed. There are differing views on this and countries are far away from convergence. The discussions on these will become more intense in the second week. The main points of contention on INDCs are the following
Inclusion of Adaptation, finance and transfer of technology: European Union, Japan and some other countries are of the view that only actions that help in reducing greenhouse gas emissions should be counted as ‘contributions’ in INDCs. Almost every developing country, including India, however, wants adaptation measures also to be counted. These countries also want efforts on providing money or transferring technology to poorer nations to be included in INDCs. This will help in holding the rich countries accountable to their promises on ensuring financial and technology flows. The tug-of-war has just begun and this battle is likely to continue till the very end. There is a fair chance that the developing countries might win this battle.
Commitment Period: The other disagreement is about the time period for which ‘contributions’ are committed. On this, India is on board with the European Union in asking for longer commitment periods, at least ten years, starting from 2020. China is also in favour of a 10-year commitment period. The idea is that longer commitment period would ensure better predictability of actions, better actions, and more stability to investments being made. The United States, however, wants five-year commitment periods so that countries can make quicker review of their actions and enhance their ambition or change their plans if required.
Ex-post Review: Since the INDCs are ‘nationally-determined’ and voluntary, the level of ambition in making ‘contributions’ is likely to be low. There is a distinct possibility that the total ‘contributions’ of all the countries might not be adequate to keep the global temperatures rise below 2 degree Celsius from 1850 baseline which is what science says is must to avoid catastrophic effects of climate change. Countries do not agree on what must happen in such a scenario. Some countries want an assessment of each country’s INDC to see whether these are in line with the global 2 degree target. India and the United States strongly resent any such provision, saying such an exercise will negate the ‘nationally-determined’ nature of the ‘contributions’.
So how are these differences being sorted out?
Small contact groups have been made where negotiators are trying to reach a middle ground. Meanwhile, a draft text on INDCs has been prepared which is being discussed by all the countries at a larger forum for agreement on other, non-contentious, issues.
What is expected in the second week?
Negotiations are known to get speeded up in the second week of the climate conference. An agreement on the definition and structure of the INDCs is the least that the countries want to go back with. Next week will also have the high-level segment in which ministers and political leaders participate. India’s Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar will attend the ministerial sessions.
By Amitabh Sinha
TAGS: UN Climate Change Conference UN Climate Convention Summit
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Maharashtra: Devendra Fadnavis to give tea party a miss; NCP  Congress call it  insult5
0
Mumbai: Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Saturday invited ire of opposition Congress and NCP for being unable to attend the customary tea party on the eve of Legislature session on Sunday, with both the parties accusing him of "insulting" them by deciding to skip the function.
Typically, the chief minister hosts the tea party for opposition leaders on the eve of the Legislature session and Fadnavis was also supposed to carry forward the custom tomorrow ahead of the winter session beginning in Nagpur on Monday.
However, Fadnavis will be skipping the event as he is proceeding to New Delhi to attend a conference of Chief Ministers called by the Centre and will not be available throughout the day. He has conveyed his unavailability to Opposition leaders and expressed regrets for his absence, official sources said today.
Fadnavis will be skipping the event as he is proceeding to New Delhi to attend a conference of Chief Ministers called by the Centre.
#devendra fadnavis #congress #bjp #ncp
This decision of Fadnavis--the first chief minister of the BJP-led government in the state--has not gone down well with opposition NCP and Congress.
"Agreed that it is the PM's prerogative to hold a meeting. However, if that meeting was in the evening, Fadnavis could have held the tea party in morning and then left for Delhi," senior NCP leader and former Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar said.
"The CM has the services of the state aircraft at his disposal. There is an airport at Nagpur. He could have managed to attend the meeting and then left for Delhi," he said.
Pawar said, "We were in power for so many years. We never insulted the opposition in such a manner." Congress deputy leader in Assembly Vijay Wadettiwar also expressed shock over the chief minister not being able to attend his own tea party. "This is not the way to treat opposition," he said.
"We might as well not attend the event if this is the situation," he added.
5

Typhoon howls through Philippines  more than 1 million fleeTyphoon howls through Philippines  more than 1 million flee
India surprised this year; may do so again in 2015: CitigroupIndia surprised this year; may do so again in 2015: Citigroup
Ashrams run by godmen like Rampal are centres of terror: BJPSant Rampal was been locked up at Sector 5 police station, Chandigarh. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
TOPICS
Haryana
BJP has sought a ban on ashrams run by ‘godmen’ like Rampal, saying they have become centres of “terror” in the name of faith.
An editorial in the latest issue of party mouthpiece Kamal Sandesh said “These ashrams which have become centres of terror in the name of faith should be deeply investigated.”
“People like Rampal are not born in a day. They spread their network of superstition gradually in the society...
There should be a ban on these types of ashrams at the very beginning itself,” it said.
Questioning as to who should be called a saint or a baba, the journal, edited by BJP vice-president and Rajya Sabha MP Prabhat Jha, said the kind of exploitation done in the name of superstitions only shows that “we are still living in dark ages.”
Though it did not name any ‘godman’ except Rampal, who was arrested last month after over a two week-long standoff between his supporters and police, but its strong criticism of such ashrams assumes significance because of their wide presence in several states and alleged proximity of some of these ‘godmen’ with the saffron party.
One ashram, Dera Sacha Sauda which is based in Sirsa and commands large following, had announced its support to BJP for the state assembly elections. The dera’s head is facing several criminal cases.
Police had arrested Rampal after he refused to comply with court’s summons, prompting Punjab and Haryana High Court to issue non-bailable warrants against him.
Praising the action of BJP government in Haryana, the editorial said it had sent a message that no one is above law.

Come with proof  not for fishing expedition: Swiss Ambassador on black moneycaseBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:43 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 12:54 pm
As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any ‘fishing expedition’ and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.
Switzerland’s Ambassador to India Linus von Castelmur also said the past cannot be undone, while promising full support of his country in cases where at least some proof is provided on tax frauds.
He, however, agreed that all the money deposited in Swiss banks might not have always been ‘taxed money’ in the past, as Switzerland was a major destination for several decades when money would flow in from different sources.
The Ambassador said cooperation by Swiss authorities cannot take place on the basis of stolen lists of account holders and would need independent probes by Indian agencies and at least a prima facie proof of tax  rauds.
“We understand and appreciate India’s concerns on the matter. We need clear understanding on the issue,” Castelmur said.
“I think one part of the issue is dealing with the past and Switzerland was destination for several decades where money flowed in from difference sources and that was no always a tax money,” he said.
“When we look from present and future, we see that problem will be solved,” said Castelmur, who was here for an award function where industrialist Azim Premji was given a Swiss honour for inspirational and socially responsible leadership.
The issue of black money suspected to be stashed abroad, including in Swiss banks, has been a matter of intense debate in India for years.
The matter has been in focus recently with the Opposition parties accusing the government of going back on its promise to bring back black money from overseas within 100 days of its coming to power.
A Supreme Court monitored Special Investigation Team is looking into ways to tackle the black money menace, while the government recently said it has reached a major breakthrough in the form of a new agreement with the Swiss authorities for cooperation on sharing of details about alleged black money holders in Swiss banks.

North Korea says pro-Pyongyang supporters behind Sony cyberattackBy: Press Trust of India | Seoul |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:39 pm
A crippling cyber attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment may have been the work of pro-North Korean supporters, and allegations that the isolated country was to blame are “wild rumour”, state media said on Sunday.
An article in the state KCNA news agency said North Korea had “called on the world” to defend it from a forthcoming Sony Pictures Entertainment comedy, ‘The Interview,’ which features a plot to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. North Korea has described the film as an “act of war”.
“The hacking into Sony Pictures might be a righteous deed of the supporters and sympathisers with the DPRK in response to its appeal,” the article said, using the official DPRK acronym for North Korea.
The article denounced South Korea for “floating the false rumour that the North was involved in the hacking”, and warned the United States that “there are a great number of supporters and sympathizers with the DPRK all over the world”. It said ‘Guardians of Peace’, a previously unknown hacking gang which has taken responsibility for the attack, was one such group. A North Korean diplomat has denied Pyongyang was behind the attack that was launched last month but a U.S. national security source said it was a suspect.
Pyongyang has active cyber-warfare capabilities, military and software security experts have said. Much of it is targeted at the South, technically still in a state of war with North Korea. The attack exposed a trove of internal data, including salaries and Social Security numbers, and shut down the computer systems at the entertainment arm of Sony Corp.

Govt plans GANIT celebrations to enhance math skillsGovt plans GANIT celebrations to enhance math skills
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
The Government has decided to hold week-long ‘GANIT’ celebrations in schools, coinciding with Srinivasa Ramanujan’s birth anniversary later this month.
The celebrations, starting December 16, would seek to infuse a spirit of innovation and aptitude towards the subject. The government move comes against the backdrop of studies highlighting poor learning outcome in classes especially in mathematics.
The ‘Growing Aptitude for Numerical Innovation and Training (GANIT)’ celebrations would see lectures on mathematics by eminent scientists and mathematicians, experience sharing on innovation by teachers and students, essay and quiz competition among others, communications on which have already been sent to the schools.
Participating in a debate in the Lok Sabha last week, HRD Minister Smriti Irani had said the objective behind the idea was to infuse innovation in numeracy and mathematics and help increase scientific temper.
Several parliamentarians had expressed concern over the learning outcome in classes, citing various reports.
As per a circular issued by Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan, the week—long activities may also highlight the contributions of Bhaskaracharya II to mathematics and its modern day application.
Both Bhaskaracharya II and Ramanujan, whose birthday is celebrated on December 22, are considered great mathematical genius of their times.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

MOIL net profit up 7% at Rs 217 cr in H1 FY15Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
MOIL net profit up 7% at Rs 217 cr in H1 FY15
PTI
Tweet
Nagpur, Dec 7:  
Manganese Ore India Ltd (MOIL) has posted a 7 per cent rise in its profit-after-tax of Rs 217.19 crore in the first half of the current fiscal, a top company official said here.
The company’s PAT stood at Rs 202.58 in the corresponding period a year ago.
Gross margin during the six-month period under review has gone up by 7.86 per cent to Rs 346.07 crore against Rs 320.86 crore a year earlier.
Profit before tax also rose 7.55 per cent to Rs 327.08 crore from Rs 304.11 crore a year ago, MOIL Chairman & Managing Director G P Kundargi told PTI.
Kundargi said since the inception of MOIL, the company was operating only 10 mines in Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh.
Prospecting licences
On the back of steps taken in the last two years, the company has been able to obtain prospecting licences over 597 hectares in Nagpur and Bhandara districts of Maharashtra, he added.
The areas granted are adjacent to the company’s existing mines at 11 different locations. Upon execution of prospecting licences, the company has taken steps to conduct geophysical exploration and the work is in advance stage of completion, Kundargi said.
The Madhya Pradesh Government has in principle approved grant of mining leases over the said area to MOIL.
MOIL has been constantly carrying out R&D activities to explore the possibilities of improving and upgrading technologies on a continuous basis, he said.
EMD plant
Talking about their Electrolytic Manganese Dioxide (EMD) plant, Kundargi said it is the only plant in India which manufactures EMD with indigenous technology.
EMD is a high-value product used in the manufacture of dry cells. The capacity of the plant is 1,000 tonnes per annum and is being operated to its full capacity.
Wind power
The CMD said that MOIL is also the first PSU in the country to set up wind power generation facility near Dewas in Madhya Pradesh. The present capacity is 20 MW. The power generated is partially consumed for captive use and the balance is being sold to the utilities. MOIL’s wind farm is being run efficiently with good Plate Leaf Filter.
The present level of production is about 1.13 million tonnes per annum and with the efforts being put in towards implementation of various mining projects, the output is set to improve in the coming years, Kundargi said.
H1 production
Production during the first half of this fiscal has increased by 6.83 per cent over the corresponding period a year ago. During April-Sept 2014, the company achieved a production of 5.16 lakh tonnes against 4.83 lakh tonnes during the same period a year ago.
As per the National Steel Policy, India’s steel production is set to improve in the coming years and there will be good demand for manganese ore, which is an essential input for steel-making in the form of ferro alloys, Kundargi added.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

China poised to cut growth target  ramp up stimulusChina poised to cut growth target, ramp up stimulus
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Dec 7:  
China is poised to cut its growth target for the first time in three years and ramp up stimulus as the economy comes under increasing downward pressure, analysts say ahead of a key policymakers’ conference expected this week.
President Xi Jinping and other top leaders are trying to put China’s increasingly affluent consumers at the centre of the world’s second-largest economy, rather than investment and exports, and are ready to tolerate slower expansion in GDP to achieve more sustainable growth.
But how much lower is the question, with China’s economy assailed on multiple fronts, including a deflating property bubble, high debt levels, and the threat of deflation hovering in the background.
Central economic work conference
Economists will be looking for clues in next year’s gross domestic product (GDP) growth target, which is likely to be decided at the annual Central Economic Work Conference.
The gathering — which is not announced in advance — is expected this week, although its conclusions will probably not be formally unveiled until March.
Separately, main monthly economic statistics are due this week, with analysts expecting weakening industrial production growth and chronically low inflation.
The closely watched economic conference brings together key officials to decide policy for the coming year, with topics expected to include monetary policy, the consumer price index (CPI) target, and further economic reforms.
“We expect the government to lower its 2015 economic targets for GDP growth to 7.0 per cent from 7.5 per cent in 2014 and CPI inflation to 3.0 per cent from 3.5 per cent,” Nomura economists wrote.
“We believe the government will need to ease policy further — even to meet a lower GDP growth target — due mainly to strong headwinds from the property market correction, severe overcapacity in upstream industries and high local government debt.”
China had last lowered the target in 2012 to 7.5 per cent from 8.0 per cent and a drop to 7.0 per cent would be the lowest since 2004.
Slowing growth this year prompted the central bank to carry out a surprise interest rate cut last month, reducing the benchmark borrowing costs for the first time in more than two years.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

China slams Philippines over South China SeadisputePrint
In this June 27, 2014 photo, a worker holds a new officially approved map of China that includes the islands and maritime area that Beijing claims in the South China Sea, at a printing factory in Changsha in south China's Hunan province. (AP Photo)
By: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: December 7, 2014 1:00 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 1:06 pm
China on Sunday again rejected an attempt by the Philippines to challenge its vast territorial claims over the South China Sea through international arbitration, a week before a deadline for Beijing to respond to the case.
China prefers to settle its disputes in discussions with the countries directly involved. But the Philippines has filed a case with a tribunal operating under the U.N. Convention of the Law of the Sea, which provides a regulatory framework for the use of the world’s seas and oceans.
Xu Hong, director general of the Foreign Ministry’s Department of Treaty and Law, said the Philippines was “obstinately pushing forward arbitration procedures” and urged it to negotiate with Beijing instead. He told reporters that China was committed to rejecting and not participating in the arbitration proceedings.
The document released Sunday elaborates on China’s previous arguments that territorial sovereignty is beyond the scope of the tribunal. It said China’s rejection of arbitration is in line with international law and that China and the Philippines have previously agreed to settle territorial disputes through negotiations.
The Philippines filed the case in January 2013. The tribunal has invited China to respond by December 15. Xu said the publication of the paper was not linked to the deadline but had taken time to draw up.
China claims virtually the entire South China Sea, including waters and islands that the Philippines and four other Asian nations also say are theirs.

Three Chinese nationals arrested trying to cross Indo-Nepal borderillegallyBy: Press Trust of India | Sidharth Nagar |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:53 pm
Three Chinese nationals were caught while allegedly trying to cross the Indo-Nepal border illegally, police said here on Sunday.
Two Chinese women and a man identified as Loyo Vyaanji, Jo Jiyao and Liyo Jingfung were intercepted by the Sahshtra Seema Bal on Saturday while trying to cross the Kakrahwa Border illegally, Station House Officer of Mohana Police Station here Anand Gupta said.
He said as the Chinese nationals did not have any visa SSB Inspector S S Thakur and Deputy Commandant Lalit Kumar handed them over to the Mohana Police Station.
The SHO said FIR has been filed against them and they have been sent to jail Sunday.

J&K attack: Terrorists belonged to LeT  trained to carry special operations  says Lt Gen Subrata Saha38
0
Srinagar: Two days after the major terror strike in four towns of Jammu and Kashmir, Lieutenant General Subrata Saha said that the terrorists belonged to Lashkar-e-Toiba group and were highly trained to carry special operations. Kashmir Valley was rocked by four attacks by terrorists from across the border who stormed an Army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel dead and killed two civilians in Tral.
The attacks and gun battles with security forces which in all left 21 people dead also included a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven terrorists. Srinagar and Shopian were the other two places where the terrorists struck.
"The attacks were well co-ordinated and synchronized. Items and ammunition recovered from the terrorists were from Pakistan branding," said Saha.
#jammu and kashmir #terror attack #pakistan #narendra modi
"The sequence in which events have happened shows that it was not a routine infiltration," Saha added.
High security is in place in Srinagar as Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address a rally on Monday. Uri, Srinagar, Tral and Shopian goes to polls in the third and fourth phase over the next 10 days.
Uri town in North Kashmir woke up to a raging gun fight between terrorists and Army personnel on Friday morning as a group of six terrorists had targeted an artillery camp, located 20 km from the Line of Control (LoC) in a pre-dawn strike, official sources said.
The terrorists entered into the first barrack of the high-security artillery unit at 3:10 AM and fired several rounds which set off a fire. Four army personnel, who were injured in the gun fight, could not come out of the barrack and were charred to death, the sources said.
A message was relayed to the local police and nearby Punjab regiment which rushed its Quick Reaction Team to counter the intruding terrorists. However, the team was caught in a cross fire in which Lt Col Sankalp Kumar of Punjab Regiment and three other ranks were killed.
An Assistant Sub Inspector of J&K police and two constables were also gunned down by the terrorists, who might have infiltrated into the region from Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir(POK) around Monday or Tuesday.
Armed with AK rifles, grenades and two shot guns, the dense fog in the region also came to the help of six militants who went on a killing spree before being shot dead by the Army at the Mohra in Uri tehsil of north Kashmir's Baramulla district which goes to polls on December 9.
In Tral, terrorists hurled a grenade at a police party in which two civilians were killed.
(With inputs from PTI)

Xolo launches new Omega 5.0  Omega 5.5 smartphones at Rs 8 999 onwardsDec 07, 2014 at  12:12pm IST
Xolo launches new Omega 5.0, Omega 5.5 smartphones at Rs 8,999 onwards
44
1
New Delhi: Smartphone maker Xolo has launched two handsets under the Omega range, priced at Rs 8,999 onwards. The handsets - Omega 5.0 and Omega 5.5 - are powered by a 1.4GHz octa-core processor, 1GB RAM and Xolo's proprietary Hive platform.
The 5-inch Omega 5.0 sports an 8-megapixel rear camera with Sony Exmor R sensor and a 2-megapixel front camera. The rear camera has metallic rim around it to makes the camera stand out as another design element.
Xolo's Omega 5.0 comes with 1GB of RAM and 8GB of internal memory, expandable upto 32 GB. Packed with a 2,100 mAh battery, the Omega 5.0 is priced at Rs 8,999 and will be available starting December 10.
The new Omega handsets are powered by a 1.4GHz octa-core processor, 1GB RAM and Xolo's proprietary Hive platform.
#xolo #omega 5 #omega 55 #android
The Xolo Omega 5.5, priced at Rs 9,999, comes with a 5.5-inch display, 13-megapixel rear and 2-megapixel front cameras, 2,600 mAh battery and will be available from December 20.
Xolo has also partnered with Vodafone to bundle data plans and other benefits with Omega devices. Under this offer, Omega 5.0 users can enjoy 500 MB free data and Omega 5.5 users get access to 1 GB of free data per month for 2 months.
In addition, Omega users can enjoy unlimited music content available on Vodafone Music for 2 months. The offers will be valid for 3 months from the date of rollout.
Key specifications: Omega 5.0
- 1.4 GHz Octa Core Processor with Mali-450MP4 graphics engine
- Hive Inside, built on Android Kitkat v4.4
- 8.0 MP camera with Sony Exmor R sensor and 5P lens. 2MP front camera
- Yamaha amplifier + DTS support
- 8GB internal memory and 32GB Expandable
- 1GB RAM

Boeing plane makes first  green diesel  powe...Boeing aircraft makes first 'green diesel' powered flight
By PTI | 7 Dec, 2014, 01.20PM IST
The company powered its ecoDemonstrator 787 flight test airplane on December 2 with a blend of 15 per cent green diesel and 85 per cent petroleum jet fuel in the left engine.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: A Boeing aircraft has completed the world's first flight using 'green diesel', a sustainable biofuel made from vegetable oils, waste cooking oil and animal fats.
The company powered its ecoDemonstrator 787 flight test airplane on December 2 with a blend of 15 per cent green diesel and 85 per cent petroleum jet fuel in the left engine.
"Green diesel offers a tremendous opportunity to make sustainable aviation biofuel more available and more affordable for our customers," said Julie Felgar, managing director of Environmental Strategy and Integration, Boeing Commercial Airplanes.
"We will provide data from several ecoDemonstrator flights to support efforts to approve this fuel for commercial aviation and help meet our industry's environmental goals," Felgar said in a statement.
Sustainable green diesel is widely available and used in ground transportation. Boeing previously found that this fuel is chemically similar to HEFA (hydro-processed esters and fatty acids) aviation biofuel approved in 2011.
Green diesel is chemically distinct and a different fuel product than "biodiesel," which also is used in ground transportation.
With production capacity of 800 million gallons (3 billion litres) in the US, Europe and Asia, green diesel could rapidly supply as much as 1 per cent of global jet fuel demand.
"The airplane performed as designed with the green diesel blend, just as it does with conventional jet fuel," said Capt Mike Carriker, Chief Pilot for New Airplane Product Development, Boeing Test and Evaluation.
On a lifecycle basis, sustainably produced green diesel reduces carbon emissions by 50 to 90 per cent compared to fossil fuel, according to Finland-based Neste Oil, which supplied green diesel for the ecoDemonstrator 787.
The flight test was coordinated with the US Federal Aviation Administration, Rolls-Royce and Pratt & Whitney, and EPIC Aviation blended the fuel.

Unprecedented security for Modi s Srinagar rallyUnprecedented security for Modi s Srinagar rally
IPTL Results: Indian Aces Begin Home Leg with Win as UAE Royals Ease Past SingapIPTL Results: Indian Aces Begin Home Leg with Win as UAE Royals Ease Past Singap
Search on to trace accused in Uber cab rape caseSearch on to trace accused in Uber Delhi cab rape case
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
A massive search operation was launched today across three states to nab the taxi driver of cab-booking service provider Uber in a rape case.
A 27-year-old woman working for a finance company in Gurgaon was allegedly raped by the driver while dropping her home at Inderlok in North-West Delhi on Friday night.
The driver identified as Shiv Kumar Yadav (32) hails from Mathura, UP, and the car in which the crime took place was recovered from the city late last night.
Several Delhi Police teams are on a hunt to track him down in Delhi, Haryana and UP.
The incident took place at around 9:30 pm on Friday.
“The woman had gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7 pm. One of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired a cab run by a private company to take her to Inderlok,” police had said citing the complaint filed by the victim.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat of the car only to wake up and find that they had stopped at a secluded spot. She found that the car doors were locked and, when she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed her and then committed rape, police said.
The accused then dropped her off near her home in Inderlok after threatening to kill her if she spoke of the matter to anybody.
A case has been registered at Sarai Rohilla Police Station under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
Meanwhile, the US-based cab service provider, which has come under attack for allegedly flouting norms, has issued a statement saying they are providing all help to police in the investigation.
“Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber Spokeswoman.
Police said the driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was a Smartphone App which he exited after the incident.
The company also could not immediately provide the call log to police as details were said to be stored at the company’s headquarters in New York.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Retain add on HDFC as bond borrowing costs moderate:Kotak'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
Bond borrowing rates for high-rated housing finance companies and NBFCs have declined by about 60 bps in the past two months. Incremental spreads in the housing loan segment have expanded sharply as lending rates are stable. This decline puts housing finance companies in a strong footing even as we expect home loan rates to moderate. We raise estimates, increase target price for HDFC to R1,210 (from R1,100)  and retain ‘add’ rating.
Sharp decline in marginal bond borrowing cost will boost margins for housing finance companies.
Home loan rates may decline but moderately; marginal spreads expand.
Home loan rates have been stable since July 2014. As such, home loan rates have a scope to decline by about 15 bps unless banks cut their base rates. Thus, marginal spread of housing finance companies will be higher by 35-50 bps.
We factor our revised target price for HDFC Bank and roll over to September 2016. At our target price, HDFC’s core business will trade at 3.8x PBR and HDFC Bank will trade at 3.7x PBR. We value the insurance business at 2x EV, i.e. R6,000 crore and R18,000 crore for FY16 and FY17e, respectively; the life insurance business adds 6% to our SOTP. We are raising our forecasts for NIM of HDFC by 5-15 bps, which will increase its earnings estimates by 1.5-2%.
Kotak Institutional Equities
TAGS: HDFC NBFC
More from markets
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

View: Battling to facilitate ballot in the valleyDecember 6, 2014, 1:27 am IST Economic Times in ET Commentary | India | ET
7
By Syed Ata Hasnain
One of the deadliest fidayeen raids in years on an Army camp in Uri on Friday manifested the frustration of terror outfits with the role played by security forces in facilitating a successful assembly election in Jammu and Kashmir. The Uri sector, populated by Paharis, does not have a history of terror attacks and was not on top of the Army’s counter measures.
Terrorist groups are obviously attempting to send a symbolic message of their capability to strike at will. The Army has to absorb such setbacks and continue with its job, which at the moment is to facilitate the democratic exercise of elections.
Even on the evening of December 2, when Election Commission announced more than 70% polling in Handwara and Langait, two hardcore erstwhile separatist bastions, a major contact battle with terrorists were on at the heights of Tut Mari Gali. Six heavily-armed terrorists were killed in a 24-hour battle at an obscene height of 14,000 feet, while they were attempting to infiltrate from the Lipa Valley in PoK towards Bangas. A JCO made the ultimate sacrifice in the operation. While the significance of 71% turnout has been taken note of, the import of anti-infiltration operations at these heights has hardly been noticed.
The heavy turnout can partially be ascribed to the lack of passion in the separatist boycott call but what can that attitude of the separatists be ascribed to? An examination of the transient situation points to the overall effectiveness of the Army’s counter-infiltration grid which has weathered the continued onslaught from PoK to fill the hinterland with terrorists.
The lack of terrorist boots on ground has ensured that the situation remains at that. A significant increase in such footprint of terrorists would have led to serious disruptions of polls as the public in J&K usually is well-informed about the feasibility of violence on polling days.
14 Garhwal Rifles, a unit recently returned from the United Nations operations in Congo, on its first post mission tour of duty, has achieved the above feat in the beautiful meadows and glades of Bangas, a virtual heaven in terms of scenic beauty with potential to match iconic Gulmarg on the tourist map, once Kashmir returns to full normalcy. How is such a counter infiltration operation conducted is something the public has rarely been informed about?
14 Garhwal Rifles is deployed in the second tier with the first tier being taken up by other infantry units on the LoC. These infantry units are on the LoC fence, immediately ahead at some places and immediately behind at some others. There are gaps in the deployment as every meter cannot be covered. The height of the deployment area goes up beyond 14,000 feet.
Ten or eleven km behind are identified Reception Points/Areas where local terrorist groups try to link up with the ‘infiltrating track’ to guide it to a hideout in a jungle or a nearby village because without this the track will be lost for further movement and have no logistics. It is from here that the track will attempt to make forays into population centres to disrupt the electoral process. The Army places layers/tiers of deployment in between the entry point on the LoC and the reception point and prevents the link up by disturbing or eliminating the presence of the reception group. So either the track is eliminated by the tiers or the link up is made impossible preventing any effectiveness of the terrorist track.
In the Bangas encounter, terrorist track was forced into contact after footmarks in the snow revealed their presence. A party of a Junior Commissioned Officer and seven soldiers moved from a second tier piquet to seek contact without knowing the strength of the terrorist track — six men with a plethora of military wherewithal comprising grenades, explosives and IED and two weapons with each terrorist.
In deep and soft snow, it became an engagement of equal strength at foreboding heights. The men from 14 Garhwal Rifles at a lower height were at a disadvantage but held the contact and prevented movement of the track even as they were almost assaulted and a huge barrage of fire continued for seven hours. Three terrorists were killed while the JCO also died and two soldiers wounded as two more Army parties from the depth and flanks attempted to link up through waist deep snow that hampers movement severely.
The link up 8-10 hours later led to elimination of the full track of six terrorists. If this track had got through, the polls in at least Handwara and Langait would have been disrupted. Anti-infiltration manoeuvres and drills of the Army have prevented the adversary’s intent.
The writer is Lieutenant General (Retd)
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

US strongly condemns terrorist attacks in KashmirUS condemns terrorist attacks in Kashmir
By PTI | 6 Dec, 2014, 08.31AM IST
0
Share More
Uri, Srinagar, Tral and Shopian goes to polls in Jammu and Kashmir state elections, in the third and fourth phase over the next 10 days. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON": The US has strongly condemned the terrorist attacks in Kashmir ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's poll rally, and said it remained firm on its "commitment" to work with India to defeat terrorism in all forms.
"The United States strongly condemns today's (Friday's) terrorist attacks in Kashmir, which claimed the lives of innocent civilians, military, and police personnel," a senior State Department official said.
Kashmir Valley was yesterday rocked by four terror attacks by militants from across the border who stormed an Army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel dead and killed two civilians in Tral.
"The United States remains firmly committed to working in close partnership with India to defeat terrorism in all its forms," the State Department in a statement issued last evening.
"Our hearts go out to the families of those affected by this deplorable attack," it said.
Earlier in the day, the State Department expressed its concern about any violence in Kashmir adding that its policies on it have not changed.
"We are concerned about any violence in Kashmir. Our policy on Kashmir hasn't changed. We still believe that the pace and the scope and character of India and Pakistan's dialogue on Kashmir is for those two countries to determine," State Department Deputy Spokesperson Marie Harf, told reporters.
"Our embassies in both places have raised these types of incidents with their respective host governments and certainly encouraged both to continue working together on the issue," she said.
The attacks and gun battles with security forces which in all left 21 people dead also included a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven militants. Srinagar and Shopian were the other two places where the militants struck.
Modi, who will be holding a rally in Srinagar city on Monday, condemned the terror attacks as "desperate attempts" to derail the atmosphere of hope created by the increased voter turnout and saluted the soldiers who laid down their lives for the nation.
Uri, Srinagar, Tral and Shopian goes to polls in Jammu and Kashmir state elections , in the third and fourth phase over the next 10 days.

Brands offering condoms hidden in books and walletsInnovations in packaging: Brands offering condoms hidden in ‘books’ and ‘wallets’
By Rajiv Singh , ET Bureau | 6 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
Innovations are necessary to give newness to the consumer in this category, which is normally hidden from public view at a majority of retail outlets. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Vishal Vyas, a bookworm, has always followed a thumb rule whenever it comes to buying books: "Never judge a book by its cover," he says, bursting into laughter. He knows the reason well. Vyas is the marketing manager of Chennai-based condom brand Skore, which has launched a 'book' to hide condoms, a first by any condom maker in India.
In this country where talking about sex openly is still a taboo, few ask for condoms confidently from a shop - "People may wear sex on their sleeves but they still don't flaunt condoms," quips Vyas. Condom makers are trying to find a way around. If Skore, the third largest condom brand in India, is pushing up the excitement tempo with its unique hidden pack, others too have been up to the game.
KamaSutra has Wallet packs where the major part of the couple's image remains hidden. It also boasts of Hardwear packs which are plastic packs easy to carry; Honeymoon packs that bundle condom with fun accessories such as satin blindfold and feather tickler; and Skyn that resembles a high-end perfume pack. "Consumers seek excitement in sex, and packaging innovations go a long way in giving a positive emotional appeal to the users," says Ranjukumar Mohan, director and business head at JK Ansell, the company that manufactures and sells KamaSutra condoms.
Innovations are necessary to give newness to the consumer in this category, which is normally hidden from public view at a majority of retail outlets, he adds. Condom makers, it seems, are scripting an innovative chapter to make plain rubber sexciting. They are still addressing a largely virgin condom market in India - annual sales total just about 53 lakh condoms - necessitating brands to think out of the box.
Innovation is the need of the hour, say marketing experts. With an ever-evolving sex landscape, society is becoming more open, couples are getting bold and experimentative and sexual attitude is undergoing huge transformation. "When it comes to sex, monotony sets in fast and couples looks for novelty or variety all the time," says Vyas. Skore's 'book' makes an effort to address this issue as well, while helping keep the other contents hidden. The first chapter warms up the readers with do's and don'ts on wearing a condom.
While the second chapter titillates them with various kinds of condoms, the next arouses them with adventurous sexual poses. And, the last section takes them to climax, where they get to see four packs of condoms. Priced at Rs 240, the book will be available on online store Flipkart starting Monday. It is also available on the company's own website. "The book is for free. We are charging for just four packs of condoms that's inside the book," says Vyas. Launched in November 2012, Skore has been leading the pack with innovations. Take, for instance, Skore Easy.
The water resistant pouches to dispose used condoms was launched last month. It has also rolled out India's first mobile commerce platform for buying condoms. There are Android and iOS apps as well to locate condom stores. Durex, another condom brand that has Bollywood actor Ranveer Singh as brand ambassador, is also betting big on innovations. "We will soon introduce a 'Love Pack' exclusively on Snapdeal, which will be an assortment of products and quirky merchandise," says a spokesperson for Reckitt Benckiser, which owns the brand.
Apart from flavoured variants such as strawberry, orange and banana and green apple, Durex also has a latex free condom called Real Feel. The Indian condom market is going through an interesting phase. Social segment, which has always been the dominant constituent of the overall condom market in India, fell by 6% in 2012 - currently, it makes up 40% of the condom market. The expansion of the commercial condom market means consumers are opting for brands of their choice and they are ready to pay a higher price for it.
"This also announces emergence of a new Indian buyer who is assertive and discerning enough," says Skore's Vyas. With millennial generation fiercely guarding their privacy, the 'need to hide' at least in personal living spaces might diminish, says Smitha Sarma Ranganathan, a Bangalore-based brand communication specialist. However the delirious delight of secrecy in matters of passion will prevail, she adds.

BJP resolves differences with Sena but at cost of alliesYou are here: Home > Collections > Rsp
BJP resolves differences with Shiv Sena but at the expense of smaller allies in Maharashtra
ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 03.10AM IST
Tags:
Devendra Fadnavis government
(Ramdas Athavale who…)
MUMBAI: BJP may have finally resolved differences with its long-time ally Shiv Sena on Friday. However, the Sena-BJP coming together could be at the expense of the saffron party's other allies in the state.
On Friday, Swabhimaani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS) leaders, including Sadabhau Khot , skipped the swearing-in. Khot claimed no invites were received by his party. "They (BJP government) might have felt we were not needed for the swearing-in.
It is entirely their prerogative. We are not upset about not getting an invite," said Khot. Later in the day, however, SSS Chief Raju Shetti claimed they had received the invite but it arrived late. Mahadeo Jankar of the RSP, too, didn't attend the swearing-in.
It's not just the invites or the lack of it, the BJP's allies like the RPI (A), SSS and the RSP are feeling uneasy with the entry of Sena as they feel that its entry will make it difficult for them to get ministerial posts.
Ramdas Athavale who heads the RPI(A) claimed that his party was being offered a berth in Devendra Fadnavis government ,however he has declined it. " We were offered a berth in the state, however I have declined it, as I want a cabinet berth in the centre."claimed Athavale. Fadnavis, however, claimed that all allies were issued invites. He also said that the allies had been informed about them being inducted in to the government at a later stage.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sadhvi issue: PM Modi s intervention fails in Lok Sabha tooPrime Minister, who appealed in Rajya Sabha yesterday to put the matter to rest, spoke in Lok Sabha today, trying to mollify the opposition members.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: A day after his unproductive intervention in the Rajya Sabha , Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday appealed to the Lok Sabha, too, to treat the issue of Niranjan Jyoti's controversial remarks as a closed chapter since she had apologised to the House. He also urged the House to show understanding to her inexperience and rural background.
However, agitating Opposition members rejected his appeal, created a noisy protest in the House and walked out of the House to stage a dharna outside. Responding to Opposition members demand for his intervention since Thursday, Modi got up and said. "The minister has already apologised and since she is a first-time MP and comes from a rural background I appeal to all to accept her apology and let the matter rest... Seniors should set an example by showing large-heartedness and accepting her apology".
Trying to appease agitated members, Modi thanked members of the Lok Sabha for allowing the House to function, unlike in the Rajya Sabha, despite their protests. "We should respect the traditions... We should move ahead with our work of taking the nation ahead," he said. The PM also recalled how while addressing the BJP parliamentary party meeting he strongly disproved Jyoti's statement and expressed anger soon after her controversial remarks.
But after the PM's statement, Congress floor leaders Mallikarjun Kharge was heard saying the statement was not enough and that action must be taken against the minister. While Congress members started protesting, Rahul Gandhi, wearing a black band over his mouth, was seen sitting in the second row watching the exchanges between Kharge and the chair.
After the Speaker disallowed him to speak, Congress MPs along with those from the Trinamool Congress, Janata Parivar and Left staged a walk-out. Other Congress MPs too had black bands over their mouths to indicate their voices were being muffled and along with their leader, staged a dharna near the Mahatma Gandhi statue in Parliament complex. Kharge said Speaker Sumitra Mahajan was gagging the Opposition voice and alleged that his mike was switched off while he was registering his protest after the PM's statement.

Edit: Aam aadmi caught in a brand new worldDecember 6, 2014, 12:39 am IST ET Edit in ET Editorials | India , Times View | ET
27
The rules of political imagery and image-building are surprisingly stringent. Arvind Kejriwal’s talent for moulding his own image as a crusader against pelf and corruption got him very favourable results — at least in Delhi. Now, he suddenly finds himself in a soup after a photograph showing him sitting in business class on a Dubai-bound flight has been pounced upon. There is no reason why the Aam Aadmi Party chief can’t travel business class, especially since his ticket was sponsored by the organisers of an award he will be receiving in Dubai today. But the irony of Kejriwal ‘captured in opulence’ on his way to being felicitated at the World Brand Summit is keen, considering it is Brand Kejriwal that finds itself with a dent.
Creating a public image is not necessarily peddling a lie. When Kejriwal’s critics in the BJP and the Congress accuse him of double standards for saying one thing and flying another, what they are essentially doing is conflating the notion of the self-styled representative of the aam admi found in khaas aadmi circumstances with Kejriwal’s own trademark tirade against opulence of all sorts. So to defend Kejriwal, one cannot afford to take Kejriwal’s usual counsel by which every proverbial business class traveller is tarred with the same brush.
Kejriwal is well within his right to portray — and even enjoy —a spartan demeanour even as he chooses to live it up. People of this country have moved on since they considered possessing an air-conditioner or a car to be an extravagance bordering immorality. Perhaps the real lesson in all this is to not make a fetish out of frugality or profligacy. Hysterical charges of hypocrisy are bound to follow. Something that Kejriwal and critics in the political field could do well to keep in mind.
This piece appeared as an editorial opinion in the print edition of The Economic Times.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Inside story: How Kotak sealed ING Vysya dealInside story of how Kotak sealed ING Vysya deal
MC Govardhana Rangan, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 10.25AM IST
Tags:
Australia
(The turn of events highlight…)
MUMBAI: Predator turned prey — that seems to sum up what happened in the case of Kotak Mahindra Bank and Dutch financial group ING, a role reversal that came about six years after the world of finance was turned on its head in the meltdown of 2008. Rewind to a year before that for a spot of irony: Michel Tilmant , former chief executive of ING, and Kotak's Executive Vice-Chairman Uday Kotak met in 2007 in Mumbai's Grand Hyatt hotel.
They discussed the Indian market and its potential. Tilmant spoke of his grand design for ING in India. Part of the conversation was about ING's decision to buy 1.8% of Kotak in a share sale that year. The idea then was to treat this albeit small holding as a springboard for the Dutch group's ambitions in India, along with ING Vysya Bank , said two people familiar with those discussions. Then came the credit crisis that forced Tilmant to go to the Dutch government cap in hand.
Key Player who Swung Deal in Kotak's Favour
This led to the almost inevitable denouement that played out last month as Kotak Mahindra announced its all-stock purchase of ING Vysya in a transaction valued at $2.4 billion. Kotak Mahindra is in the process of absorbing ING Vysya to become the fourth-largest private sector bank in India. ING will own 6.5% of Kotak Mahindra and nominate a member to the board.
The turn of events highlight the unpredictable manner in which fast-unfolding events can upset plans in ways least expected. Although every private sector bank in India was at one time or the other interested in ING Vysya fs small and medium enterprise loan franchise, 573 branches, and a64,582 crore in assets, it was Kotak Mahindra that swung the deal. And it managed to strike a deal that some in the M&A world consider to be pegged at a lower-than-expected premium.The negotiations for this particular deal may have started about 18 months ago, but it was the sevenyear relationship between the top executives of the two financial institutions that helped seal the deal, said people who did not want to be identified.
Funnily enough, Uday Kotak, renowned as a rainmaker, wasn't the most critical player in all of this, nor was it Ralph Hamers , the current CEO of ING. Those who know say it was Vaughn Richtor , the head of ING Direct in Australia , who swung the deal decisively in favour of Kotak Mahindra.The Chennaiborn Richtor, who was head of ING Vysya before his current assignment in Australia, has had a long association with Kotak Mahindra and is aware of the organisation fs culture and its people.
Indeed, the relationship was so strong that when ING decided to dispose of its subsidiary, it did not even ask for bids from others as it was comfortable dealing with Kotak, said a person who did not want to be identified. The stock swap may not even be considered a sale by normal standards as ING will continue to own a stake in the bank and have a director on board. Now the question is this: Given that ING is working toward emerging from its financial mess internationally, is there any plan to make Kotak an even bigger partner for the future? Watch this space.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RIL signs pact with Mexican firm PEMEX for oil and gas huntReliance Industries signs pact with Mexican firm PEMEX for oil and gas hunt
By ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 06.28PM IST
RIL & PEMEX will also share expertise & skills in relevant areas of oil & gas industry, including for deep-water oil & gas exploration & production.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Billionaire Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries (RIL) has entered into a pact with Mexico's national oil company Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) to explore upstream oil and gas business opportunities in that country, the Indian energy conglomerate said on Friday.
The deal will give RIL a gateway into Mexico, the 10th-largest crude producer in the world. RIL has faced issues relating to gas pricing for its output from the Krishna-Godavari basin which has also been declining. Therefore, the company is looking at new opportunities including geographical diversification, according to people aware of the strategy.
"RIL's cooperation with Pemex is in line with its growth strategy to explore opportunities to expand its international asset base in regimes having internationally attractive competitive terms. The company hopes to leverage its organisational capabilities and expertise to create long-term value for exploration and production business and for RIL on the whole," the company said in a statement.
RIL is locked in a bitter dispute with the government, which was triggered by the government's decision to deny the recovery of part of its development costs, when Jaipal Reddy was the oil minister during the UPA regime. The ministry blames the company for the sharp fall in output and says production dropped because RIL did not drill the promised number of wells. The company says the oil ministry's action violates its contract, and that production fell because of geological complexity.
Mexico is in the process of reforming its energy sector and is inviting partners to end the monopoly of Pemex to boost the sector. Prior to this, in September, Pemex had signed a pact with ONGC Videsh, the overseas arm of staterun ONGC, to jointly explore opportunities in Mexico.
According to the agreement, RIL and Pemex will assess potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico and jointly evaluate value-added opportunities in international markets. The two companies will also share expertise and skills in the relevant areas of the oil and gas industry, including deep-water oil and gas exploration and production.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

GAIL India inks agreement to buy 2.5 mn tonnes of LNG from US firmSave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: GAIL India Ltd , the nation's largest natural gas distributor, has signed an agreement with US-based WGL for buying about 2.5 million tonnes of gas for 20 years.
GAIL Global USA LNG LLC , a subsidiary of the state-owned firm, signed a sourcing agreement with US-based WGL Midstream Inc for "procurement of natural gas required to produce about 2.5 million tonnes a year of LNG at the Cove Point Terminal located in Maryland, US," a company statement said.
WGLM is a subsidiary of WGL Holdings Inc , a prominent natural gas company of the United States.
GAIL had previously signed deals to buy 3.5 million tonnes of LNG a year for two decades from Cheniere Energy Inc's Sabine Pass terminal in Louisiana. It had also booked 2.3 million tonnes a year capacity in the Cove Point LNG liquefaction terminal in Maryland. The shipments are expected to start by 2017-18.
"The definitive gas sale and purchase agreement has been signed for a period of 20 years and supplies are expected to commence from late 2017 when the LNG terminal, in which GGULL holds liquefaction capacity, becomes operational," it said.
GAIL Chairman and Managing Director B C Tripathi said the pact was part of the company's efforts to source liquefied natural gas (LNG) to meet the country's rising energy demand.
"We are now in the process of chartering of LNG ships thereby entrenching our presence across the complete LNG supply chain and bring more value to Indian customers," he said.
On the occasion, Terry D McCallister, Chairman, WGL Holdings said, "WGL Midstream's long-term relationship with GAIL capitalises on the growing supply of abundant natural gas from the Marcellus Shale production region.
"This growing supply source has been providing clean burning natural gas to Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States and will now supply to India as well."
WGL Midstream handles non-regulated gas business with operations covering midstream infrastructure and energy services.
Its parent, WGL Holdings, Inc, is a public utility holding company serving the Washington DC metropolitan region.
Pace Global (a Siemens business), Thompson & Knight and Amarchand Mangaldas assisted GAIL on commercial and legal aspects of the transaction, the statement added.
WGL Midstream engaged Vega Energy Partners for the execution of these transactions. Vega will also play a role in the implementation of these contracts.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Goods worth Rs 35.36 cr forgotten by passengers at airports this yearYou are here: Home > Collections > Cisf
Goods worth Rs 35.36 crore forgotten by passengers at airports this year
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 10.48AM IST
Tags:
CCTV
(Company executive Sunil Tandon forgot…)
NEW DELHI: Navy commander Srisharsha forgot to pick up his mobile after going through security check at Mumbai domestic airport last month. When he was about to board his flight an hour later, still oblivious of his lapse, a Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) officer ran up to him with the handset. The commander was told that the CISF, which runs security at most Indian airports, had traced him from CCTV footage at the spot where he had left the device.
Company executive Sunil Tandon forgot his wallet on a baggage trolley after arriving at the Delhi International Airport from Kaula Lampur in the rush of getting into a taxi. The CISF was able to track him through the boarding pass, asked Malaysia Airlines for his details, got his phone number from social media, called him up and returned his wallet.
Tandon and Srisharsha are among hundreds of passengers who have sent emails expressing their gratefulness to the CISF every month. Such forgetfulness is fairly widespread among people who travel by air in India, according to a presentation by the security service. The latest CISF figures show that personal belongings and goods worth Rs 35.36 crore were forgotten by passengers at Indian airports this year until the end of October, marking a surge from the previous year's level. Delhi international airport led in the lost-and-found sweepstakes at Rs 8.93 crore, or one-fourth. The total had amounted to Rs 23.12 crore in all of 2013, up from Rs 20.04 crore in 2012.
Happily enough, the CISF has got quite good at returning stuff to owners. The restoration rate is at 54% or Rs 19.26 crore overall. For Delhi, this is even better at 70%. What are the things that air passengers usually forget? Apple products are well represented--iPads, iPhones and MacBooks. Other items include Samsung Galaxy Tabs, smartphones, digital cameras, wallets, car and house keys, expensive pens, sunglasses, passports and gold ornaments, according to the CISF.
Most of these losses occur in airport lounges, departure areas or toilets. Passengers often forgot to collect their possessions after they've passed through the x-ray at security checks, according to the CISF. They also frequently pick up each other's devices—sometimes deliberately If a passenger can't be located, the items are handed over to the airport management for storage in a warehouse from where passengers can claim them after proving they are the rightful owners.
If no one comes looking for an extended period, the goods are auctioned as per rules. The rising tide of goods left behind had prompted the CISF to set up a lost and found section at all airports a few years ago. This involves extensive CCTV surveillance of the airport to detect any object left behind by a passenger. Based on a review of CCTV footage, the CISF zeroes in on the face of the passenger and tries to track his movement toward the departure or arrival gates.
Businessman Harish Palecanda realized this when on October 31, while boarding a flight from Delhi to Mumbai with his family, he left behind his bag in the trolley while rushing to the security check gate. "I later found one of my bags was missing but thought I must have left it at home. A man then walked up to me and asked: Where are you going without your bag? He was CISF personnel PD Swami, who had tracked me from CCTV footage," Palecanda wrote in his e-mail thanking the CISF.
If the CISF is unable to track a person at the airport, they match the face and profile with Facebook and other social media platforms on the basis of CCTV footage."When an abandoned mobile is found, the last dialed number is called to find the name and flight details of the owner and approaching the departure gate without any delay. The passenger is also tracked through CCTV camera in the lounge and passenger waiting area," the CISF said in its presentation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

40 Bengaluru clubs stare at dry days in festive season40 Bengaluru clubs stare at dry days in festive season after security guard’s tiff with IPS officer
ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
(Excise Department officials…)
By Bharath Joshi & Athira A Nair
BENGALURU: A security guard's sense of duty could just be the reason why Bengaluru's elite clubs may have to shut down their bars during the upcoming Christmas and New Year season. A scrap last month between Ashik Uddin Lasker, a guard at the tony Bangalore Club, and some constables accompanying a senior police official has set off a series of events that has resulted in the club's bar being shut down and now threatens to inflict the same fate on many more watering holes for the city's elite. And that too with less than a month to go for the festive season, a time when these clubs rake in a bulk of their revenues.
Some 40 clubs in Bengaluru are in the dock for various irregularities, including in the serving of liquor, as part of the state Excise Department's crackdown on them following an earlier raid on the Bangalore Club, a 146-yearold institution that counts the city's who's who among its patrons.
If what has befallen Bangalore Club is any indication, many of the clubs too face the same fate. Excise Department officials have found violations in 40 clubs, officials say, adding that notices had been issued or would soon be sent. The department has been asked by Bengaluru Urban Deputy Commissioner V Shankar, who is the licensing authority for them, to submit detailed reports about each club's violation.
Excise officials, however, maintain these are "routine inspections" and that not all violations pertain to serving of liquor. "Liquor is not the only violation that clubs are booked for. Breach of licence conditions include improper maintenance of accounts and non-submission of statements to the department," said an official on the condition of anonymity.
Bangalore club in eye of storm
ISN Prasad, principal secretary (finance) in the state government, told ET that the licensing conditions would be implemented to the letter. Various clubs ET contacted said the notices had not reached them. PA Shetty, president of the Koramangala Club, which is yet to get a notice, said the government should sanction licence to serve liquor at least from 2-3 counters in each club. "It is very inconvenient for bartenders and waiters to carry alcohol across clubs and customers complain about delay in service as well," Shetty said.
Earlier this week, the Bangalore Club — where the waiting period to become a member is 30 years — had its liquor licence suspended after it was found that multiple counters were serving liquor to its patrons, in an apparent violation of its CL-4 liquor licence.The club's misfortunes began after its security guard Lasker got into a tiff with a senior IPS officer and a club member. Lasker is said to have stopped senior IPS officer RP Sharma's car and demanded to see his membership card. That was on November 5. Sharma, who is an additional DGP of railways, apparently refused to show his card, and according to club officials constables accompanying him manhandled the guard following which the club suspended his civil service membership for a month. Sharma denies this account of events.On November 21, the state Excise Department raided the club.
The Revenue Department — the authority for liquor licences — followed it up with a show-cause notice asking why the club's bar should not be shut. A 15-day period was given to reply to the notice. Within the next week, two more government agencies raided the club. The Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike issued notices for running commercial establishments without permission while the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board cautioned the club against playing loud music at late hours.
And even as the club's management was shocked into a silence, the Excise Department closed down Bangalore Club's bar, well before the show-cause notice period ended. All these actions, some club members feel, is a direct result of its standoff with the civil servant and represents bureaucracy coming together to avenge the slight felt by one of its own.However, Sharma denies that the Excise Department's action against the Bangalore Club is any way connected with the tiff or the suspension of his club membership. "It is a stupid argument. As a member, I raised questions about the club's liquor policy in a letter to the secretary on October 25 itself, much before they suspended me. It is a pity that the club is engaged in such violations," he told ET earlier this week.
The government agencies breathing down on the club also insist the serial raids were a coincidence, but others disagree."I tend to agree with those who say there is a connection, simply because it has happened before. In the late 70s, a 'big officer' was denied membership. Following this, a part of the club's land was slated to be acquired.
We have seen often how people with no-so-good-a-history trying to become members using influence," said former Supreme Court judge Santosh N Hegde .As for Lasker, the guard at the centre of the dispute, it is learnt that many members of Bangalore Club want to felicitate him for his sense of duty. Only that he has gone underground.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kashmir: 4 attacks within 12 hrs; over 20 pronounced deadYou are here: Home > Collections > Srinagar
21 killed in terror attacks ahead of PM Narendra Modi's visit in Kashmir
Masood Hussain & BHAVNA VIJ AURORA, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 06.44AM IST
Tags:
Ajai Sahni
(Modi condemned the attacks…)
SRINAGAR | NEW DELHI: Terrorists struck in Kashmir on Friday, leaving 21 people dead in multiple attacks, days before PM Narendra Modi is due to make a campaign stop in Srinagar in an election that has thus far seen voters turn out in unprecedented numbers in a strong rejection of the separatists' boycott call. The main attack took place in Uri, its ferocity reminiscent of the days when militancy was at its peak in Kashmir in 1990-95.
Modi condemned the attacks as "desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope and goodwill as seen by increased voter turnout" and said he wouldn't be changing his plans to travel to Kashmir. He also called Army Chief Gen Dalbir Suhag for a meeting on security preparedness. Election Commission officials said they are unlikely to change the poll schedule, with three out of a total five phases yet to be completed.
The timing of the attacks is crucial. After two massively polled phases, Kashmir is readying for another one on Tuesday with Modi's maiden public speech in Srinagar slated for Monday.
Also, Friday was a state holiday for Sheikh Abdullah's birth anniversary. Besides this, the attacks come as the army has been seeking to reach out to the community with some of its personnel being prosecuted and punished for wrongful deaths. Home ministry officials discerned a pattern to the attacks. They also said the two militants killed as they tried to enter Srinagar may have been targeting the prime minister's rally.
Bloody Friday Started at 3 am
The attacks took place in four places in north, south and central Kashmir in a span of 12 hours. The fatalities included eight soldiers, eight militants, three policemen and two civilians.
Bloody Friday started early at about 3 am with the attack in Uri, seen as an unlikely target as it's part of a fortified border belt — this is the first time it's been hit. Six militants, armed to the teeth and dressed in white uniforms, barged into a local garrison at Mahura housing the 31 Field Regiment and also the location of an ammunition depot. Police sources said while guards outside the main gate killed one of the militants, the rest managed to get inside.
Though the close combat between the two sides was over by around 10 am, almost seven hours after they entered, a series of mop-up operations took place before the exercise was declared complete. Eight soldiers were killed, including Lt Col Sankalp Kumar. A local sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) was also killed along with three of his colleagues.
All the militants were killed. Five soldiers were injured.
The slain militants haven't been identified, an army spokesperson said, adding that six AK rifles with 55 magazines, two shotguns, two night vision binoculars, four radio sets and 32 unused grenades were among the materiel recovered. As reporters were busy waiting for the conclusion of the operation in Uri, two militants were intercepted by police in the Ahmednagar area of Srinagar. In the exchange of fire, one militant was killed and the other took shelter in a house before being killed in the next half hour. Police identified one of the two as Lashkare-Toiba commander Qari Israr and termed the operation a big success.
  As the day progressed, it was time for Juma namaz in Shopian. While people were offering prayers, a grenade was lobbed in the direction of the police station, but it hit a large chinar tree without causing loss of life or property. Some cops dismissed this as "barely a defused grenade".
Meanwhile, in militancy-infested Tral, independent candidate Abdul Rashid Sheikh had parked his vehicle and had gone into the mosque to offer Friday prayers. Militants tossed a grenade toward one of vehicles, killing two and injuring more than 25.
"Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy," Chief Minister Omar Abdullah tweeted. He hoped Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh would "take steps to plug the gaps in CI (confidential informants') grid". Singh, for his part, was blunt in directing his criticism across the border during a campaign speech in Rajouri. "Why is it that people who indulge in such activities hide in Pakistan? Should Pakistan not answer? I think Pakistan should try to stop these incidents. If they can't, they should speak to India about it," Singh said on Friday.
Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad was cryptic in his comments in Beerwa, where Omar Abdullah is contesting."Both internal and external forces are responsible for these attacks in Kashmir," Azad told reporters on the sidelines of a rally. "They don't want the democratic process of elections to go smoothly in the region. There are some political parties which are in league with these agencies."

FM says reforms to continue despite disruptions in ParliamentFM says reforms to continue despite disruptions in Parliament
Indivjal Dhasmana | New Delhi Dec 06, 2014 10:40 PM IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday accused the Opposition of obstructing the reform process as the ongoing session of Parliament faced disruptions.
He, however, said subsidies would be rationalised because most of these were non-legislative decisions. “In the weeks and months to come, you should expect a lot more decisions in this regard from the government,” the finance minister said at an event here.
So far as legislative reforms were concerned, Jaitley said the government would use the joint session of Parliament as the last resort because reforms were also the art of making things possible. He said while the government has less numbers in the Rajya Sabha, the composition of the upper house of Parliament was changing.
FMSPEAK
On GST:
“Half-hearted attempts on GST can be detrimental. Centre has to be large-hearted when it comes to GST rollout”
On those opposing reforms:
"There is no ideological difference the Left and TMC in West Bengal"
On new body to replace the Planning Commission:
"Empowering the states has been one of our critical belief. I do hope that after tomorrow's meeting, whatever decision will be taken, probably states will be in a better position"
On legislative business, Jaitley said the insurance bill, the coal legislation and the constitution amendment bill on the goods and services tax were to be taken up in Parliament in the days to come.
“The debate with regard to the insurance bill is almost coming to an end. Hopefully, within a few weeks, it should produce some results,” the finance minister said. A select committee of Parliament is expected to submit its recommendations on the insurance bill on December 10, after which the bill could be taken up in Parliament. Jaitley said he had convened a meeting of state finance ministers on the GST on December 11 to discuss the revised draft of the constitution amendment bill. A day later, the empowered committee of state finance ministers is going to meet on the issue. The finance minister also said he was working with the mining department on a law for minerals other than coal. Admitting that the land law was a big challenge, Jaitley said he was confident of building consensus on it as well. “Reforms are the art of possible and this art involves carrying not only your friends but a large amount of public opinion along with you,” he added.
Reforms will include the banking sector as well. “I do hope in months to come, we can see a significant movement in that direction. The banking sector needs a large number of reforms and there is a whole programme that we have set in place as far as the sector is concerned,” Jaitley said.
Besides, the finance minister is looking at rationalising subsidies to take a second step in expenditure management after the decontrol of diesel prices.
“I have had a series of meetings with the expenditure management commission. They are working effectively with regard to rationalisation of subsidies and I do hope in the next few — even a month would be an ovestatement, may be earlier — they were able to come out with some interim recommendations so that we can proceed with rationalisation,” the finance minister said.
He added manufacturing was an area of concern, because of which the indirect tax collection target posed a challenge. However, the direct tax mop-up would be close to target, he said.
The government has a fiscal deficit estimate of 4.1 per cent of the gross domestic product, but the deficit has touched almost 90 per cent of the target in the first seven months of the current fiscal year.
Disinvestment is going to play a crucial role in reining in the fiscal deficit. The government has kicked off the programme with a five per cent stake sale in Steel Authority of India. “Friday’s response of the market has been fairly encouraging, particularly the fact that retail investors oversubscribed the issue by 2.5 times,” Jaitley said.
Speaking at the event in New Delhi, ICICI Bank Chief Executive Officer Chanda Kochhar said, “The whole push towards (the new government’s effort to boost manufacturing) I think directionally is a big achievement.” Talking about the focus area for the government, she said, “What needs to be done is to achieve final closure for the various projects that have been languishing and dragging so far.”
Besides, there was need to improve the supply side so that inflation in the long term could be tamed, said xxxxxx.

Congress  NCP slam Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis for skipping tea-sessionBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 9:24 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 12:54 pm
The Congress and NCP leaders on Saturday voiced their protest against Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis for not attending the tea-party hosted on eve of the winter session beginning in Nagpur from Monday.
Fadnavis is leaving on Sunday to attend a meeting of all chief ministers convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The day also coincides with high-tea convened by state government ahead of winter session at Nagpur.
The former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said, “It is highly humiliating if the Chief Minister himself skips the tea session which is convened to discuss the issues with the opposition parties.”
On Sunday, Fadnavis is going to Delhi to attend a meeting of all chief ministers convened by prime minister Narendra Modi. The Chief Minister has urged his senior cabinet colleague Chandrakant Patil to take the charge during the tea session in his absence.
However, Pawar and Chavan believe the absence of the Chief Minister cannot be justified. Pawar said, “For the first time in the history of state legislature we have a chief minister who is not attending the tea party.”
Ahead of every session it is a customary for the government to convene a high-tea with the leaders of all political parties. The Chief Minister is the host for the high-tea as he heads the government.
MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre said, “This is the first session after the assembly elections and it is expected that chief minister should have been present. The chief minister should have reworked his schedule to ensure he could attend the meeting as well as tea session.”
According to BJP cabinet minister, “The opposition has the right to express their views. But the prime minister meeting was scheduled and it coincides with the tea session.” Moreover, chief minister is not escaping the opposition. He has deputed a senior cabinet minister to play the host, he added. Arguing, “PM meeting in Delhi is also important as matters of Maharashtra issues would be raised by Fadnavis.”

More steps to rationalise subsidies on anvil: Arun JaitleyBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Assuring India Inc of NDA’s commitment to carry forward economic reforms, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government will come out with more steps to rationalise subsidies.
“I had a series of meeting with the Expenditure Management Commission. They are effectively working on some very valuable suggestions with regard to rationalisation of subsidies…
“In the next few, even months…may be earlier than that they will be able to come out with some interim recommendations to us so that we can proceed with rationalisation in that direction”, Jaitley said.
Recalling the government’s decision to link the diesel prices with market price, the Minister told the India Economic Conclave said that it would help in reducing the subsidy burden of the government.
Besides, the government has recently decided to give direct cash subsidy on pilot basis to LPG customers in select cities.
The Centre had set up a Commission under former RBI Governor Bimal Jalan to suggest steps to rationalise subsidy and help the government in effectively bringing down the fiscal deficit.
The government currently provides various kinds of subsidies which run into lakhs of crores of rupees. It was pegged at Rs 2.51 lakh crore for 2014-15.
Speaking at the Conclave organised by television channel ET Now, Jaitley expressed confidence that the government would be able to push the Insurance and the GST bills in the current session of Parliament.
On the government’s views on a joint session of Parliament to push the bills as it does not have a majority in the Rajya Sabha, he said: “We don’t want to use the last resort of a joint session for legislations. But if it becomes inevitable that’s a constitutional remedy.”
On Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meeting with Chief Ministers tomorrow on replacing the 64-year old Plan Panel, Jaitley said: “Empowering the states has been one of our critical belief.
“I do hope that after tomorrow’s meeting, whatever decision will be taken, probably states will be in a better position.”
Describing the response of market in yesterday’s steel major SAIL’s share sale as encouraging, the Finance Minister said it is an indication that depth of the market is improving.
“The divestment programme of the government took off yesterday. Yesterday, response of the market has been fairly encouraging. Particularly, the fact that the retail investors oversubscribed the SAIL’s issue by two and half times.
“On PSU stocks, retail investors coming in a big way also is an indication… that the depth of market seems to be improving somewhat,” he said.
SAIL’s share sale, the first disinvestment offering this fiscal, was subscribed over two times fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore.
Government has set a target of Rs 43,425 crore through selling stakes in various PSU firms during the current fiscal.
The Finance Minister also expressed hope that he will able to achieve the direct tax collection target.
“In terms of direct revenues, I seem to be very close to what I had said… My real challenge is indirect taxes, and indirect taxes are relatable to the growth in the manufacturing sector itself .
“Indirect tax collection is moving little slowly upwards. I do hope in the months to come we can see significant movements in that direction,” he said.
The government aims to collect Rs 7.36 lakh crore from direct taxes in current fiscal, up from over Rs 6.36 lakh crore collected last year.
As regards indirect tax, the target is to collect over Rs 6.24 lakh crore, up 20.28 per cent over the collection in 2013-14.
On the land acquisition law, Jaitley said this has created a very challenging situation and expressed hope that the government will able to find a solution in the next few weeks.
“Unless some changes are made and the processes are easened, that law is going to have an adverse impact on future growth of Indian economy.
I have myself engaged in a active discussion within the government and also with some of my colleagues in opposition,” he said.
“And I do hope over next few months we are able to effectively find a solution to this problem,” he added.
Speaking at the conclave, ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhar said “the whole push towards (new government’s effort to boost manufacturing) I think directionally is a big achievement.”
Talking about the focus area for the government, she said “what needs to be done is to achieve the final closure for the various projects that have been languishing and dragging so far.”
Besides, there is need to improve supply side so that inflation in long term can be tamed.
“The second focus I would say is the supply side of economy which means improve production and increase production, declog everything in agriculture supply chain, make sure that the supply in the economy increases because that’s the only way that can in a long term structurally control inflation,” she said.
“We have to look at now taking smaller steps that can bring back confidence of re-starting investment in the economy,” she added.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Indian Economy
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

PM Modi appeals for welfare of Indian ArmyPM Modi appeals for welfare of Indian Army
Plan to construct roads along Indo-China borderBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Border Roads Organisation (BRO) and Arunachal Pradesh government have responded with alacrity to the Centre’s plan to construct roads along the Indo-China border for the movement of defence forces as well as Arunachalees living along the boundary.
While Union Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju has announced a challenging 2000-km-long road along the McMahon Line from Mago-Thingbu in Tawang district to Vijaynagar in Changlang district, whose survey and investigation would begin this year, the BRO has expedited the work for the 221-km Daporijo-Taksing road in Upper Subansiri district.
BRO’s ‘Project Arunank’ Chief Engineer Brig H K Pokhariyal called on Home Minister Tanga Byaling here last month to apprise him of the progress following resentment by a local leader about the pace of work.
Attributing the delay to natural calamity that had washed away the 3.5-km road from Yarbe to Kayte Nala that had forced the BRO to develop another alignment along river Subansiri, the official said that cutting the 80 to 90 degree vertical rock formation to build the road was a great challenge and time consuming.
However, earth cutting is going from both ends even by deploying additional equipment like medium weight crawler rock driller to speed up progress, Byaling said quoting the official.
During the 1962 Chinese aggression, rifleman Shere Thapa of 1 JAK Rifles had killed many Chinese jawans at the inaccessible Tama Chungchung ridge near the source of Subansiri river before being gunned down by PLA. His mortal remains were buried there. His memorial stands tall at Ime Seiko Nala and he is highly revered by locals. BRO had built a bridge in 2010 and named after the martyr, whom the Army had declared a deserter and wrote him off its records.
Byaling appreciated the BRO’s efforts and progress, going by the communication and transportation problems of the locals who have to walk down for days together carrying their essentials from Limiking to Taksing.
He assured all possible help for early completion of the road to provide solace to the Arunachalees.
TAGS: India China Border
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

J&K: Slain terrorists carried medicines  eatables from PakJ&K: Slain terrorists carried medicines  eatables from Pak
Uber cab rape case: Are our cities unsafe for womenComments
A 25-year-old woman was allegedly raped by a radio cab driver in north Delhi’s Sarai Rohilla late Friday night.
The woman, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, told police she boarded the Uber cab at 9.30pm from south Delhi’s Vasant Vihar, where she had gone for a party with friends.
She was raped at an isolated place between Sarai Rohilla and Inderlok, police said, adding the cabbie threatened to kill and sexually assault her with a rod if she resisted him. He dropped her home after the attack.
Delhi rape: Uber cabbie held, to be produced before court today
The incident has once again thrown questions on the safety of women in our cities.
Is our country still unsafe for women? Why do such crimes continue despite public outrage? Vote and tell us what you think.

Govt working on  as big reforms as we need :...Aditya Puri
(Confident about India returning…)
MUMBAI: Confident about India returning to 7 per cent growth path, top banker Aditya Puri has said that the government was serious about big economic reforms and "the proof of the pudding" will be pick-up in investments.
Puri, who heads the country's most valued private sector lender HDFC Bank , said the new government has already removed the governance roadblocks that were stifling India's true economic potential and it was working on "as big reforms as we possibly need".
He also justified the prevalent exuberance about the India story, saying it was very much real and he would rather be 'double exuberant'.
"We have got the right ingredients, we got the right government. We have identified the areas we want to work on and the government and business are collaborating. Why shouldn't everybody be positive about India? I am very positive," Puri told PTI in an interview here.
"Where is the question of tempering exuberance? I want to double the exuberance. Its absolutely for real," he added.
Puri, Managing Director of HDFC Bank, said India's economic growth rate was already among the highest in the world, while problems arising from a high current account deficit, a nagging problem of the past two years, has also been resolved.
"Other positives include control on the high fiscal deficit , which had led to some international rating agencies to threaten a rating downgrade, and a benign interest rate environment which will encourage investment," he added.
Puri stated that such positives are attracting investors from abroad, helping the benchmark Sensex gain over 42 per cent since February to log new highs, and these factors should comfort us as well.
Puri, who has been confident about fundamentals being intact when when economic growth rate slipped below 5 per cent mark, said the formation of a stable government has added to the "always strong fundamentals".
"What I was saying was our fundamentals are intact. There were issues of governance which were creating some roadblocks to our true potential. The fundamentals are still intact, and we are removing all roadblocks that were there and so my exuberance will only double," Puri said.
Asked about big-ticket reform measures required in India, Puri said the government has taken decisions or shown progress on a number of fronts, such as Land Acquisition, Mineral Resources, Goods and Services Tax , Labour Reforms, Direct Benefit Transfer and Centre-State relations.
"These are as big reforms as we possibly need," he said, while adding that "the proof of the pudding" will be when the investment picks up.
"Even without that, with only administrative efficiencies, the GDP growth rate will inch up to the 6 per cent mark and once the investment does pick up, we will reach the seven per cent GDP growth mark," he said.
For two consecutive years, India has seen below 5 per cent GDP growth and many industry leaders had blamed a "policy paralysis" like situation and certain judicial decisions for this slowdown. However, the growth rate has begun to pick up and stood at 5.5 per cent growth in the first half of the current fiscal.
Puri, whose bank was last month allowed to raise foreign investment limit to 74 per cent from 49 per cent, also said that the government's decision to allow banks to raise long term bonds for infrastructure lending, with a relaxation on the mandatory reserve requirements, were testimonies of the positive attitude of the Government.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coca-Cola IPTL: Indian Aces vs Singapore Slammers previewCoca-Cola IPTL: Indian Aces vs Singapore Slammers preview
Russian puppet show in Jaipur enthralls spectatorsRussian puppet show in Jaipur enthralls spectators
China slams Philippines over South China Sea disputePrint
In this June 27, 2014 photo, a worker holds a new officially approved map of China that includes the islands and maritime area that Beijing claims in the South China Sea, at a printing factory in Changsha in south China's Hunan province. (AP Photo)
By: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: December 7, 2014 1:00 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 1:06 pm
China on Sunday again rejected an attempt by the Philippines to challenge its vast territorial claims over the South China Sea through international arbitration, a week before a deadline for Beijing to respond to the case.
China prefers to settle its disputes in discussions with the countries directly involved. But the Philippines has filed a case with a tribunal operating under the U.N. Convention of the Law of the Sea, which provides a regulatory framework for the use of the world’s seas and oceans.
Xu Hong, director general of the Foreign Ministry’s Department of Treaty and Law, said the Philippines was “obstinately pushing forward arbitration procedures” and urged it to negotiate with Beijing instead. He told reporters that China was committed to rejecting and not participating in the arbitration proceedings.
The document released Sunday elaborates on China’s previous arguments that territorial sovereignty is beyond the scope of the tribunal. It said China’s rejection of arbitration is in line with international law and that China and the Philippines have previously agreed to settle territorial disputes through negotiations.
The Philippines filed the case in January 2013. The tribunal has invited China to respond by December 15. Xu said the publication of the paper was not linked to the deadline but had taken time to draw up.
China claims virtually the entire South China Sea, including waters and islands that the Philippines and four other Asian nations also say are theirs.

Black money: No fishing expedition  says Switzerland'India must offer at least a prima facie proof of tax fraud'
Mumbai, Dec 7:  
As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any ‘fishing expedition’ and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.
Switzerland’s Ambassador to India Linus von Castelmur also said the past cannot be undone, while promising full support of his country in cases where at least some proof is provided on tax frauds.
He, however, agreed that all the money deposited in Swiss banks might not have always been ‘taxed money’ in the past, as Switzerland was a major destination for several decades when money would flow in from different sources.
The Ambassador said cooperation by Swiss authorities cannot take place on the basis of stolen lists of account holders and would need independent probes by Indian agencies and at least a prima facie proof of tax frauds.
“We understand and appreciate India’s concerns on the matter. We need clear understanding on the issue,” Castelmur told PTI in an interview here.
“I think one part of the issue is dealing with the past and Switzerland was destination for several decades where money flowed in from difference sources and that was no always a tax money,” he said.
“When we look from present and future, we see that problem will be solved,” said Castelmur, who was here for an award function where industrialist Azim Premji was given a Swiss honour for inspirational and socially responsible leadership.
The issue of black money suspected to be stashed abroad, including in Swiss banks, has been a matter of intense debate in India for years.
The matter has been in focus recently with the Opposition parties accusing the government of going back on its promise to bring back black money from overseas within 100 days of its coming to power.
A Supreme Court monitored Special Investigation Team is looking into ways to tackle the black money menace, while the government recently said it has reached a major breakthrough in the form of a new agreement with the Swiss authorities for cooperation on sharing of details about alleged black money holders in Swiss banks.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

You can buy Burdwan University admission kits at the post officeYou can buy Burdwan University admission kits at the post office
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Dec 7:  
The online programmes cell of the University of Burdwan in West Bengal has tied up with post offices that will allow students pursuing online programmes to buy admission kits and pay course fees at these post offices across the State.
It has collaborated with the Department of Posts in this regard.
In the current phase, tie ups have been entered into with over 160 post offices where these online admission kits can be obtained.
The list of post offices that are equipped to facilitate BU Online admissions are available on the website of the University ( www.buonline.ac.in ).
Apart from purchasing the admission kit, students can also pay their course fee at the post office. The campaign runs until the closing of the current admission season – 31st December 2014.
The Online Programmes include video lectures also available on mobile phones and tablets PCs apart from laptops and desk-tops. Students can also opt for textbook materials to supplement the video content.
Most of the University's courses are also available in Bengali; and provide classroom-like experience through interactive virtual classrooms. Exams however, will be in the traditional method.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Modi appears favourite to win  Time Person of the Year  pollModi appears favourite to win 'Time Person of the Year' poll
PTI
Tweet
New York, Dec 7:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi appears favourite to win the ‘Time Person of the Year’ poll, leading the online voting with a comfortable margin ahead of Ferguson protesters as voting closed for the annual honour.
Modi was the front-runner with 16.2 per cent votes, followed by Ferguson protesters who got 9.2 per cent votes at the time the polls closed midnight last night.
While Time magazine’s editors will choose the ‘Person of the Year’, the winner of the readers’ poll will be announced on December 8.
The annual honour, bestowed by the magazine since 1927, goes to the person who “most influenced the news” during the year “for better or worse’’.
In a separate “Face-off” poll, Modi has been pitted against Indonesia’s new president Joko Widodo.
In this poll also, Modi has maintained a significant lead and garnered 69 per cent votes against Widodo’s 31 per cent.
At the third position was 18-year-old student activist Joshua Wong, who has become the face of Hong Kong’s pro-democracy protests.
He had got seven per cent of the votes cast, followed by Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai with 4.9 per cent votes.
US President Barack Obama could not make it to the top 10 slots and was trailing with 2.2 per cent votes at the 11th position.
The Ferguson protesters had temporarily taken the lead from Modi last week as people around the US demonstrated against a grand jury’s decision not to indict white police officer Darren Wilson who shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in August.
But Modi, “seen by many in India and around the world as having the potential to reinvigorate the country’s economy’’, soon regained the lead in the online poll.
Modi is among 50 global leaders, business chiefs and pop icons named as contenders for the honour.
The other candidates in the fray for the title are Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei, Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, ISIS chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Chinese President Xi Jinping, US Secretary of State John Kerry and former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
Among the business chiefs and artists in the fray are Amazaon CEO Jeff Bezos, Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba founder Jack Ma, GM’s first female CEO Mary Barra, Apple CEO Tim Cook and singers Beyonce, Taylor Swift, reality star Kim Kardashian and actress Jennifer Lawrence.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

China to Chennai: A Tamil Radio that bridges twoculturesBy: Press Trust of India | Beijing |
Posted: December 7, 2014 1:18 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 1:33 pm
25-year-old Chinese broadcast journalist Liao Liang speaks Tamil with such a fluency that will make a native speaker of the language feel envious. Liao, who works in the Tamil Department of the state-run China Radio International (CRI) introduces herself on the show as ‘Poongothai’, a name that has become an integral part of her multi-lingual identity and to her listeners in India and around the world.
At the over 70-year-old China Radio, she is part of a 20-odd member Tamil language broadcast team, which includes mostly Tamil-speaking Chinese employees along with a few native speakers hailing from India. Meet Liao and she would greet you with a ‘vanakkam’ and her hands folded in the Indian gesture. She says, “knowing Tamil lets her understand and connect with people of India.”
“I learned this language out of sheer curiosity. I know it’s a difficult language with a tough grammar but I wanted to learn it. And, so I enrolled myself at a university, where my Tamil (Indian) teacher gave me my Tamil name. And, from there my journey began,” Liao told PTI here.
Born in the city of Quzou in Zhejiang, an eastern coastal province, she moved to Beijing to pursue an undergraduate diploma course in Tamil from the Communication University of China, and after graduation in 2011 joined CRI. Together with her colleague, K Manikandan, a Tamil Nadu native, who has been working with CRI in Beijing for the past one year, they have been working on a radio show on the recent visit of a 100-member Indian Youth Delegation to China.
“We interacted with the Tamil members in the delegation and many were surprised to see a Chinese girl speaking their (Tamil) language, and that too with such ease. For me, personally, it meant connecting with them on a personal level and they also felt happy about it,” Liao said.
Sanjana Konduru, a student of Women’s Christian College in Chennai, who part of the delegation said, “Though I had heard about the Tamil radio from China, I never could imagine its scale and reach, until now. I am now looking forward to hear the show (on the delegation).”
“We (Tamil service) broadcast to India every day. Now, we are trying to broadcast the show on the delegation visit soon,” Manikandan said. Established in 1941 during the civil-war era, CRI broadcasts in over 60 languages from its multi-storey headquarters in west Beijing. On December 3, the network marked it 73rd birth anniversary.

Trai recommendations on 3G spectrum by JanuaryTrai recommendations on 3G spectrum may be out by early January
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 03.42AM IST
Tags:
3G spectrum
(Sectoral regulator Trai…)
NEW DELHI: Sectoral regulator Trai is expected to give recommendations for base price and valuation of 3G spectrum by early January as the government plans to auction the airwaves along with 2G sale scheduled in February.
"There is an open house discussion on December 22 on the issue and the recommendations can be out by the first two weeks of January or earlier," a source in Trai said.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) has issued a consultation paper on valuation and reserve price of spectrum in 2100 MHz band, used for 3G services, on December 2.
The Department of Telecom had on October 16 asked Trai to give recommendations for reserve price of spectrum in 2100 MHz, 2300 MHz and 2500 MHz bands. DoT though on November 27 asked Trai to expedite the process for 2100 MHz band pricing.
"Trai will give the recommendations of 2100 MHz first and later work on 2300 Mhz and 2500 MHz bands," the source said.
Telecom companies as well as the regulator have been of the view that the auction should take place only when adequate spectrum is made available, and the bidding should be held simultaneously for both the services - 2G and 3G.
The Department of Telecom is in talks with the Defence Ministry for the vacation of spectrum in 2100 MHz band and there are three possible scenarios under deliberation.
In case one, if no spectrum is released by the Defence, then auction can't be conducted in this band.
The second scenario is that it releases 5 MHz in 17 circles, in that case one block of 5 MHz spectrum will be available for auction in 17 circles.
The third scenario could be the Defence swapping 2100 MHz spectrum with 1900 MHz. In that case, in addition to 5 MHz spectrum in 17 circles, it may release 15 MHz on pan-India basis by swapping 2100 Mhz spectrum with 1900 Mhz.
The Defence had released 20 MHz out of 25 MHz in 2100 MHz band allocated to DoT under the agreement with Defence on a pan-India basis and one more block of 5 MHz in 5 circles, which was auctioned in 2010.
Under the agreement with DoT, the remaining spectrum is to be vacated only after the alternate communication network is completed.
The next round of spectrum auction is proposed to be held in February and the government is estimated to garner at least Rs 9,355 crore from sale of radiowaves.
As per estimates, auction of spectrum in 2100 Mhz band in February can fetch bids worth at least Rs 5,000 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi cab rape case: Not  safest ride in the world   Uber s image takes a big hitUber's image takes big hit, it's not 'safest ride in the world'
Pranav Dixit , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 12:44 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:17 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
On its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the "safest rides in the world" by "setting the strictest safety standards possible."
The Uber smartphone app, used to book taxis using its service, is pictured over a parking lot. (AFP photo)
But it's unclear what Uber does to ensure the safety of passengers in India. The company's website provides no country-specific information.
When contacted, Uber provided Hindustan Times with a boilerplate statement, which says that it works with "licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform."
Online cab companies drop the ball on key safety feature
It's unclear who these partners are and whether Uber does any background checks or police verification on the drivers it employs in India.
As a passenger, this is troubling. When you take an Uber, your driver knows your full name, your phone number and exactly where you live.
Unlike radio taxi services like Meru, which employ standalone GPS systems in their cars, Uber relies solely on the built-in GPS on the smartphones it provides to its drivers. This means that going off the grid is as simple as turning off the phone."
At least in the case where a woman executive in Delhi was raped allegedly by a Uber cab driver , police have confirmed that there was no mandatory verification done before hiring him.
The accused is still on the run and the police could not access his call records as the server is located in the US.
Uber, which just closed a second billion-dollar-plus round of funding this year, and is now valued at more than $40 billion, has always shrugged off responsibility by maintaining that it is not a car company but a technology company: it owns no vehicles, only software, and is thus simply a platform that brings drivers and people who want to be driven together.
Uber's controversial record in the US
In the United States, Uber has a three-step criminal background screening process with county, federal and multi-state checks that go back seven years. The company also requires users to rate every driver after a ride and provide feedback, which, it insists, is anonymous. Drivers that consistently rate low are terminated.
Despite these safeguards, there have been multiple incidents of Uber drivers sexually assaulting passengers . In 2013, an Uber driver in Washington DC was arrested for allegedly raping a 20-year-old passenger though there were no charges pressed. In April this year, an Uber driver in Chicago was charged for fondling a customer.
In the United States, Uber tacked on a $1 "Safe Rides Fee" to its UberX fare earlier this year.
On its blog, Uber says: This fee supports the increased costs associated with our continued efforts to ensure the safest platform for Uber riders and drivers. Those include Federal, state and local background checks, regular motor vehicle screenings, driver safety education, current and future development of safety features in the app, and more. In the US, the Safe Rides Fee is always $1 USD. In Canada, it is $1 CAD.

Modi meets CMs in Delhi  discusses restructuring of plan panelPM Modi meets CMs, discusses plan panel revamp
Agencies  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 12:55 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 16:39 IST(7/12/2014)
Comments
Chief ministers of Uttar Pradesh and Tamil Nadu asked for more say for states in policy formulation at the meeting for the revamp of the Planning Commission chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday.
UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said the new entity should be a transparent and impartial mechansim which would focus on the basic elements of socialism.
Tamil Nadu chief minister O Panneerelvam welcomed PM Modi's proposal to bring states to the centre of the development process.
The states were particularly 'at the mercy' of the Central departments, and were not treated as equal partners in governance and development process, "but as mere local supplicants," Panneerselvam said.
The Prime Minister in his Independence Day speech had  had announced that the Commission, set up in 1950 at a time when government gave public sector the commanding heights of economy, would be abolished and replaced with a more relevant institution.
Congress-ruled Arunachal Pradesh however  opposed the move to do away with the Planning Commission, saying it is a "national spirit" that must be continued.
Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Nabam Tuki described the plan panel as a single window for small states to air grievances on issues like regional aspirations and centre-state disputes
Jammu and Kashmir CM Omar Abdullah and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee skipped the meeting. State finance minister Amit Mitra is representing West Bengal.
Earlier during the day, the Planning Commission suggested that its replacement body should be structured to meet the need of changing economic paradigm and comprise sectoral experts and states' representative.
In her presentation before the group comprising Modi and chief ministers, Planning Secretary Sindhushree Khullar said that the new institution may have 8-10 regulars or executive members with half of them representing the states.
Khullar in her presentation suggested that the new institution would have functions including monitoring and evaluation; programme project and scheme evaluation; cross-sectoral and inter-ministerial expertise and appraisal and monitoring of projects.
It is has been suggested that the new body would advise the Prime Minister on matters referred to it. Besides, it should act as think-tank and have network with universities and other institutions.
The new body could provide internal consultancy services to states and the Centre on different matters. It could also be used to design medium and long-term strategy.
"We will very soon set up a new institution in place of Planning Commission...the internal situation of the country has changed, global environment has changed... We need an institution of creative thinking and for optimum utilisation of youth capability," Modi had said.
The Commission had held meetings with experts to discuss the structure of the new institution that would ultimately replace it.
(With inputs from PTI)

Omar Abdullah and Mamata Banerjee to skip PM s meet with Chief MinistersOmar Abdullah and Mamata Banerjee to skip PM s meet with Chief Ministers
Recalibrating for a world of cheaper oilDecember 5, 2014 4:56 pm
Recalibrating for a world of cheaper oil
John Redwood
A lower crude price means very different things in different regions
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c7d5f932-799f-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mortgage lenders to speak with one voiceMortgage lenders to speak with one voice
James Pickford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/99d26680-7c7c-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SFO wins convictions under new bribery lawSFO gains its first convictions under new UK bribery law
Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4798e8be-7ca2-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sony employees receive email threat from hackersLOS ANGELES, December 6, 2014
Updated: December 6, 2014 09:58 IST
Sony employees receive email threat from hackers
Reuters
A view of Sony Pictures Entertainment headquarters in Culver City, California.
TOPICS
USA
Employees at Sony Pictures Entertainment received threatening emails on Friday that claimed to be from the group that carried out a massive cyber attack at the Hollywood film studio.
The email said it came from GOP, the shorthand for "Guardians of Peace," the group that claimed responsibility for the hacking of Sony that began on November 24, a Sony spokesman said.
The attack crippled the studio's computer network and exposed sensitive data. The identity of the Sony hackers has not been determined, and it was not clear if the emails came from the same group.
The FBI, one of the U.S. government agencies probing the hacking, "is aware of threatening emails that have been received by some employees at Sony Pictures Entertainment," FBI spokesman Joshua Campbell said in a statement.
The emails could be from copycats purporting to be the hackers who had obtained the addresses of Sony employees from the gigabytes of data leaked over the Internet, said Marc Maiffret, chief technology officer of cyber security firm BeyondTrust.
The emails could mark the first high-profile follow-on attempt to harass the company by other parties. Fraudsters are likely to use other stolen data including Social Security numbers, salaries, mailing addresses and proprietary information about the company's operations to attempt to engage in a wide variety of scams for a long time, he added.
Sony has hired security firm FireEye Inc and its Mandiant forensics unit to investigate the hacking.

The wait for cheaper bank loans could end soonThe wait for cheaper bank loans could end soon
Beena Parmar
The Hindu The reduction in retail deposit rates signals a downward cycle for lending rates going forward.
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
The wait for India Inc to borrow at softer interest rates is likely to end in a few months with banks cutting deposit rates and central bank indicating policy rate cut early next year.
Bankers have maintained that to pare lending rates, the deposit rates need to fall before banks can be comfortable in cutting lending rates.
The country’s biggest banker State Bank of India has cut the retail term deposit rates for deposits below Rs 1 crore with effect from December 8.
Private sector lenders ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank on Wednesday reduced interest rates on retail term deposits.
Effective from November 28, ICICI Bank has reduced the interest rate on retail term deposits with maturity between 390 days and two years by 25 basis points to 8.75 per cent. Following this revision, the bank now offers a maximum of 8.75 per cent interest on term deposits of less than Rs 1 crore (from 9 per cent earlier).
“Deposit rates are coming down as there is lot of liquidity in the market,” KN Reghunathan, General manager, Treasury, Union Bank of India.
Most public and private sector banks have cut their term deposit rates. The reduction in retail deposit rates signals a downward cycle for lending rates going forward. India Inc has been demanding a monetary policy rate cut to reduce lending interest rates.
“Deposit rates have already reduced by about more than 50 bps and it will further go down in the next six months. If we see some reduction in the next policy, only then the yields (on G-secs) would see further decline but they will remain at around the 7.9 per cent level or below 8 per cent till next policy,” said a public sector bank official.
In the April 2012 to July 2013 period, when the RBI slashed repo rate by 125 basis points, banks banks cut their base rates, leading to lending rates.
In the monetary policy on Tuesday, the Reserve Bank of India said it could ease the policy early next year provided inflationary pressures do not reappear and the government controls the fiscal deficit.
Post policy, the Finance Ministry in a statement said it looked forward to the RBI's support in "the revival of growth and employment" while adding it would work with the RBI on reducing inflationary expectations and reviving investment and growth.
At present, companies are borrowing funds by issuing short term bonds at an interest of below banks’ base rate. However, the market is unlikely to see a major increase, a private sector bank official said.
Experts say though the borrowing from the corporate bond market is seeing some growth it still needs to be developed.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Jaitley: More steps to rationalise subsidies on anvilFinance Minister Arun Jaitley (left) speaks at the 'India Economic Conclave' in New Delhi on Saturday. Also seen are Sunil Bharti Mittal, Chairman, Bharti Enterprises (right), and Narayana Murthy, Founder, Infosys. -- PTI
New Delhi, Dec 6:  
Assuring India Inc of the NDA’s commitment to carry forward economic reforms, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the Government will come out with more steps to rationalise subsidies.
“I had a series of meeting with the Expenditure Management Commission. They are effectively working on some very valuable suggestions with regard to rationalisation of subsidies...
“In the next few, even months...may be earlier than that they will be able to come out with some interim recommendations to us so that we can proceed with rationalisation in that direction”, Jaitley said.
Recalling the Government’s decision to link diesel prices with the market price, the Minister told the India Economic Conclave said that it would help in reducing the subsidy burden of the Government.
Besides, the Government has recently decided to give direct cash subsidy on pilot basis to LPG customers in select cities.
The Centre had set up a Commission under former RBI Governor Bimal Jalan to suggest steps to rationalise subsidy and help the Government in effectively bringing down the fiscal deficit.
The Government currently provides various kinds of subsidies, which run into lakhs of crores of rupees. It was pegged at Rs 2.51 lakh crore for 2014-15.
Jaitley expressed confidence that the Government would be able to push the insurance and GST Bills in the current session of Parliament.
On the Government’s views on a joint session of Parliament to push the bills as it does not have a majority in the Rajya Sabha, he said: “We don’t want to use the last resort of a joint session for legislations. But if it becomes inevitable that’s a constitutional remedy.”
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

Sunday ET | The inherent irony of social mediaIn the physical world, serious charges brought against innocent individuals have legal remedies. The cyberworld has no such panaceas.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Harish Nambiar
At the 2011 Jaipur Literary Festival, Turkish Nobel laureate Orhan Pamuk was asked one of those stupid questions that are occupational hazards for most writers. Was the theme of The Museum of Innocence that philosophical love is deeper than physical love? "That depends on the penetration," Sufi-land's Pamuk responded, pat, from all accounts.
But the good news is that the land of Kamasutra has started to score on penetration in the virtual playground of philosophical, physical and political love and hate that is the social media. India's online population will touch 283.8 million by 2016, overtaking the US at 264.9 million in the same period, according to US-based EMarketer. By 2018, India will have 346.3 million internet users compared with the US' 274.1 million. China will continue to retain its top slot with a little over 700 million by 2016 and 777 million by 2018, but most of the users will be much older than Indians.
A more gung-ho report by Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and IMRB International predicts that India will overtake the US as the country with the world's second-largest internet user base before New Year Eve.
Ripple Effects
A majority of Indians are connected to the internet via their mobile phones, riding on broadband connections offered by telecom companies. It is a platform for reactive, knee-jerk responses supporting or declaiming lies and half-truths or innocuous happenings, all of which amplify into a cacophony. Often with disastrous results that leave lives shattered.
Two incidents in the last month are examples. A video of two sisters from Haryana's Rohtak showed some rarest of rare images: two brave young girls fighting off purported male molesters in a bus with belts. As soon as the video went viral, the state's newly elected chief minister announced a cash reward for the girls and hailed them as exemplars of women resisting demeaning male stalkers. In due course, it was announced that the sisters, Pooja (19) and Aarti (22) would be honoured at the Republic Day Parade.
If there was pathos in the Rohtak sisters warding off male cretins, there was bathos in a second video that too went viral and also involved a young woman — Aayenah Pahuja. She was anchoring the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) from Goa for the state-run Doordarshan (DD) and made some laughable gaffes including calling the governor of Goa the governor of India and failing to identify some of the biggest stars of the film festival whom she interviewed with inane questions. Pathos and bathos switched sides in a few days.
A series of updates on the girls from Rohtak, gleefully tagged Bravehearts, brought out a less heroic tale. The boys who were beaten up in the bus did not molest them but were pounced upon to settle an argument over bus seats. The Indian Army has already summarily rejected the youngsters from applying on the basis of the viral video and the outrage it evoked. The boys had cleared the preliminary tests but are now facing charges that may be false, if reports of several of the co-passengers of the bus are to be believed.
Thanks to the second video, Pahuja, 24, has been fired by DD. The mountain of ridicule she faced online has traumatised her to the point of feeling suicidal. "My career has been ruined. I am so distressed I have not eaten in four days. My family approached the cybercrime department so the video was taken off but new people keep uploading it," she said.
How does the state regulate the spontaneous outpouring of emotions on social media that affect private lives, often tragically?

China sends water to Maldives amid shortage crisisChina sends water to Maldives amid shortage crisis
IIT  Madras campus placement: Robert Bosch emerges top on day 5Jindal Power moves SC, says being ‘doubly punished’, can’t pay fine
Campus placement season has become better at IIT, Madras with as many as 669 offers being made to their students against 421 made last year. These offers have been made by over 150 companies including Goldman Sachs, Larsen & Toubro, Flipkart, Ola Cabs among others.
Day 5 of the campus placement saw around 18 companies offering jobs to over 80 students from Indian Institute of Technology, Madras.  The maximum jobs were offered by leading global supplier of technology and services, Robert Bosch Engineering & Business Solutions Ltd with 15 IITians being offered job opportunity.
After Roberst Bosch, it was cloud-to-consumer user experience, Photon Interactive that has offered jobs to 8 students.
Afternoon Session (3pm-10pm) | Create infographics
Other noteworthy offers were made by L&T Construction, PwC India and Aruba Networks.
Placement season has been better this year with around 150 companies making as many as 669 offers to around 589 students by day 5 of the campus placement season.
TAGS: IIT Madras
More from industry

Why development along McMahon Line  that separates India from China  matters1962 conflict
(ET Magazine travels to India’s…)
Metak Meyor's shop is a mini supermarket of sorts: it stocks grocery, vegetables, garments (from woollens to belts), footwear, personal care items (lip guards, Vicks VapoRub) and, for good measure, Bacardi Breezer and Bagpiper whisky. And there's that time-honoured symbol of telecommunication on the counter: a phone with an STD connection.
Meyor's crammed mini-mart is like any other you're likely to stumble upon in semiurban and rural India, and even in the farflung suburbs of big metros. The only difference is that this shop is a fair bit in the outbacks — to be precise the 35-year-old Meyor's smallyet-big bazaar is located in Musai, one of India's eastern-most villages that borders China.
Welcome to India's eastern-most administrative circle, Kibithu, nestled in Anjaw district of Arunachal Pradesh. Musai, and six other villages of Anjaw, fall within 15 kilometres of the McMahon Line that separates India from China.
Don't look for the border, though; there's no fencing and the armies on both sides guard their respective areas on the basis of what they perceive is their land. Standing on the bank of the Lohit river in Kibithu, it's difficult for a tourist to figure out which hill belongs to India and which to China — unless, of course, someone like Meyor offers to help you out.
Meyor, like the 260-odd residents of her village, has grown up hearing stories of the Chinese occupation of 1962. "My mother Chingdema is now 80 years old, but she vividly remembers the days when our village fell into the hands of the Chinese army," she says.
Shadows From the Past
In 1962, Brigadier NC Rawlley and his men held back the Chinese aggressors along the 37-km-long Kibithu-Walong stretch for 22 days. But with no road connectivity then to Tezu, the town located 230 km down the road from Walong, the Indian Army faced severe shortages of artillery, ammunition, food and winter clothing; they had little choice but to retreat on November 16, 1962, according to an inscription in Walong's war memorial.
The Chinese army came down to Changwinti, 90 km inside the Indian territory, but returned because there was no road onward. Achutso Chaitom, an 11-year-old lad then, saw the Chinese army trekking through the hills on the Indian side.
"The memories of 1962 still haunt us. But we are cent percent Indians and we don't want to be second-class citizens of China," says Chaitom, now the gaon burah (which literally means the 'eldest man') of Mechong village in Changwinti.
Then again, there is someone like Tope Meyor in Walong who says it does not really matter whether his house and his farm belong to India or China. "If it is written in our fate that we will be under Chinese occupation someday, we have to accept it," says Tope.
Akhraiso Ngadong from Towa village has a different take. "We have heard that China claims Arunachal Pradesh as its own. But we are not scared. The Indian Army is guarding us day and night," says Ngadong who works as a clerk in the state education department and rides his two-wheeler to attend office at Hayuliang, 22 km from his village.
  State of Affairs
Such a transection of opinion is valuable in a state that China claims as its own; in a state where the Chinese army is said to periodically cross to the Indian side; and in a state to which China has managed to stall funding for development, and continues with such attempts (see Why the McMahon Line Matters).
Whilst China has its strategic reasons for laying claim to Arunachal, it wouldn't be unfair to say that for many Indians, the state is just an appendage on a large map: it's too distant, too alien to comprehend and accept as a part of the collective Indian consciousness (whatever that may be); and that's reflected in the rising number of attacks on the 'outsiders' from Arunachal (as well as other parts of the northeast).
Arunachal, which is almost as large as West Bengal and larger than states like Punjab, Haryana and Himachal at almost 84,000 sq km, is distant — and the borders even more so.
This writer reached the border villages on Day 3 after crossing the Lohit river by ferry and travelling about 450 km from the Dibrugarh airport in Assam. There were two night halts, one at Tezu and the other at Hawai, the newly-built district headquarters of Anjaw.
Most of the villagers in the border areas wear their patriotism on their sleeve, never losing an opportunity to remind this writer that they are Indians. The lack of development and the fear of incursions are irritants but not large enough to upset their state of mind.
As one of the women in the border villages summed it up, quite simply: "How can we be unhappy when we have these hills and this river?"

Jet likely to drop plan to transfer ATR turboprop fleet to JetLiteJet likely to drop plan to transfer ATR turboprop fleet to JetLite
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 07, 2014 11:05 AM IST
Jet Airways will likely drop a plan to transfer the airline's ATR turboprop aircraft fleet to its subsidiary JetLite for now. The move has been prompted by regulatory complexities and costs issues, a person familiar with the development said.
Jet currently has 18 ATRs in its fleet, which cater to the airline's regional routes, while JetLite has a total fleet of 11 Boeing 737 planes.
"Jet Airways had plans to transfer its entire fleet of ATR aircraft to its subsidiary airline JetLite. This was part of the airline's overall profitability plan. However, after toying with the idea for quite some time, it has dropped the plan due to technical reasons and cost issues," this person said on condtion of anonymity.
"In this case, all the 18 aircraft would have to be deregistered first and sent out to the lessor and then registered again. Besides, the process also involves huge costs. Therefore, the airline has at this stage decided to not to go ahead with the plan," the source said.
When contacted, the private carrier said that evaluation of the fleet vis-a-vis planned deployment was a routine exercise.
"At Jet Airways we continually evaluate our fleet vis-a-vis planned deployment across our operational network, with a sharp focus on profitability. Our ATR fleet is also part of this evaluation and we will be in a position to share the details once we arrive at any decision," a Jet Airways spokesperson said in response to a text message.
The Naresh Goyal-promoted airline and JetLite - formerly Air Sahara which was bought out by Jet in 2007 -- operate under two different air operator permits and the transfer of aircraft from one airline to another airline involves a complex process, sources said.
Airline chairman Naresh Goyal had earlier said that Jet Airways was looking at restructuring the fleet.
"We are looking at it. We may sell our surplus aircraft or return them to lessors. We are finding out what is the most economical way to go forward. We will be announcing all this soon," Goyal had said a few months ago.
Jet Airways, in which Gulf carrier Etihad holds 24 per cent stake, aims to turn profitable by 2017.
It suffered a loss of Rs 4,130 crore in 2013-14, but had cut it down by almost 96% to Rs 43 crore in the September quarter of this fiscal, as against Rs 999 crore in the second quarter of FY14.

Sahara to sell Mumbai  Jodhpur land for Rs 1...Sahara to sell Mumbai, Jodhpur land parcels for Rs 1,251 crore
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 12.08PM IST
Tags:
M3M India Ltd
(After selling land in Gurgaon…)
NEW DELHI: After selling land in Gurgaon for Rs 1,211 crore recently, Sahara group is believed to have finalised two more land parcels deals - one in Mumbai and another in Jodhpur - for over Rs 1,250 crore.
Besides, talks are in final stages for sale of another land parcel by Sahara group in Pune, sources said.
Similar to the Gurgaon land deal, which is probably the biggest so far this year in the national capital region, all the three land parcels may be sold to the local real estate developers in the respective cities.
The land sales are part of the group's efforts to raise funds to secure release of its chief Subrata Roy from Tihar Jail, where he is lodged since March 4 in a case related to alleged non-refund of money collected from investors for certain bonds even as the group claims to have repaid over 93 per cent of the outstanding amount directly to investors.
The group has also maintained that the amount already deposited with the regulator Sebi exceeds the pending dues.
In Gurgaon, Sahara has sold 185 acres of land to M3M India Ltd , which plans to use for 'mixed-use development' and would pay the group the entire money in six instalments.
The deal was announced last Thursday within days of the Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for Roy's release.
These four properties include land in Chauma (Gurgaon), Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai (in Mumbai).
Sources said that the Vasai land is being sold for Rs 1,111 crore, while that in Jodhpur for another Rs 140 crore.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property for Rs 411.8 crore, which has gone into Sebi account.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
The group had earlier deposited Rs 3,117 crore with Sebi, followed by another amount of Rs 411.82 crore raised through sale of an Ahmedabad property.
FEATURED ARTICLES

More than 900 one-person cos come up in 7 mo...business services segment
(India has seen setting up…)
NEW DELHI: India has seen setting up of over 900 one-person companies, with more than half in the business services segment , in the seven months since April 1 when norms for establishing such entities came into force.
One Person Company (OPC), which as the name suggests can have only a single member, is a first of its kind concept introduced in the Companies Act. Provisions pertaining to this particular class of entities came into effect from April 1.
"Up to October 31, 2014, a total number of 911 One Person Companies (OPC) were registered with collective authorised capital of Rs 19.86 crore," as per latest data compiled by the Corporate Affairs Ministry , which is implementing the Companies Act.
During the April-October period, a maximum number of 526 OPCs have been set up in business services, followed by 106 entities in community, personal and social services, 74 firms in trading and another 73 in manufacturing segment.
In October alone, 165 such entities were established and together their authorised capital stood at Rs 3.76 crore.
OPCs are expected to facilitate easier access to funding sources for entrepreneurs.
Many nations, including the United States , China and Singapore allow business to be structured as OPCs.
The total number of active companies was more than 9.97 lakh at the end of October whereas the overall count of registered firms stood at more than 14.27 lakh.
According to the Ministry, over 2.61 lakh companies shut down while 1.41 lakh entities did not file statutory annual filings for three years consecutively till October end.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Skipping PM Modi s meet on Planning Commission against nation s interest  says Devendra FadnavisDec 07, 2014 at  12:14pm IST
Skipping PM Modi's meet on Planning Commission against nation's interest, says Devendra Fadnavis
39
0
New Delhi: Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday hit out at chief ministers for skipping the Planning Commission meet by saying that it was against the interest of the nation.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called a meeting with Chief Ministers on the structure and role of the new body that will replace the Planning Commission at his residence 7 Race Course Road in the national capital.
Fadnavis said, "Why they are doing this, only they would know. Whatever the reason, I feel the Prime Minister 's meet is a very important one, and skipping it is against the interest of the nation."
#planning commission #narendra modi #devendra fadnavis #mamata banerjee
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee who has been at loggereheads with the Bharatiya Janata Party over Burdwan blasts and Saradha scam investigations, will be skipping the meet. The state's Finance Minister Amit Mitra will be attending on her behalf.
Even Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah will not attend it and he has cited Assembly elections as the reason for it.
As far as the name is concerned, the view within the government is that it could be called KARMA which stands for Knowledge And Reforms Management Agency which will be picking up best practices of various countries abroad.
Sources said the new panel is likely to be a small core team of knowledge experts and monitoring and evaluation of the body will require the Prime Minister's supervision. The new body is likely to play the role of a think tank and will be providing consultancy services to both Centre and the state, sources added.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his Independence Day speech had announced that the Commission would be abolished and replaced with a more relevant institution. Since then the Commission has held several meetings with experts to discuss the new structure of the proposed institution.
Country's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru had set up the Planning Commission to steer the nation's economic destiny at that time.
Set up by a Cabinet Resolution, the Commission has enjoyed power and prestige with Prime Minister as its Chairman. Its most important functions have been fixing targets for sectoral growth and allocate resources.
The Deputy Chairman of the Commission has often been a political stalwart holding the rank of a Cabinet Minister.
Gulzarilal Nanda, VT Krishnamachari, C Subramaniam, PN Haksar, Manmohan Singh, Pranab Mukherjee, KC Pant, Jaswant Singh, Madhu Dandavate, Mohan Dharia and RK Hegde had been deputy chairman at different points of time.
Montek Singh Ahluwalia was the last deputy chairman.
5

RBI to Ease Rates by 0.5 Per Cent in 2015  First Cut Likely in February: Morgan StanleyHi Guest
RBI to Ease Rates by 0.5 Per Cent in 2015, First Cut Likely in February: Morgan Stanley
New Delhi : The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to lower policy rates by 50 basis points in 2015 with the first rate cut likely as early as February next year on the back of slowing inflation, global brokerage firm Morgan Stanley said.      ...

North Korea says pro-Pyongyang supporters behind Sony cyber attackBy: Press Trust of India | Seoul |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:39 pm
A crippling cyber attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment may have been the work of pro-North Korean supporters, and allegations that the isolated country was to blame are “wild rumour”, state media said on Sunday.
An article in the state KCNA news agency said North Korea had “called on the world” to defend it from a forthcoming Sony Pictures Entertainment comedy, ‘The Interview,’ which features a plot to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. North Korea has described the film as an “act of war”.
“The hacking into Sony Pictures might be a righteous deed of the supporters and sympathisers with the DPRK in response to its appeal,” the article said, using the official DPRK acronym for North Korea.
The article denounced South Korea for “floating the false rumour that the North was involved in the hacking”, and warned the United States that “there are a great number of supporters and sympathizers with the DPRK all over the world”. It said ‘Guardians of Peace’, a previously unknown hacking gang which has taken responsibility for the attack, was one such group. A North Korean diplomat has denied Pyongyang was behind the attack that was launched last month but a U.S. national security source said it was a suspect.
Pyongyang has active cyber-warfare capabilities, military and software security experts have said. Much of it is targeted at the South, technically still in a state of war with North Korea. The attack exposed a trove of internal data, including salaries and Social Security numbers, and shut down the computer systems at the entertainment arm of Sony Corp.

Chevrolet India offers discounts of up to Rs 85 500 on MPV Enjoy  Beat  othersBMW, Mercedes shift gears
Just before the end of 2014, Chevrolet is offering attractive deals and offers to clear the remaining stock for this year. Stock clearing sale is not an exception and every year manufacturers present some good deals for buyers. Chevrolet is offering benefits and discounts of upto INR 85,500. This scheme includes added exchange bonus, cash discounts, loyalty bonus and corporate discounts for the month of December only. The offer is available for the entire Chevrolet line up except for Captiva SUV. The offer is valid in all 255 dealerships of Chevrolet across the country.
Rajesh Singh, Vice President, Sales, Marketing and Service, General Motors India, stated that the company have thrived to offer customers complete value for their purchase and this the reason that they have announced these delightful offers for customers who chose to own a Chevy this month.
Coming to the offers presented, it is the MPV Enjoy that is offered with maximum benefits of upto INR 85,500. Following it, is the popular hatchback Beat which is offered with benefits of INR 83,000. While the Sail hatchback and Sail sedan comes with a benefit of INR 55,000, both these cars were recently updated. On the other hand, rest of the lineup that comprises of Tavera MPV is giving a benefit of upto INR 55,000. While premium sedan Cruze and small hatch Spark gets a benefit of INR 60,000 and INR 68,000 respectively.
Apart from this, Chevrolet is working hard in making a strong dealer and service base in India. Earlier this year, as an initiative to make a strong hold of customer relations, Chevy India introduced the ‘Chevrolet Complete Care programme’ for its customers. The camp assured low cost maintenance for every customer across India. The company assures a low cost maintenance, exclusive warranty packages, Chevrolet U-First customer centric program and apps, and a round-the-clock 24×7 roadside assistance program which is free for three years with all new car purchases. Company has 272 authorized service outlets to meet the requirement of customers across the country.
Chevrolet is involving more digital applications such as the Chevrolet Service Estimator online tool available on the Chevy India website, that helps the user calculate periodic service costs. Moreover, MyChevroletIndia mobile app was also launched by the company that helped users locate and contact their nearest authorized Chevrolet service facility.
Recently, Chevrolet’s beat crossed the 1 million units sales figure worldwide that have hyped company’s confidence. Beat was first launched in 2009 worldwide and since then, more than 1.80 lac units have been sold in India alone. The small hatch known for its excellent fuel efficiency is retailed in 70 countries. Beat is also the most fuel efficient hatch of the country and is also going to receive a facelift, probably in mid 2015. Same is the case with its premium sedan Cruze that has been a chartbuster worldwide, though it has gained moderate success in India.
TAGS: Chevrolet
More from automobiles

Ashrams run by  godmen  like Rampal centres of terror: BJP6
0
New Delhi: The Bharatiya Janata Party has sought a ban on ashrams run by 'godmen' like Rampal, saying they have become centres of "terror" in the name of faith.
An editorial in the latest issue of party mouthpiece 'Kamal Sandesh' said, "These ashrams which have become centres of terror in the name of faith should be deeply investigated.
"People like Rampal are not born in a day. They spread their network of superstition gradually in the society... There should be a ban on these types of ashrams at the very beginning itself," it said.
"People like Rampal are not born in a day. They spread their network of superstition gradually in the society," said BJP.
#bjp #rampal #ashrams #terror
Questioning as to who should be called a saint or a baba, the journal, edited by BJP Vice President and Rajya Sabha MP Prabhat Jha, said that the kind of exploitation done in the name of superstitions only shows that "we are still living in dark ages".
Though it did not name any 'godman' except Rampal, who was arrested last month after over a two week-long standoff between his supporters and police, but its strong criticism of such ashrams assumes significance because of their wide presence in several states and alleged proximity of some of these 'godmen' with the saffron party.
One ashram, Dera Sacha Sauda which is based in Sirsa and commands large following, had announced its support to the BJP for the state assembly elections. The dera's head is facing several criminal cases.
Police had arrested Rampal after he refused to comply with court's summons, prompting Punjab and Haryana High Court to issue non-bailable warrants against him.
Praising the action of BJP government in Haryana, the editorial said it had sent a message that no one is above law.
11

Sahara to sell Mumbai  Jodhpur land parcels for Rs 1 251 croreDec 07, 2014 at 12:42pm IST
Sahara to sell Mumbai, Jodhpur land parcels for Rs 1,251 crore
27
0
New Delhi: After selling land in Gurgaon for Rs 1,211 crore recently, Sahara group is believed to have finalised two more land parcels deals - one in Mumbai and another in Jodhpur - for over Rs 1,250 crore.
Besides, talks are in final stages for sale of another land parcel by Sahara group in Pune, sources said.
Similar to the Gurgaon land deal, which is probably the biggest so far this year in the national capital region, all the three land parcels may be sold to the local real estate developers in the respective cities.
The group has also maintained that the amount already deposited with the regulator Sebi exceeds the pending dues.
#sahara #subrata roy #tihar jail #sebi
The land sales are part of the group's efforts to raise funds to secure release of its chief Subrata Roy from Tihar Jail, where he is lodged since March 4 in a case related to alleged non-refund of money collected from investors for certain bonds even as the group claims to have repaid over 93 per cent of the outstanding amount directly to investors.
The group has also maintained that the amount already deposited with the regulator Sebi exceeds the pending dues.
In Gurgaon, Sahara has sold 185 acres of land to M3M India Ltd, which plans to use for 'mixed-use development' and would pay the group the entire money in six instalments.
The deal was announced last Thursday within days of the Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for Roy's release.
These four properties include land in Chauma (Gurgaon), Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai (in Mumbai). Sources said that the Vasai land is being sold for Rs 1,111 crore, while that in Jodhpur for another Rs 140 crore.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property for Rs 411.8 crore, which has gone into Sebi account.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
The group had earlier deposited Rs 3,117 crore with Sebi, followed by another amount of Rs 411.82 crore raised through sale of an Ahmedabad property.
1

Police question close associate of Ureb cab driver accused of raping womanDec 07, 2014 at  03:23pm IST
Police question close associate of Uber cab driver accused of raping woman
6
0
Mathura: The police on Sunday were questioning a close associate of the Uber taxi driver in Mathura, who allegedly raped a 25-year-old MNC employee in Gurgaon, sources said.
In her statement, the woman said she hired the cab from Gurgaon on Friday night and fell asleep in the vehicle. The driver allegedly took her to a desolate spot and raped her. The driver allegedly threatened the victim against reporting the crime.
The woman managed to take a photo of the vehicle which helped police trace the car to Mathura. The cab has been impounded and the driver has been identified.
#gurgaon #ureb cab driver #mathura #woman raped
An FIR has been registered in the case at the Sarai Rohilla police station in North Delhi.
Police said it took them time to verify the case's details because of problems they faced with Uber as they had no records of pick-up and drop.
Uber issued a statement saying, "Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. Safety is Uber's highest priority and in India we work with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur."
1

Intex Aqua i5 Octa with a 5-inch display  octa-core processor launched at Rs 7 499more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Ponzi schemes resurface as multi-state cooperative societiesPonzi schemes resurface as multi-state cooperative societies
PTI
Business Line Gullible investors falling pray to different Ponzi schemes. - Photo: Ashoke Chakrabarty
Kolkata, Dec 7:  
After having made themselves scarce for more than a year in West Bengal, Ponzi schemes seem to be back in business in the state under a new garb, that of the ’multi-state cooperative society’
“We recently conducted an inquiry and found that certain organisations, by obtaining registration as a multi-state cooperative credit society (MSCS) from the Centre, are raising money from the common public by promising huge returns.
Neither do they have a no-objection certificate from the state nor any kind of RBI permission,” State Cooperative Minister Jyotirmoy Kar told PTI.
“We suspect that chit-fund companies/Ponzi schemes which used to operate in the eastern states may be using the guise of MSCS to raise money. These companies may be taking advantage of the MSCS Act to evade legal action,” he said.
After the Saradha bubble burst in April, 2013, several Ponzi schemes and chit-fund companies had to wind up their operations as central and state agencies cracked the whip amid protests by lakhs of defrauded investors.
MSCS is cooperative society which operates in more than one state and has a minimum of 50 members in one state.
According to officials of the state cooperative department, the MSCS acts as a good option for chit-fund companies as it more or less matches their pattern of collecting money and operations.
Kar said the matter first came to light a few months ago when he received a complaint from a woman in East Midnapore district that a MSCS organisation took Rs 70 lakh with a promise of huge returns but was now untraceable.
“After getting the complaint we started an investigation and found that the address on which the company was registered in Kolkata doesn’t exist at all,” he said.
According to Kar, it was found that around 100 MSCS are functioning in various districts of the state and are raising money from the common people with promises of huge returns on recurring and fixed deposits.
“Out of these MSCSs, no trace is to be found of more than 90. Neither could we trace their officials or their offices in West Bengal. We can’t even take any action as they received their MSCS registration from the Centre,” he said.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

TN pitches for stronger role for states in new body replacing Plan panelTN pitches for stronger role for states in new body replacing Plan panel
PTI
Tweet
Chennai/New Delhi, Dec 7:  
The Tamil Nadu Government today pitched for a stronger role for states in the new institution that will replace the Planning Commission.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his Independence Day speech had announced that the Commission, set up in 1950, would be abolished and replaced with a more relevant institution.
In his address at a meeting in New Delhi convened by the Prime Minister to discuss about the new institution that will replace the Planning Commission, Chief Minister O Panneerselvam recalled that Modi had highlighted the need to bring states to the centre of the development process as the primary motive to replace the Planning Commission.
Besides the Prime Minister and Chief Ministers, the meeting was attended by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
“This is a welcome emphasis. In our constitution, for reasons of administrative efficiency and convenience, more of the taxation powers are vested with the Central Government.
“But the responsibilities for actual delivery of many resource-intensive public services — maintenance of public order, public health, agriculture, education and social security — are vested with the States which are much closer to the people,” he said.
Panneerselvam also criticised the decades-old institution besides Central ministries for being “arrogant and condescending” in their approach to proposals and suggestions from state governments.
The states were particularly “at the mercy’’ of the Central departments, and were not treated as equal partners in governance and development process, “but as mere local supplicants’’, he said.
“It often seems to be forgotten that it is the same people who vote the Central Government to power and also the state governments. It is the same people whom both levels of government need to serve,” he said, while pitching for state Chief Ministers being given representation in the new body to make planning a federally empowered function.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Typhoon Hagupit: Storm weakens  but still potentiallydeadlyBy: Associated Press | Legazpi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:02 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 8:18 pm
Typhoon Hagupit knocked out power, left at least three people dead and sent nearly 900,000 into shelters before it weakened Sunday, sparing the central Philippines the type of massive devastation that a monster storm brought to the region last year.
Shallow floods, damaged shanties and ripped off store signs and tin roofs were a common sight across the region, but there was no major destruction after Hagupit slammed into Eastern Samar and other island provinces.
It was packing maximum sustained winds of 140 kilometers (87 miles) per hour and gusts of 170 kph (106 mph) on Sunday, considerably weaker from its peak power but still a potentially deadly storm, according to forecasters.
The typhoon, which made landfall in Eastern Samar late Saturday, was moving slowly, dumping heavy rain that could possibly trigger landslides and flash floods.
Traumatized by the death and destruction from Typhoon Haiyan last year, nearly 900,000 people fled to about 1,000 emergency shelters and safer grounds. The government, backed by the 120,000-strong military, had launched massive preparations to attain a zero-casualty target.
Rhea Estuna, a 29-year-old mother of one, fled Thursday to an evacuation center in Tacloban- the city hardest-hit by Haiyan- and waited in fear as Hagupit’s wind and rain lashed the school where she and her family sought refuge. When she peered outside Sunday, she said she saw a starkly different aftermath than the one she witnessed after Haiyan struck in November 2013.
“There were no bodies scattered on the road, no big mounds of debris,” Estuna told The Associated Press by cellphone. “Thanks to God this typhoon wasn’t as violent.”
Haiyan’s tsunami-like storm surges and killer winds left thousands of people dead and leveled entire villages, most of them in and around Tacloban.
Nearly a dozen countries, led by the United States and the European Union, have pledged to help in case of a catastrophe from Hagupit (pronounced HA’-goo-pit), disaster-response agency chief Alexander Pama said.
The EU commissioner for humanitarian aid, Christos Stylianides, said a team of experts would be deployed to help assess the damage and needed response.
“The Philippines are not alone as they brace up for a possible hardship,” Stylianides said, adding that the European Commission was “hoping that the impact will be less powerful than a year ago, when Typhoon Haiyan left a devastating imprint on the country.”
Two people, including a baby girl, died of hypothermia in central Iloilo province Saturday at the height of the typhoon, Pama said at a news conference.
Another person died after being hit by a falling tree in the eastern town of Dolores, where the typhoon first made landfall, according to Interior Secretary Mar Roxas. Two women were continued…

Govt mulls making PAN must for registering t...Government mulls making PAN must for registering charitable trusts
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 01.47PM IST
Tags:
CAG
(To keep a tab on funds flowing…)
NEW DELHI: To keep a tab on funds flowing through charitable trusts, the government plans to make it mandatory for such entities to provide their Permanent Account Number (PAN) prior to registration.
The proposal is part of efforts to address various issues raised by the Comptroller & Auditor General (CAG) after its audit on exemptions given to charitable trusts and institutions by tax authorities.
The auditor's report, which was tabled in Parliament in December 2013, had made many observations including that Permanent Account Number (PAN) was not being made compulsory for registration of charitable trusts.
Finance Ministry is now examining the idea of making PAN mandatory for charitable trusts and institutions while getting registered, sources said.
A charitable trust has to get registered under section 12A of the Income Tax Act and in this regard, it has to apply in Form 10A as prescribed under the Income Tax Rules.
At present, Form 10A does not have a column for quoting PAN. As a result, it is not binding on the entity to provide PAN before applying for registration under 12A.
The move also comes at a time when the government is making all efforts to curb illicit fund flows.
Income Tax Department is responsible for enforcing tax exemption provisions and ensure that only genuine and eligible institutions are exempted.
During its audit, CAG had found that the department granted registrations and allowed exemptions to charitable trusts in many cases where PANs were not provided.
Interestingly, it is obligatory for entities to have PAN while filing documents and returns with the tax department.
Meanwhile, the Ministry has already put in place a database of non-profit organisations.
Further, an all India structure for exclusive jurisdiction over non-profit organisations has been created.
Sources said that post restructuring of the Income Tax Department, the exemptions division would be headed by a chief commissioner income tax, based out of the national capital. This individual would have the role of supervising the chief commissioners across the country, they added.
Also, the exemption units would deal with all non-profit organisations, including political parties claiming exemption under section 13A of the Income Tax Act, sources said.
With regard to charitable institutions, various amendments -- to tighten norms mainly pertaining to exemptions -- have also been brought into effect through Finance Act 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US drone kills 9 Taliban fighters: AfghanofficialBy: Associated Press | Kabul |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:38 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 3:39 pm
An Afghan official says a suspected US drone strike has killed nine alleged Pakistani Taliban fighters in a rural village near the border.
Provincial police chief Gen Abdul Habib Sayedkhili said on Sunday that the strike happened on Saturday in Kunar province’s Shigal District.
He says the strike on the village of Shiltan killed a senior Pakistani Taliban commander and wounded one.
The Taliban had no immediate comment about the strike. Taliban fighters from Pakistan and Afghanistan frequently cross the mountainous borders of the two countries to launch attacks on local troops and NATO forces.
In Laghman province, two suspected US drone strikes recently killed four Taliban fighters as well. NATO forces plan to wind down their combat mission in the country at the end of this month.

Ponzi schemes resurface as state co-op socie...Jyotirmoy Kar
(After having made themselves…)
KOLKATA: After having made themselves scarce for more than a year in West Bengal, Ponzi schemes seem to be back in business in the state under a new garb, that of the 'multi-state cooperative society'.
"We recently conducted an inquiry and found that certain organisations, by obtaining registration as a multi-state cooperative credit society (MSCS) from the Centre, are raising money from the common public by promising huge returns. Neither do they have a no-objection certificate from the state nor any kind of RBI permission," State Cooperative Minister Jyotirmoy Kar told PTI.
"We suspect that chit-fund companies/Ponzi schemes which used to operate in the eastern states may be using the guise of MSCS to raise money. These companies may be taking advantage of the MSCS Act to evade legal action," he said.
After the Saradha bubble burst in April, 2013, several Ponzi schemes and chit-fund companies had to wind up their operations as central and state agencies cracked the whip amid protests by lakhs of defrauded investors.
MSCS is cooperative society which operates in more than one state and has a minimum of 50 members in one state.
According to officials of the state cooperative department , the MSCS acts as a good option for chit-fund companies as it more or less matches their pattern of collecting money and operations.
Kar said the matter first came to light a few months ago when he received a complaint from a woman in East Midnapore district that a MSCS organisation took Rs 70 lakh with a promise of huge returns but was now untraceable.
"After getting the complaint we started an investigation and found that the address on which the company was registered in Kolkata doesn't exist at all," he said.
According to Kar, it was found that around 100 MSCS are functioning in various districts of the state and are raising money from the common people with promises of huge returns on recurring and fixed deposits.
"Out of these MSCSs, no trace is to be found of more than 90. Neither could we trace their officials or their offices in West Bengal. We can't even take any action as they received their MSCS registration from the Centre," he said.
According to officials of the state cooperative and registration department, West Bengal has its own cooperative society banks where money may be deposited and withdrawn only by members.
"We have 44 such state cooperative banks which serve only the cooperative society members. They have got the NOC of the state government," said an official.
The Ma Sarada Agro Multi-State Cooperative Credit Society, a Saradha Group company, too, had applied for registration with the Union agricultural ministry in December 2012, which was kept pending, officials said.
Kar said that last year, the agricultural ministry, which gives registration to MSCSs, had noted that such bodies need to get NOCs from the governments of the states in which they operate and asked the registrars of state cooperatives to study the business model of all cooperative societies, particularly those which have a credit disbursal model.
"The registration department of a state cooperative can look within the state but it doesn't have the authority to look into other states as an MSCS has a licence to operate in other states.
"But they need the NOC of the state government to operate. We have not issued NOCs to MSCS but still they are operating and raising money from the people. We don't know whether they have proper permission to raise the money," said Kar.
He said he has written to the Centre asking it to look into the matter and take appropriate steps against these MSCSs.
"I have written to the Centre asking it to take immediate action against these MSCSs. We don't have the authority to act," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets May See Profit-Booking  Inflation  IIP Eyed: ExpertsOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
New Delhi: Indian stocks could see volatility in the near term as investors take cues from inflation and factory output numbers next week, say experts.
Besides, foreign investor activity, the movement of rupee against US dollar and crude oil price would continue to set the tone for trading.
"This week would be a crucial one since participants would be eyeing the release of consumer price index data for November on December 12. On the same day, market would also be awaiting the release of IIP data for October," said Jayant Manglik, president-retail distribution at Religare Securities.
Further, participants would also be keeping a track of development taking place in the current session of Parliament, which commenced on November 24 and is set to conclude on December 23, he added.
Over the past week, the benchmark Sensex fell by nearly 236 points to 28,458.10 - logging its first weekly drop in seven weeks. Last month, the index had gained 828.16 points to hit its all-time high of 28,822.37 on November 28.
Traders said that investors would remain eye further policy announcements.
"Movement of index in near term will consistently remain on further reform initiatives to be taken in the ongoing winter session, IIP, CPI data expected to be announced on Friday," said Vivek Gupta, CMT-director research at CapitalVia Global Research.
"After a week of consolidation, we expect the markets to see some profit bookings in the coming 1-2 trading sessions," Rakesh Goyal, senior vice president at Bonanza Portfolio.
"Market has given positive response to the SAIL Offer for sale which shows, retail risk appetite is still intact. Market optimism and continued FII flows would continue to keep the markets intact."
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 13:04 (IST)

Planning Commission Remodelling: Skipping Modi s Meet against Nation s InterestPlanning Commission Remodelling: Skipping Modi s Meet against Nation s Interest
Delhi woman raped by Uber cabbie; company issues apologyDelhi woman raped by Uber cabbie; company issues apology
Markets on a roll: Sensex scales new peak of 28 765.52  Nifty eyes 8 600By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: November 28, 2014 10:30 am | Updated: November 28, 2014 4:38 pm
Markets gained for the third straight session today with benchmark Sensex surging 255.08 points to 28,693.99 and Nifty rising 94.05 points to 8,588.25, led by banking and auto shares, as hopes of a rate cut by RBI brightened after oil prices tumbled to multi-year lows.
FII buying in bluechips and retail investors picking up midcap shares helped markets cement gains. All eyes are now on quarterly GDP data to be released later. Total investor wealth is within a sniffing distance of Rs 100 lakh crore.
The BSE 30-share barometer Sensex spurted by 255.08 points, or 0.90 per cent, to close at new high of 28,693.99. It broke previous peak 28,499.54 recorded on November 24. Intra-day, it touched a new high of 28,822.37, bettering previous lifetime high of 28,541.96 also hit on November 24.
The Sensex has now gained over 355 points three days.
Gainers in the 30-share Sensex included Tata Steel, Tata Motors, M&M, Maruti Suzuki, Coal India, L&T, Hero MotoCorp, NTPC, Hindalco, HDFC, Wipro, ITC Ltd, Tata Power and RIL.
“Sentiments were buoyed by OPEC’s decision to sustain production levels and the subsequent sharp fall in crude prices. Markets are hoping for a rate cut in the RBI policy meeting next week,” said Dipen Shah, Head of Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Similarly, the NSE Nifty barometer topped the 8,600 mark for the first time to hit life-time high of 8,617.00. It finally settled 94.05 points, or 1.11 per cent, higher at record close of 8,588.25. Thus, it surpassed its earlier closing peak of 8,530.15 touched on November 24.
Banking was the front-runner ahead of RBI monetary policy review next week. SBI led gains by rising over 5 per cent. Others such as ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and HDFC Bank also rose.
Globally, brent crude prices fell to trade at over four-year low of USD 71.21 per barrel in Asian trade. This boosted shares of OMCs, paint makers and airline companies.
Sectorally, BSE Banking index gained the most by rising 2.87 per cent, followed by Auto 1.95 per cent, Realty 1.65 per cent and Consumer Durables 1.16 per cent among others.
Mixed closing at other Asian markets and a lower opening in European markets also influenced trading sentiments here.
Foreign investors bought shares worth net Rs 389.73 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.

Jayant Sinha says govt considering plan to reduce stake to 52 pct in state banksIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
The Indian government is considering a plan to reduce stakes in state-run banks to 52 percent that could enable it to raise about 891.2 billion rupees ($14.39 billion), Jayant Sinha, junior finance minister told lawmakers on Friday.
The government holds stakes ranging from 56 percent to 84 percent in the state-run banks that account for 70 percent of India’s total outstanding loans of about $1 trillion.
“The reduction of government of India share in equity capital of PSBs ( public sector banks) to 52 percent will enable mobilisation of about 891.20 billion rupees,” Sinha said in a written statement.
He said the stake sale will enable the government to scale back its budgetary support for the banks.
India’s 26 state-run banks, which include State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda need as much as $60 billion in new capital over the next few years to meet upcoming global regulations and to build a buffer against rising bad loans.
According to the central bank’s estimates, the government would need to inject as much as 2.4 trillion rupees into state-owned banks by end March 2019 to meet capital requirements including Basel III, provisioning for asset quality, and additional risks.
Officials in the finance ministry say the federal cabinet headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to take a final decision on the issue of stake sale soon.
India’s Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who is concerned about mounting bad assets of the state-run banks – estimated at 2.16 trillion rupees at the end of previous fiscal year – has promised to take steps to improve their performance.
(1 US dollar = 61.9200 Indian rupee)
TAGS: Disinvestment
More from bankingampfinance

Sensex  Nifty log new peaks as tumbling oil price lifts rate cut hopesBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: November 28, 2014 3:19 pm
Scaling a new peak, the total investor wealth in Indian stock market today hit a record high of Rs 100 trillion, marking a jump of ten times in little over a decade.
Measured in terms of total market capitalisation of all listed companies on the country’s biggest bourse BSE, the overall investor wealth in the Indian stock market rose to Rs 100.01 lakh crore in early morning trade at 1005 hours as benchmark Sensex soared by over 300 points in its continuing record rally.
The total market cap of all BSE listed companies had crossed Rs 10 lakh crore mark nearly 11 years ago in 2003, while it has doubled from about Rs 50 lakh crore five years ago in 2009.
The 30 Sensex companies alone, which are among the biggest companies in the country, now account for nearly 50 per cent or about Rs 47 lakh crore of total investor wealth.
This included TCS, the country’s most valued firm and the only entity to have a market value of over Rs 5 lakh crore, followed by state-run ONGC and private sector behemoth Reliance Industries with market caps of over Rs 3 lakh crore each.
Those commanding market cap of over Rs 2 lakh crore include ITC, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI and Coal India. Besides, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Sun Pharma, HUL, Bharti Airtel, L&T, Wipro, Tata Motors, HCL Tech, NTPC and Axis Bank have market cap of over Rs 1 lakh crore each. Among these, ICICI Bank is very close to moving into Rs 2 lakh crore club.
Of the overall stock market wealth, promoters command nearly 50 per cent share, while foreign investors own close to 20 per cent and the rest is shared between institutional and retail investors from India.
“We believe India will use capital market mechanism more over the period to help do wealth creation and job creation,” Chauhan said.
“BSE believes India can create 1.5 crore new jobs every year for next 20 years aggregating to 30 crore jobs using entrepreneurial energy of Indian youth. BSE will continue to act as the catalyst for wealth creation and job creation in times to come,” he added.
The BSE in its endeavour to bring transparency and accuracy to the market has taken several initiatives and has been increasing its market share both in cash and derivative segment. It has also gained leadership in many other products like BSE SME platform and BSE Star MF, a company statement said.
Expressing his views, UBS CEO Aashish Kamat said, “Clearly a momentous landmark. Cements India’s place further as a growing world economic power. I believe this gets India to roughly 2.5 per cent of the world market cap and the 9th largest equity market globally.”
“And if the new government delivers on the economic front then once can see India rise further, given not too many countries are showing the growth/investment potential,” he added.
The BSE received close to 46.5 crore orders on September 16, 2014, highest ever number of order received in a day in the history of the bourse.

Q2 GDP growth slips on weak manufacturing  investmentsBy: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 1:49 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 12:37 pm
Economic growth slowed in the second quarter of the fiscal, dragged down by negligible expansion in manufacturing and no investment activity, raising the clamour for a rate cut by the Reserve Bank in its policy review next week.
Data released by the Central Statistics Office on Friday revealed that gross domestic product (GDP) grew 5.3 per cent in the quarter ended September 30, 2014, as against 5.7 per cent growth clocked in the first quarter of the fiscal. This is almost in line with the 5.2 per cent growth recorded in the second quarter last fiscal.
In a worrying development for the government, which has announced a slew of policies to attract investments including the ‘Make in India’ campaign, gross fixed capital formation (GFCE) — a barometer of investment activity —  did not register any growth in the second quarter of the fiscal. GFCE, which grew 7.2 per cent in the first quarter expanded by only 0.01 per cent in the second quarter.
The data is the last set of inputs for the RBI ahead of its monetary policy review on December 2. Finance minister Arun Jaitley had earlier said that reduction in the cost of capital by the RBI could give a “fillip to the economy”.
In a statement, the finance ministry said, “The Economic Survey 2013-14 had predicted that the growth of GDP to be in the range of 5.4 to 5.9 per cent. In the first half of the year the growth has been 5.5 per cent, which is broadly in line with the projections….”
Commenting on the data, former finance minister P Chidambaram said, “When the government rushed to take credit for the first quarter growth rate of 5.7 per cent, I had cautioned them. All the signs of a sluggish economy were there….” He suggested that the government should identify a few proposed big-ticket investments, foreign or Indian, and resolve all issues and also use the Centre’s “persuasive powers to convince the RBI Governor that a rate cut is an imperative.”
While the farm sector grew 3.2 per cent in Q2 as against 3.8 per cent in the Q1, manufacturing grew a mere 0.1 per cent as against 3.5 per cent in the first quarter. “It was expected that investment activity would take time to pick up but the flat growth is a matter of concern,” said DK Pant, chief economist, India Ratings, warning that a cut in rates by the RBI is unlikely next week.
Industry chambers once again called for a rate cut. CII said, “The RBI should review its status quoist approach….”

IMF lauds WTO decisions on trade facilitation agreement  food securityBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The IMF has said that the WTO decisions on the trade facilitation agreement and public stock holding for food security purposes would provide an opportunity for advancing multilateral trade negotiations in other areas which is essential for global growth.
“I strongly welcome the decisions adopted by the General Council of the World Trade Organization (WTO) on November 27, related to public stock holding for food security purposes, the Trade Facilitation Agreement and the post-Bali work,” IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said.
“These decisions reaffirm the commitment of the international community to an open trade system. They also provide an important opportunity for advancing multilateral trade negotiations in other areas, which is essential to bolster global growth, create jobs and reduce poverty,” Lagarde said in a statement.
Ending months-long deadlock, the WTO on Thursday approved a trade facilitation pact while agreeing to India’s demand for continuing the peace clause till a permanent solution is found to the food stockpiling issue, crucial for continuing food security scheme.
The historic trade facilitation agreement (TFA) would now need to be ratified by governments of individual member countries, including India, for coming into effect which is expected some time next year.
TAGS: IMF World Trade Organization
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Removal of import curbs to improve official supplies: World Gold CouncilRice cultivation in east India is ‘net carbon sink’
With the easing of gold import restrictions, the metal’s supply through official channels will improve and benefit genuine exporters and manufacturers of gold jewellery, World Gold Council said.
The government yesterday scrapped a scheme under which it was mandatory for importers to export 20 per cent of the gold they imported. It was put in place in August 2013 to check high gold imports that had widened the current account deficit.
Welcoming the government’s surprise move, WGC India Managing Director Somasundaram PR said: “The timing of this development though surprising, will definitely boost confidence in general, and in the jewellery industry, in particular.
“The official supply situation must now ease to the benefit genuine exporters and manufacturers of gold jewellery.”
The sharp gold imports in recent months were not triggered by changes in demand estimates but were more likely due to expectation of additional curbs, he added.
Asserting that India should move beyond curbs on gold imports, Somasundaram said: “It is time to re-engage all stakeholders to develop a coherent long term policy on gold that is aligned to the national growth objectives.
“It is imperative, that we find ways of mobilising and monetising the household savings embedded in gold stocks through the formal financial sector for the benefit of the economy as a whole.”
The discussions must focus on how the industry can contribute to the country’s prosperity in the next five years, he added.
WGC maintained that gold demand in India, the world’s largest consumer, in 2014 would be in the 850-950 tonnes range, slightly lower than last year.
TAGS: World Gold Council
More from commodities
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Raghuram Rajan changed views after becoming RBI guv: B N SrikrishnaBy: PTI | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:30 pm
Hitting back at RBI Governor for his views on Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) recommendations, its Chairman B N Srikrishna today said Raghuram Rajan was once in favour of an appellate tribunal but changed his stance after moving to the central bank.
“In his 2009 report ‘A 100 Steps’, Dr Rajan wrote ‘regulatory action should be subject to appeal to the financial sector appellate tribunals’,” Srikrishna said while adding this report was a guiding light for the Commission.
The FSLRC had suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has recommended setting up a unified Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT) that would hear all appeals against financial sector regulators.
It had also suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI, IRDA, FMC and part of RBI.
Rajan had earlier in June had criticised FSLRC recommendations as “somewhat schizophrenic”.
“On the one hand, it emphasises synergies in bringing together some regulators into one entity. But in the process it suggests breaking up other regulators, with attendant loss of synergies,” Rajan had said.
Noting that frictions are welcome and good for liberal democracy, Srikrishna said “reforms unsettles the powerful, hence it ruffles feathers, but it is necessary and must be done”.
Pitching for a change, he said: “Parts of our regulatory machinery have become brittle, fragile or worse completely irrelevant and utterly useless if not downright harmful to our own interest. It is this concern which motivated the proposed reforms,” he said, highlighting the need to change.
Calling for the need to move away from the reliance on “jugaad”, Srikrishna said, “we must reform in anticipation of future crisis, not only in response to past ones.”
He said our institutions need to be truly world class if we aspire for an exponential growth in our economy in the next 15-20 years.

Govt to soon implement many FSLRC recommendations  says Arun JaitleyBy: PTI | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:23 pm
The government will soon implement a large number of legislative and administrative recommendations of the Financial Sector Reforms Commission (FSLRC), which had suggested a major overhauling of financial sector regulations.
“As the change in process of reform continues … I have not the least doubt that a large number of these (FSLRC) recommendations will actually see implementation in the days to come,” Finance Minister Arun Jaitely said at a seminar organised by the ICSI.
The Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC), chaired by Justice B N Srikrishna, has suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI, IRDA, FMC and part of RBI.
Jaitely said four different groups are studying the report and the implementation of the suggestions would require legislative as well as administrative changes.
FSLRC, which submitted its report to the government in March last year, has also given a draft legislation for putting in place an Indian Financial Code (IFC).
Various stakeholders, including RBI, are opposed to certain proposals under the IFC.
Jaitley said, “Some legislative changes will also be required. I think with a combination of these administrative and legislative changes, the professional regulatory mechanism will come to stay.”
The country, Jaitley said, has moved away from state- regulated mechanism to a mechanism where the market is trusted and there are professional regulators to deal with issues in sectors concerned .
“We need to learn, not only from the best practices in India, but from the best global practices. And the Commission’s report is an extremely important step in that direction. Under the present circumstances, there are lots of changes which are required,” he said.
The recommendations of the FSLRC are divided into legislative and non-legislative aspects.
It has recommended a seven-agency structure for the financial sector — the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Unified Financial Agency (UFA),
Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT), Resolution Corporation (RC), Financial Redressal Agency (FRA), Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC) and Public Debt Management Agency (PDMA).

RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to review monetary policy on TuesdayBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:58 pm
It may be sheer coincidence that all monetary policy reviews by RBI Governor Raghuram Govind Rajan this fiscal have taken place on Tuesdays and this would be the case for the upcoming review this week as well.
In the current fiscal beginning April 1, 2014, Rajan has undertaken four monetary policy reviews so far and the fifth would take place on December 2, with all these five being on Tuesdays.
The former chief economist of IMF, who took over as RBI Governor on September 4, 2013, came out with four policy reviews during the previous fiscal as well and two of them took place again on Tuesdays. The other two reviews by Rajan were on Wednesday and Friday last fiscal.
As a result, six out of eight monetary policies announced by him during his entire tenure so far have been on Tuesdays. The ninth review, scheduled for this week, takes place on a Tuesday where RBI is widely expected to keep the benchmark rate unchanged.
Incidentally, Rajan has maintained the benchmark interest rate in all four reviews so far in the current fiscal citing high inflation, even as there has been a growing clamour for rate cuts by industry, the government and economists among others.
Surprising the industry and analysts completely, the RBI Governor in his first policy review in September last year raised the short-term policy (repo) rate by 0.25 per cent to 7.5 per cent to keep “worrisome” inflation under check. His fight against stubborn inflation gained pace the following month as well when he again hiked the repo rate by a quarter of a percentage point to 7.75 per cent. Rajan put a pause on rate hike on December 18, 2013 but said the RBI will hike interest rates if inflation does not subside in line with the expected declining trend.
Not happy with the inflation trend, RBI did hike repo rate by 0.25 per cent the very next month that is in January 29, 2014 by 0.25 per cent to 8 per cent. Since then, the central bank has left its benchmark rate unchanged despite pressure from all quarters.

Centre begins process for selecting first chief of BRICS development bankBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
India has initiated discussions on appointment of the president of the proposed BRICS development bank.
“The thought process on appointing the first president of the BRICS Bank has begun. The government is considering two options — we can either set up a search committee or advertise for the post,” said a source familiar with the development.
He however, said that a search committee may be the more likely route taken. “It usually makes more sense to set up a search committee as advertising for such a high profile post may not bring the desired candidates,” he further said, adding that a final call on the process will be taken by the Union Cabinet.
The five-nation bloc of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa had agreed at the Sixth BRICS Summit in Brazil that the New Development Bank would be set up with its headquarters in China with India getting the right to nominate the president.
The proposed bank with a $50 billion capital structure is expected to be an alternative to other multi-lateral agencies and will be focussed on development agenda in the BRICS countries.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had at the BRICS leaders’ summit (on the sidelines of the G20 Summit) in Brisbane earlier this month suggested that the bank should be inaugurated by 2016.
The decisions on the location of the headquarters as well as the appointment of the president and vice-president of the bank will be taken up when finance ministers of BRICS countries meet for the seventh summit in Russia in July 2015.
The Chinese government is understood to have shortlisted some locations in Shanghai that could serve as the headquarters for the bank.
“We will start work on the appointment soon. The ratification of the bank by member countries is still in process and has got slightly delayed because of the new government formation in Brazil,” the source said.
Once the ratification is done by all five member countries, the board of directors of the bank will be appointed with each member nominating one director.
India will then designate the president, who will be formally ratified by the member nations and then appointed.
SEARCH COMMITTEE TO TAKE SHAPE
* The government is considering two options — setting up a search committee or advertising for the post
* According to a source, the search committee would be the preferred option as advertising may not bring in the desired candidate
* The BRICS nations had agreed at the Sixth BRICS Summit that the New Development Bank would be headquartered in China with India getting the right to nominate its president
TAGS: BRICS
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

India s manufacturing sector output at nearly 2-year peak in Nov: HSBCThe manufacturing sector output, improved for the 13th month in a row and reached a 21-month peak in November. Reuters
New Delhi |
Posted: December 1, 2014 12:26 pm
India’s manufacturing sector output accelerated in November at the quickest pace in nearly two years, driven by robust output and new orders, an HSBC survey said today.
The headline HSBC India Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) — a composite gauge designed to give a single-figure snapshot of manufacturing business conditions — stood at 53.3 in November significantly higher from 51.6 in October.
The manufacturing sector output, improved for the 13th month in a row and reached a 21-month peak in November.
A figure above 50 indicates the sector is expanding, while a figure below that level means contraction.
“Manufacturing activity accelerated further in November led by higher output and new orders. Domestic orders saw the biggest increase, even as new export orders continued to be strong,” HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said.
November data indicated stronger-than-expected demand, as new order growth accelerated to the quickest in 21 months. Similarly, foreign orders received by Indian goods producers continued to rise strongly in November.
In spite of accelerated expansions in output and new business, employment in the manufacturing sector remained broadly unchanged in November, the report said.
“The sharp rise in input prices was surprising, but future prints may be lower as falling commodity prices eventually lead to softer intermediate good prices. Meanwhile, the pick-up in output prices could partly be signalling some revival in pricing power among businesses,” Neumann said.
A cautionary note was, however, provided by the HSBC survey regarding input costs and output charges, as inflationary pressures intensified during the month following three consecutive months of easing.
“Higher output and an uptick in final prices should convince the RBI to stay on hold in the upcoming meeting,” Neumann said.
The RBI, which has maintained the interest at elevated level for the past 10 months, is scheduled to announce it policy review tomorrow.
According to official figure, wholesale inflation came down to a five-year low at 1.77 per cent in October while retail inflation hit a record low of 5.52 per cent in the same month.
Meanwhile, the country’s economic growth fell to 5.3 per cent in the second quarter from 5.7 per cent rate in the first three-month period ended June, raising the clamour for rate cut by the RBI tomorrow.

Maruti Suzuki Nov sales up 19.5 % at 1 10 147 unitsBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 1, 2014 2:34 pm
Country’s largest car-maker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) today reported a 19.5 per cent increase in total sales in November at 1,10,147 units as against 92,140 units in the same month last year.
The company said its domestic sales increased by 17 per cent during the month to 1,00,024 units as against 85,510 units in November 2013.
Sales of mini segment cars, including, Alto, A-Star and WagonR, declined marginally to 37,746 units as compared to 38,040 units in the year-ago month, MSI said in a statement.
The company said sales of the compact segment comprising Swift, Estilo, Ritz, Dzire rose by 13.8 per cent to 37,339 units in November this year as against 32,804 units last year.
MSI said sales of its compact sedan Dzire Tour surged over three-fold during the month under review at 1,989 units as against 604 units in November 2013.
The sales of company’s mid-sized sedan Ciaz, which was launched in October, stood at 5,232 units. The company had sold 200 units of SX4 sedan in November 2013. There was no sale of premium sedan Kizashi during the month.
Sales of utility vehicles, including Gypsy, Grand Vitara and Ertiga, declined by 5.6 per cent at 5,515 units in November this year from 5,840 units in the corresponding month last year.
Sales of vans — Omni and Eeco rose by 52.1 per cent to 12,203 units in November this year as compared to 8,021 units in the same period of previous year. Exports during the month rose by 52.7 per cent to 10,123 units as compared to 6,630 units in November last year, MSI said.

Core sector output hits 4-month high on robust coal  power growthBy: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:12 am
Ahead of the Reserve Bank of India’s bi-monthly monetary policy on Tuesday, eight key infrastructure industries posted an impressive growth of 6.3 per cent in October — the highest since June when it stood at 7.3 per cent — bolstered by robust performance of the coal, power and refinery sectors.
The core sector, comprising coal, crude oil, refinery products, steel, fertiliser, cement, natural gas and electricity, had contracted 0.1 per cent during the same month last year. The growth rate was 1.9 per cent in September this year.
The jump in the growth of key infrastructure industries comes amid the manufacturing output, as per the HSBC Purchasing Managers’ Index, jumping to a 21-month high in November on the back of robust demand and new orders.
However, experts said that the growth in the core sector is not well balanced and the RBI is likely to maintain the status quo in its policy review.
“The PMI is up, the core sector has grown. There is some pick-up but it is partially the base effect as well. Year-on-year there has been some pick-up but it has not been a balanced growth,” DK Joshi, chief economist, Crisil, said.
He added that the industrial production, which is due on December 12, will show an improvement due to better performance of the core sector.
The core sector comprises 38 per cent of the index of industrial production (IIP), which had grown 2.5 per cent in September. However, Joshi said, it is unlikely that the Reserve Bank of India will cut rates in its upcoming monetary policy review on Tuesday.
“The Reserve Bank of India would like to wait to ensure that the inflation is completely under control. So (despite the industry demands) I don’t think there will be rate cut,” he said.
According to the figures released by the commerce and industry ministry, production of coal jumped 16.2 per cent compared to a contraction of 3.5 per cent in October 2013.
Similarly, electricity generation also climbed up 13.2 per cent compared to 1.3 per cent during the same period last fiscal. Production in the coal and electricity sectors stood at 7.2 per cent and 3.8 per cent, respectively, in September 2014.
Aditi Nayar, senior economist, ICRA, said that the pick-up in core sector growth would partly offset the disappointing performance of merchandise exports and auto production in October along with the impact of fewer working days on account of an earlier onset of the festive season. Further, growth of production of refinery products also improved to 4.2 per cent compared to 5 per cent in October 2013. It had contracted 2.5 per cent during last month.
The production of cement however shrank 1 per cent as against growth of 0.9 per cent year-on-year while that of steel moderated to 2.3 per cent compared to 5.8 per cent during the corresponding year-ago period.

Renewal of Posco MoU held up on failure of milestonesWritten by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:21 am
The government on Monday said the MoU with South Korean steel company Posco has not been renewed since the company has failed to achieve stipulated milestones in setting up its project in Orissa to qualify for renewal. But the company has hit back saying it cannot be held responsible for the same.
This deals a direct blow to the company’s proposed 10 million tonne steel project worth Rs 52,000 crore in Orissa’s Jagatsinghpur district. The project has been mired in controversy for the last nearly ten years due to stiff local opposition over compensation and environment concerns.
The government’s views on the company’s proposed project was aired by minister of state for steel and mines Vishnu Deo Sai in the Lok Sabha, when he replied to a query by Biju Janata Dal MP from Jagatsinghpur Kulamani Samal on its progress, billed as one of the biggest FDI into India. “The MoU of Posco for setting up a mega steel plant in Orissa’s Jagatsinghpur district has not yet been renewed since the company has not achieved the required milestones for renewal of the MoU,” Sai told the House. The minister’s reply is based on inputs from the Orissa government.
He also said the government is unaware about any move by the South Korean steel maker to shift its project out of Orissa to any other place in the country.
But the South Korean company says it cannot be held responsible for the delay in renewal of the MoU, which expired in June 2010 five years after it had signed the same with the Orissa government. “We are ready to sign the MoU with the state government. We are waiting a word from them in this regard,” In Gweon Lee, general, manager of Posco India told The Indian Express.
The union steel ministry is keen to help the project fructify, but has not been able to do much to ensure the same. In fact, during the erstwhile UPA regime, talks between Posco and state-run steel maker SAIL for jointly setting up a steel plant near Bokaro in Jharkhand failed owing to the turf war on the ownership of the proposed facility.
The ministry officials attribute the failure of the JV on Posco’s insistence on running the operations and having over 50 per cent stake in the JV company.

Raghuram Rajan holds ground  leaves rates unchangedBy: Reuters | Mumbai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 12:09 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 12:20 pm
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today kept interest rate unchanged, saying that a shift in stance is ‘premature’ but hinted that a cut may come early next year if inflation continues to ease and government acts on the fiscal side.
“A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle,” he said.
Accordingly, the repo rate continues to be at 8 per cent while the cash reserve ratio has also been retained at 4 per cent.
On the inflation trajectory, Rajan said he expects it to ease further and average at the 6 per cent.
“Over the next 12-month period, inflation is expected to retain some momentum and hover around 6 per cent, except for seasonal movements, as the disinflation momentum works through,” he said in the bi-monthly review of the monetary policy.
Driven largely by a base-effect, the consumer price inflation for October had come in at 5.52 per cent, the fifth consecutive month that it had fallen down.
Under its glide path, the RBI is targeting to get the CPI inflation at 8 per cent as of January 2015 and take it down to 6 per cent by January 2016. While the 2015 target is achievable, Rajan had in the last policy sounded concerned about the “upside risks” to the 2016 target.
Central forecast for retail inflation is revised downward to 6 per cent from 8 per cent for March 2015.
Calls for a rate cut had been growing in the run up to the policy announcement, with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley also pitching for lower the cost of capital to boost growth.
The stock market recovered briefly after the policy announcement but was again trading lower than yesterday’s close.
Data released last Friday pointed to a dip in growth in the second quarter at 5.3 per cent, leading to the calls for a rate cut getting stronger.
However, the surprising rebound displayed with a 6.3 per cent growth in the core sector yesterday, indicating an uptick in factory output, kept everybody guessing about the stance which Rajan adopts.
Additionally, the auto companies also reported an over 10 per cent growth in sales for November, after a dip in the preceding month, indicating a revival in the manufacturing sector. Among the eight core sectors, coal and power have done exceedingly well during the month.
The lobby calling for a rate cut had also been pointing to a continuous decline in global crude prices, which have come to a five-year low of around USD 68 a barrel, which has the potential to reduce inflation in an oil-importing nation like India.
However, some experts also warn of the uncertainty over the continued…

Govt hikes excise duty on petrol by Rs 2.25/ltr  diesel Rs 1/ltrBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Government today raised excise duty on petrol and diesel by Rs 2.25 and Rs 1 a litre respectively, but consumers will be spared of price hike.
The move, which comes amid declining prices of crude oil in the international market, will boost government revenue and help it contain the fiscal deficit.
The revised excise duty on petrol and diesel came into affect from Tuesday, official sources said.
The move will have no impact on retail prices of petrol and diesel, they said.
This is the second hike in excise duty in three weeks. On November 12 the government had raised the excise duty by Rs 1.50 per litre on both petrol and diesel but that did not have any impact on the retail prices.
In view of the declining prices of crude, oil marketing companies had on Monday cut petrol price by 91 paise a litre, the seventh reduction since August, and diesel by 84 paise per litre, the third straight cut.
The hike in excise duty is expected to yield an additional Rs 4,000 core in the remaining part of the current fiscal. The addition from the earlier increase is expected to be Rs 6,000 crore.
The international crude oil price of Indian Basket as computed by Petroleum Planning and Analysis Cell (PPAC) was USD 67.72 (Rs 4,208.12) per barrel (bbl) yesterday, down from USD 70.29 per bbl on November 28.
The hike in excise duty will help government mop taxes as it was facing challenges on the indirect tax front on account of slowdown in economic activities.
TAGS: Diesel Price Petrol Price
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

RBI waits for better inflation signalPosted: December 3, 2014 2:06 am | Updated: December 3, 2014 1:07 pm
 
India’s consumers and corporates will have to wait longer for interest rates to come down with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) choosing not to cut its key policy rate on Tuesday, saying that it wants to be sure inflation remains at moderate levels a little longer and that the government is in a position to meet fiscal targets set out in the budget for 2014-15.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan ignored the clamour for cutting rates, emanating mainly from Indian firms, many of whom have been weighed down by huge debts contracted in the recent past. There has also been pressure from the government, led by the finance minister Arun Jaitley, who like his predecessor, P Chidambaram, had pitched for rate cuts ahead of the review.
For the government, boosting growth may well be a priority, especially after two consecutive years of sub-5 per cent growth and with inflation on a downward trajectory on the back of crashing global crude prices. But the RBI, as Tuesday’s review indicated, wants to be doubly certain that the inflation decline now being seen is real and durable.
Also, it wants to know whether the Centre is on course for achieving budgeted  fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent of GDP this year. The RBI is afraid that any relaxation of its stance should be neutralised by deviations from the path of fiscal consolidation. The worry lines on the latter count stem primarily from tax revenue collections so far this fiscal not being so buoyant, alongside the Centre’s failure to mop up any funds through stake sales in state-owned firms.
But there are other reasons why Rajan may have played it safe this time. For one, there is no certainty that rate cuts will actually help revive investments, given the larger policy-related constraints in areas such as mining, land acquisition and infrastructure.
While a rate cut could boost sentiment, and even translate into lower borrowing costs for firms, the central bank appears to believe that the larger structural constraints are a more significant drag on growth and investments. So, it would like more co-ordinated policy efforts from the government to ensure what it calls a durable revival of investment.
Besides, there is hardly any demand for loans, as reflected in bank credit growth being close to a decadal low.
Add to that abundant liquidity in the system — banks being flush with funds and deposit growth outpacing that of credit — there is much that a policy rate cut can do to change things. Moreover, India’s top companies are sitting on a huge cash pile — estimated at nearly Rs 2,50,000 crore for the BSE-100 firms, excluding banks.
The RBI, in short, wants inflation to be low and government finances in order. This, along with more serious demonstration of commitment to second-generation reforms from the government, will set the stage for the next investment revival. Lower interest rates continued…

Fuel excise hiked  prices unchangedBy: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi |
Posted: December 3, 2014 2:13 am
Facing the uphill task of reining in the fiscal deficit, the government on Tuesday raised the excise duties on petrol by Rs 2.25 per litre and on diesel by Rs 1 per litre with immediate effect to shore up revenue collection. This is the second such hike in two months.
The first hike was done in mid-November in order to reap the benefit of falling international oil prices. On November 12, the government had raised the excise duty by Rs 1.50 per litre on both petrol and diesel. However, the move did not have any impact on end users. In view of the declining prices of crude, oil marketing companies had on Monday cut petrol price by 91 paise a litre, the seventh reduction since August, and diesel by 84 paise per litre, the third consecutive reduction.
The government is expected to generate an additional revenue of about Rs 4,000 crore in the remaining period of the current fiscal, official sources said adding that the current hike will also have no impact on the retail prices.
“Duty hike is unlikely to lead to any increase in retail fuel prices. Falling international oil prices have given the government cushion to raise duty,” the source said.
The step is a measure to give a fillip to contracting excise duty collection, which contracted 0.6 per cent during the April-September period.

Jaguar Land Rover concludes pay and pensions deal with workers unionJLR and Unite have concluded detailed pay and conditions negotiations, a revised offer has been made by the company that will be unanimously recommended by Unite to its members. (Reuters)
By: PTI | London/new Delhi |
Posted: December 3, 2014 11:47 am
Tata Motors-owned Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has concluded a deal over pay and pensions with its workers union after revising its offer, which will now be recommended to staff to settle a dispute that had threatened industrial action.
In a joint statement, the the two parties said: “JLR and Unite have concluded detailed pay and conditions negotiations, a revised offer has been made by the company that will be unanimously recommended by Unite to its members.”
The pay offer includes recognition of JLR’s recent performance for employees and agreements on working practices with Unite that ensures that the company can meet its business plan commitments, it added.
“The headlines of the offer are – 4.5 per cent pay increase with a lump sum performance recognition payment of 825 per employee in year one of a two-year deal, RPI + 0.5 per cent or 3 per cent, whichever is greater, in the second year,” it said.
However, there are no pension proposals in this pay deal, it added.
Pay talks at the company had failed in October and last month, workers union had rejected an offer by the car maker over pay and pension changes, while asking the management to either re-negotiate the proposal, or face vote for industrial action.
According to Unite, the UK’s largest trade union, 96 per cent of JLR workers across the company’s five plants had rejected the pay deal.

BSE Sensex edges lower in lacklustre trade; NSE Nifty up 13 ptsMumbai |
Posted: December 3, 2014 4:40 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 5:39 pm
In a dull trading session, the benchmark Sensex today edged 1.30 points down to 28,442.71 on alternate bouts of buying and selling, amid mixed global cues.
Shares of auto, realty, power, refinery and capital goods sectors firmed up while IT and telecom shares declined.
Mid-cap and small-cap scrips rose on good buying with its indices gaining 1.39 per cent and 1.64 per cent respectively.
The BSE Sensex resumed slightly higher at 28,472.32 and moved up further to 28,504.65 on initial buying following overnight gains in US market and foreign capital inflows.
However, the barometer failed to maintain initial gains and dropped to 28,370.73 on fag-end selling before concluding at 28,442.71, showing a marginal loss of 1.30 points.
Investors preferred to book profit in select counters as RBI kept the policy rates unchanged yesterday in its monetary policy meeting, said traders.
However, the 50-share Nifty finished 12.95 points, or 0.15 per cent, higher at 8,537.65.
“We believe the Nifty would consolidate further in the coming days but the overall bias would remain on the positive side till Nifty is holding above 8350 mark,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth net Rs 106.82 crore yesterday, showed provisional data.
Asian stocks ended mixed as key benchmark indices in Hongkong and Singpaore eased by 0.57 per cent to 0.95 per cent while indices in China, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan moved up by 0.21 per cent to 1.55 per cent.
European markets were also trading narrowly mixed as indices in France and Germany inched up by 0.15-0.24 per cent while UK’s FTSE was quoting 0.08 per cent lower.
Turning to the local market, seventeen out of the 30-share Sensex stocks closed with gains while others finished with losses.
Major Sensex laggards include Dr Reddys 2.43 per cent, HDFC 1.83 per cent, Bharti Airtel 1.72 per cent, Hindalco 1.49 per cent, HDFC Bank, 1.09 per cent, Hero MotoCorp 0.83 per cent, TCS 0.79 per cent and ITC 0.63 per cent.
However, ONGC rose by 2.98 per cent, BHEL 2.50 per cent, NTPC per cent 1.67 per cent, M&M 1.57 per cent, HUL 1.55 per cent, Gail India 1.35 per cent, Axis Bank 1.35 per cent, ICICI Bank 1.27 per cent and Maruti Suzuki 0.97 per cent.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Auto index rose by 1.34 per cent, Realty 1.32 per cent, Power 1.06 per cent, Oil & Gas 0.99 per cent and Capital Goods 0.96 per cent while IT eased by 0.19 per cent and TECK 0.16 per cent.
Reflecting rally in second line stocks, total market breadth remained positive as 1,929 counters finished in the green while 1,082 settled in the red and 120 held stable. Total turnover rose to Rs 3,934.91 crore from Rs 3,334.72 crore yesterday.
 

FM Arun Jaitley for more global cooperation to check tax evasion  smugglingBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:57 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 3:21 pm
Calling upon revenue intelligence agencies to enhance cooperation with their global counterparts to check tax evasion and smuggling, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said free trade should also mean fair trade.
Although the fiscal incentives for financial malpractices have come down over the years, the Minister said revenue intelligence officials must increase global cooperation to “check tax evasion and smuggling.”
While inaugurating the 2nd Regional Customs Enforcement conference here, the Minister stressed that effective steps to curb tax evasion and avoidance are necessary to ensure that “free trade remains fair trade.”
Jaitley also called upon revenue intelligence officials to increase the use of technology and develop the ability to read between the lines to check financial malpractices.
The dynamics of revenue intelligence would continue to evolve with changing times, he said, adding “world is obliterating the distinction between tax evasion and tax avoidance.”
He said there was a time when the incentive for tax evasion and smuggling was high. However, with the decline in tax rates, tariffs and duties, the “incentive for (financial malpractices) is going down.”
India has been vociferously raising the issues concerning tax evasion and avoidance at several international meetings, especially at the G-20 deliberations.
The Finance Minister further said that in an era of free trade and liberalisation, there is a need for global and international cooperation as well as sharing of intelligence information among countries, especially among neighbouring ones in order to control the illicit movement of goods across the border.
Officers need to be trained in order to read between the lines and be fully equipped to handle the latest technology tools efficiently and effectively in order to keep pace with the techniques used by tax evaders who always try to exploit the loopholes in the law, he said.
This two-day meeting is also being attended by the heads of customs and enforcement department from neighbouring countries, including Bhutan, Nepal, Bangladesh, Myanmar and Sri Lanka.
He said discussions during the conference will be focused on common areas of concern relating to enforcement, including issues relating to smuggling of Fake Indian Counterfeit Notes (FICN), issues pertaining to country of origin certificate, drug trafficking, smuggling of gold and sharing of SAARC-CMAA experiences, among others.
Speaking on the occasion, Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das asked the customs and DRI officers to work in a non-intrusive manner so that legitimate movement of goods and services across the border and within the country is not adversely affected.
Those who are doing trade in a legitimate and fair manner should be encouraged and be treated in a friendly manner, he added.

Sahara group sells Rs 1 211 cr worth Gurgaon land to M3M IndiaBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:11 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 4:18 pm
Looking to raise funds to ensure release of its chief Subrata Roy from jail, Sahara has sold a big land parcel at the outskirts of the national capital for Rs 1,211 crore to Gurgaon-based developer M3M India Ltd.
The 185-acre land in Gurgaon, with 12 million square feet built-up area, would be used for ‘mix-use development’ and has sales revenue potential of Rs 12,000 crore, M3M India Ltd said today while announcing the deal.
M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal also asserted that it was not a ‘distress sale’ by Sahara and the deal has been inked on the basis of market price.
He further said that the entire amount will be paid in instalments over a period of six months, while post-dated cheques have been given to Sahara group for purchase of this land at Chauma village in Gurgaon.
The deal comes within days of Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrato Roy.
Besides this Chauma land, the court has also allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4, 2014 order.
The apex court bench was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai, following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI’s counsel.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crore which has gone into the account of SEBI.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which had earlier raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with SEBI, told the court that out of nine domestic assets, it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crore which has also gone into the account of the market regulator.
Announcing the big-ticket land deal, M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal said: “We have acquired 185 acres of land in Delhi-NCR from Sahara group for Rs 1,211 crore.”
He said the land deal with Sahara group was clinched two months ago but the agreement was subject to approval of the Supreme Court.
On land price, Bansal said: “It was not continued…

HDFC Bank  ICICI Bank cut retail fixed deposit ratesIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
At a time when the bankers are saying that deposit rate cuts are necessary for trimming lending rates, private sector lenders HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank have cut their retail fixed deposit rates in select maturities.
ICICI Bank’s website showed that it has lowered it deposit rates for customers within the Rs 1 crore bracket, for maturities between 390 days to 2 years by 25 basis points (bps) to 8.75%. These rates have been effective from November 28 thus lowering the maximum interest rate offered by it to 8.75% from 9% earlier.
Another private sector lender HDFC Bank has also trimmed its retail term deposit rates maturing between 46 days to one year by 25-50 basis points, the bank website showed. These rates have be effective from December 1.
Public sector banks like State Bank of India (SBI), Punjab National Bank (PNB), Bank of Baroda (BoB) and Oriental Bank of Commerce have also cut their term deposit rates citing excess liquidity and inadequate demand for credit. SBI for instance has cut its fixed deposit rates thrice in the last four months.
Recently after Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) bi-monthly policy bankers said that lending rates would follow a downward trajectory in the first half of CY15. SBI Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya had told a news channel that as the deposit rates trend downwards cuts in the base rates would be evident.
“We led the deposit rate cut a while back and now few bigger banks cut its rates about three weeks back and so, some of the bigger banks are now beginning to cut on their deposit rates,” Bhattacharya had said on Tuesday.
RBI data showed that deposit grew 12.16% y-o-y to Rs 82.53 lakh crore for the fortnight ended November 14 and non-food credit or loans given by banks to companies and individuals, grew at a a subdued 11.16% y-o-y in the same period.
TAGS: HDFC Bank ICICI Bank
More from bankingampfinance

Orion s Dramatic Test Flight Ends With  Bulls-Eye  SplashdownOrion's Dramatic Test Flight Ends With 'Bulls-Eye' Splashdown
 |  By                                                                      MARCIA DUNN
reddit
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — NASA's new Orion spacecraft made a "bull's-eye" Pacific splashdown Friday following a dramatic journey 3,604 miles beyond Earth. The achievement opens a new era of human exploration aimed at putting people on Mars.
The unmanned, 4½-hour test flight set at least one record: flying farther and faster than any capsule built for humans since the Apollo moon program.
"There's your new spacecraft, America," Mission Control commentator Rob Navias said as the Orion capsule neared the water 270 miles off Mexico's Baja peninsula.
NASA is counting on future Orions to carry astronauts beyond Earth's orbit in the decades ahead, to asteroids and ultimately the grand prize: Mars.
The lead flight director, Mike Sarafin, was emotional as he signed off from Houston.
"We challenged our best and brightest to continue to lead in space," Sarafin said. "While this was an unmanned mission, we were all on board Orion."
The agency quickly reported positive results: Not only did the capsule arrive intact, all the parachutes deployed and onboard computers withstood the intense radiation of the Van Allen belts surrounding Earth.
The capsule reached a peak altitude more than 14 times farther from our planet than the International Space Station. No spacecraft designed for astronauts had gone so far since Apollo 17 — NASA's final moon shot — 42 years ago.
NASA needed to send Orion that high in order to set the crew module up for a 20,000-mph, 4,000-degree entry. That was considered the most critical part of the entire flight — testing the largest of its kind heat shield for survival before humans climb aboard.
In 11 minutes, Orion slowed from 20,000 mph to 20 mph at splashdown, its final descent aided by eight parachutes deployed in sequence. A crew on board would have endured as much as 8.2 Gs, or 8.2 times the force of Earth gravity, double the Gs of a returning Russian Soyuz capsule, according to NASA.
Earth shrank from view through Orion's capsule window during its trip out to space, and stunning images were relayed back home. Its return was recorded by an unmanned drone flying over the recovery zone, providing more spectacular views. Helicopters then relayed images of the crew module bobbing in the water. Three of the five air bags deployed properly, enough to keep the capsule floating upright.
The U.S. Navy pulled up in a pair of ships to recover the spacecraft and transport it to San Diego, 630 miles away. Orion ended up just 1½ miles from the predicted splashdown spot. Only two of the parachutes could be recovered.
Once ashore, Orion will be transported by truck back to Cape Canaveral, just in time for Christmas.
It's supposed to soar again in 2017 in a launch abort test, followed by a second Orion heading to space in 2018 aboard the megarocket under development by NASA. Officials expect it will be at least seven years from now — 2021 — before Orion carries people, given present budget constraints.
Orion's debut was intended to be brief — just two laps around Earth, shorter than even John Glenn's orbital achievement in 1962.
NASA is now "one step closer" to putting humans aboard Orion, said NASA Administrator Charles Bolden Jr. He called it "Day One of the Mars era."
Earlier Friday, everything went NASA's way as the powerful Delta IV rocket lifted Orion into orbit.
The atmosphere was reminiscent of the shuttle-flying days, but considerably more upbeat than that last mission in 2011.
Astronaut Rex Walheim was aboard the final shuttle flight and joined dozens of space fliers on hand for this historic send-off. He talked up Orion's future in sending crews to Mars and the importance of becoming what he called "a multi-planetary species."
The Orion would be supplemented with habitats for Mars trips, which would take eight months using current rockets. NASA hopes improving technology will speed the journey.
"You have that excitement back here at the Kennedy Space Center and it's tinged with even more excitement with what's coming down the road," Walheim said.
Orion's team got a shout-out from the team handling Curiosity, the rover now on Mars. "Congrats #Orion! We're one step closer to bootprints next to these rover tracks," said their tweet, which was posted with a picture of one of the rover's treaded wheels on the dusty red surface.
In Houston, NASA's Mission Control led the entire operation once Orion was aloft, allowing the spacecraft to fly essentially on autopilot, although veterans of shuttle flights could have intervened if necessary.
The spacecraft was rigged with 1,200 sensors to gauge everything from heat to vibration to radiation. At 11 feet tall with a 16.5-foot base, Orion is bigger than the old-time Apollo capsules and, obviously, more advanced. It could carry four astronauts, one more than Apollo, on long treks, six on relatively short voyages of three weeks.
NASA deliberately kept astronauts off this first Orion.
Managers wanted to test the riskiest parts of the spacecraft — the heat shield, parachutes, various jettisoning components — before committing to a crew.
This Orion — serial number 001 — lacked seats, cockpit displays and life-support equipment, but brought along bundles of toys and memorabilia: bits of moon dust; the crew patch worn by Sally Ride, America's first spacewoman; a Capt. James Kirk doll owned by "Star Trek" actor William Shatner.
Lockheed Martin Corp. already has begun work on a second Orion and plans to build a fleet of the capsules. An asteroid redirected to lunar orbit is intended for the first stop in the 2020s, followed by Mars in the 2030s.
The company handled the $370 million test flight for NASA, opting for the Delta IV, the most powerful unmanned rocket in the U.S. right now. The entire rocket and capsule, topped by a launch abort tower, stretched 242 feet and weighed 1.6 million pounds — an "incredible monster," according to Bolden.
To push Orion farther out on future flights, NASA is developing the Space Launch System or SLS, megarocket. The first Orion-SLS combo will fly around 2018, again without a crew to shake out the rocket, although it will be capable of carrying four astronauts on long hauls and as many as six on three-week hikes.
Bolden, a former astronaut and now NASA's No. 1, called Mars "the ultimate destination of this generation," but said his three young granddaughters think otherwise, telling him, "Don't get hung up on Mars because there are other places to go once we get there."
___
Associated Press reporter Alex Sanz contributed to this report from Cape Canaveral.
___
Previous versions of this story misspelled the name of Chris Tarkenton, who traveled from Virginia to observe.
___

Govt favours auction route for mines allocationDec 06, 2014, 03.11 PM IST  | Source: PTI
'Govt favours auction route for mines allocation'
Mines Minister Narendra Singh Tomar held deliberations with representatives of miners, end-users and other stakeholders on the draft Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) (Amendment) Bill, 2014, seeking inputs, feedback and suggestions on omission and commission in the proposed Bill
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Govt favours auction route for mines allocation'
Mines Minister Narendra Singh Tomar held deliberations with representatives of miners, end-users and other stakeholders on the draft Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) (Amendment) Bill, 2014, seeking inputs, feedback and suggestions on omission and commission in the proposed Bill
Post your opinion here
 
The Centre appears to be in favour of auction route for allocation of mines as has been earlier proposed in the draft MMDR Bill, which it intends to bring in the ongoing session of Parliament for passage.
"Based on discussions, I think that Mines Ministry has decided to take the auction route for allocation of mines even as some industry representatives voiced their reservations," a source present in a deliberation with Mines Minister Narendra Singh Tomar said today.
The minister held deliberations with representatives of miners, end-users and other stakeholders on the draft Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) (Amendment) Bill, 2014, seeking inputs, feedback and suggestions on omission and commission in the proposed Bill.
Apart from industry bodies such as Ficci and Assocham, captains of steel industry like T V Narendran of Tata Steel , C S Verma of SAIL , Sajjan Jindal of JSW Steel  and Naveen Jindal of JSPL  took part in the deliberation.
An official release, following the discussions, said Tomar stated that the auction route suggested in the proposed Bill had been included after active discussions and inputs from the state governments.
The proposed auction route has already had its share of criticism from Federation of Indian Mineral Industries (FIMI). It said auctioning of mines as proposed in the draft Bill will sound the death knell of the industry. It has also written to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi airing its apprehension. 
Contending that the auction route was not pursued in any resource-rich country, FIMI said, they follow the time-tested principle of 'first-cum-first-served'.
Tomar also emphasised that the objective of the Bill was to kick-start the mining sector by removing bottlenecks that are preventing the industry from becoming a growth-multiplier in the country. Government was working towards bringing in transparency in the systems, ensuring fair share of value for government and creating an investor-friendly environment in the mining industry, he added.
"Government's intention is to bring the Bill in the ongoing session of Parliament," the statement said. 
RELATED NEWS

Bengal: BJP supporter branded with cigaretteComments
Alleged Trinamool Congress workers branded a 40-year-old Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) supporter with the letters 'TMC' -- acronym for the ruling party in West Bengal -- by using a burning cigarette last Wednesday.
The incident took place in Hooghly district -- adjoining Kolkata -- after Bishnu Choudhury reportedly participated in BJP national president Amit Shah's rally and is likely to spell fresh embarrassment for the Trinamool, which is already facing the heat over Saradha chit fund scam, terror activities and alleged hooliganism on the part of its supporters on quite a few occasions of late.
Bishnu Choudhury was subjected to torture for reportedly attending Amit Shah's rally in Kolkata. Alleged Trinamool Congress workers branded the 40-year-old BJP supporter with the letters 'TMC' by using a burning cigarette last Wednesday. (HT photo)
Choudhury, a driver by profession, was allegedly threatened at gunpoint with dire consequences if he lodged a complaint with police, after being subjected to the torture.
But, the BJP supporter took up the issue with district leaders Saturday and mailed his complaint to the local police station, superintendent of Hooghly district police and the human rights commission through a registered post.
 
According to the BJP, some Trinamool leaders had warned BJP workers against attending Shah's rally in the heart of Kolkata on November 30.
"Choudhury not only refused (to relent) but also took a few neighbours with him to attend the rally. Once he came back to his home in the evening, Trinamool workers started threatening him," said Swapan Pal, the vice-president of the BJP's Hooghly wing.
According to the complaint lodged by Choudhury, a group of Trinamool workers abducted him from the road and took him to a nearby party office when he was returning from work Wednesday.
 
"The group assaulted me and then one of them pressed burning cigarettes against my chest to write the letters 'TMC'. Then they took me home... they threatened me at gunpoint and told me not to lodge a complaint with the police," said Choudhury.
 
"It's sheer autocracy in place in Bengal. The ruling party will now decide who will support which political party!" said BJP state president Rahul Sinha.
 
CPI(M) leader Bikash Bhattacharyya, an advocate and former mayor of Kolkata, said, "In 1971, Congress supporters hammered a nail in the head of a youth in Sonarpur (on the outskirts of Kolkata) who dared to support the CPI(M). Trinamool Congress …is an offshoot of the Congress. The party should be banned as their ways are no different from a terror organisation."
 
Congress state president Adhir Chowdhury too condemned the incident.
"We can't fight among ourselves to decide who will support which party. We can only win their (voters') hearts by campaigning. What is happening now is the manifestation of sheer panic by the ruling party. If BJP gains a foothold in Bengal, such brutality by the supporters of Mamata Banerjee's party will be solely responsible."
Frequent clashes between Trinamool and BJP supporters have been reported in the state following the April-May Lok Sabha elections, in which the saffron party won 16.8% vote share and bagged two of the 42 seats.
Shah, in his recent rally, sounded the poll bugle in Bengal, asking people to overthrow the government led by Mamata Banerjee in the 2016 assembly elections while making it clear that the BJP was trying to find a foothold in the state.
 
An officer from the Mogra police station said they had received Choudhury's complaint and an investigation was on.
"The victim has named a few local Trinamool workers and we would soon nab them. We are also checking whether the complaint is framed," an official from Mogra police station said.
 
Trinamool leaders from Hooghly, however, claimed the complaint was false.
"Chowdhury is an active political worker and was a Trinamool supporter even a few months back. He had recently joined BJP and their leaders are using him to frame false charges against our supporters," said Trinamool Hooghly district president Tapan Dasgupta.
 
Local BJP leaders have decided to hit the roads Sunday against the incident. "If police don't make any arrest by Sunday morning, we will gherao the SP office," said Krishna Bhattacharya, BJP Hooghly district president.

SpiceJet pilots flocking to other airlines | Air fares pinch  SpiceJet crisis adds to itWith SpiceJet wobbling, pilots flocking to other airlines?
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 12.26PM IST
Tags:
airlines
(As many as 54 SpiceJet pilots…)
NEW DELHI: With budget carrier SpiceJet wobbling amid fund drought and the aviation regulator keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier's pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job, industry sources said.
As many as 54 SpiceJet pilots of the over 125 pilots who have quit the airline have already applied for a jobs in the two major airlines -- Jet Airways and IndiGo , the sources said.
"The exodus of pilots from SpiceJet continues in view of the prevailing uncertainty. Around 125 pilots have already quit the carrier so far and of them 54 have already applied for a job with Jet Airways and IndiGo," one of the sources said.
Of the 54 pilots, 40 have sought a job with Jet Airways, while the remaining have applied in the budget carrier IndiGo, the sources said.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run as a "going concern".
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA yesterday withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
The airline, however, in a statement yesterday, said that surrendering the unused slots to an airport operators was a routine practice and it had already paid November salaries to almost 85 per cent of the employees two days ago.
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by 15 December to clear its over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies as well as stop taking bookings beyond one month among others.
As many as 93 arrival and 93 departure slots were withdrawn by DGCA as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September.
It may be mentioned here that civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
The regulator would now on also carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles, DGCA sources had said yesterday.
With reports of slashing of its Boeing fleet by about a third and operate 24 out of its current strength of 35 planes by the middle of next year, its officials said the decision to shrink was part of the airline's restructuring process and cutting costs.
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Typhoon Hagupit howls through Philippines  more than 1 million fleeTyphoon Hagupit pounds Philippines, a million flee
Reuters
print
Typhoon Hagupit
A powerful, slow-moving typhoon pounded through the central Philippines on Sunday, bringing howling winds that toppled trees and power lines and cut off communications to areas still scarred by a super-storm just over a year ago.
Typhoon Hagupit did not appear to have wreaked devastation on the same scale as last year's deadly Typhoon Haiyan, but officials cautioned that the picture remained incomplete with many of the first areas to feel the storm's force still cut off.
More than 1 million people had fled to shelters away from coastal areas and landslide-prone villages by the time Typhoon Hagupit slammed into the town of Dolores, on the eastern coast of Samar island, on Saturday night.
"We need to punch through up to Dolores to see the impact there, that's where the landfall was, we need to see so we can report back to Manila," Interior Secretary Manuel Roxas told a local radio interview from Samar.
The radio report described Roxas as travelling by motorbike to oversee workers using chainsaws to clear huge fallen trees.
Most of the houses, made of light materials, on both sides of the road were destroyed and residents lined the route asking for food, water and other supplies. Roofs were blown away while thatched houses were lifted and dumped metres away.
Hagupit, which days earlier had reached category 5 "super typhoon" strength as it churned across the Pacific Ocean, weakened on Sunday to category 2 as it made a second landfall at Cataingan town in the south of Masbate island.
There were no initial reports of the kinds of storm surges that were so destructive during Typhoon Haiyan, which killed more than 7,000 people across the central Philippines.
"Structural damage was caused mostly by wind, not by storm surge," said presidential spokeswoman Abigail Valte.
Power cuts in many areas
Power was cut across most of Samar and nearby Leyte province, including Tacloban City, considered ground zero of the devastating super typhoon Haiyan last year. Power and communications were also down in Masbate, parts of Cebu island and some southern provinces of the main island Luzon.
"I can't penetrate the areas, I can't go north or south because of fallen trees and power lines. Many areas are flooded," Ben Evardone, congressman for Eastern Samar, said from his base in the provincial capital Borongan.
General Gregorio Catapang, head of the military, said nearly 2,000 soldiers were clearing the roads and two airports on Samar to bring in food trucks and aircraft.
Local radio reported at least five people were killed in Eastern Samar and Iloilo province on Panay island to the west, but that could not be confirmed by officials. The Philippine Red Cross said it was also verifying the reports.
The typhoon was crawling west northwest at 10 kph (6 mph), with sustained winds of 140 kph (86 mph) and gusts of up to 170 kph (105 mph), the Philippine weather bureau PAGASA said.
The weather bureau said Hagupit - which means "lash" in Filipino - was following its predicted path through the archipelago's central belt, slightly north of areas devastated by super typhoon Haiyan last year.
It was expected to make a third landfall on the small island of Sibuyan early on Monday before passing around 120 km south of the capital Manila, PAGASA said.
Tacloban spared
More than 1.2 million people had crowded over 1,500 evacuation centres in schools, civic centres, town halls, gyms and churches across the central Philippines, said Gwendolyn Pang, secretary general of the Philippine Red Cross.
Alfred Romnualdez, mayor of Tacloban, said although more than 48,000 residents had fled to shelters, damage to the city appeared to have been minor.
"Thank God, the typhoon spared us and we have no reported casualties," Romualdez told Reuters. "By the end of the day we expect the people to return to their homes from shelter areas."
By Sunday evening, people were also returning to their homes from shelters in Leyte island and southern Luzon.
Environment and humanitarian groups are hoping the typhoon would spur action at U.N. climate talks in Lima, where almost 200 nations are meeting to work out an accord to slow global warming, due at a summit in Paris in a year's time.
"My country is under water, farms have been wiped away, homes destroyed, families separated," Shubert Ciencia of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement and a member of global relief organisation Oxfam, said in Lima.
An Oxfam report in November showed Asia is highly vulnerable to increasingly severe and frequent weather extremes and woefully underprepared to manage growing crises.

Market Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation  IIP data eyedDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Indian stocks could see volatility in the near-term as investors take cues from inflation and factory output numbers next week, say experts.
Besides, foreign investor activity, movement of rupee against US dollar and crude oil price would continue to set the tone for trading.
“This week would be a crucial one since participants would be eyeing the release of consumer price index data for November on December 12.
On the same day, market would also be awaiting the release of IIP data for October,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Further, participants would also be keeping a track of development taking place in the ongoing winter session of Parliament, which commenced on November 24 and is set to conclude on December 23, he added.
Over the past week, the benchmark Sensex fell by nearly 236 points to 28,458.10, — logging its first weekly drop in seven weeks. Last month, the index had gained 828.16 points to hit its all-time high of 28,822.37 on November 28.
Traders said that investors would remain eye further policy announcements.
“Movement of index in near term will consistently remain on further reform initiatives to be taken in the ongoing winter session, IIP, CPI data expected to be announced on Friday,” said Vivek Gupta, CMT Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research.
Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio said, “After a week of consolidation, we expect the markets to see some profit bookings in the coming 1-2 trading sessions.
“Market has given positive response to the SAIL Offer for sale which shows, retail risk appetite is still intact. Market optimism and continued FII flows would continue to keep the markets intact.”
TAGS: Market Outlook
More from indianmarkets

Modi favourite to win  Time Person of the Year  pollModi favourite to win  Time Person of the Year  poll
China to Chennai: A Tamil Radio that bridges two culturesBy: Press Trust of India | Beijing |
Posted: December 7, 2014 1:18 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 1:33 pm
25-year-old Chinese broadcast journalist Liao Liang speaks Tamil with such a fluency that will make a native speaker of the language feel envious. Liao, who works in the Tamil Department of the state-run China Radio International (CRI) introduces herself on the show as ‘Poongothai’, a name that has become an integral part of her multi-lingual identity and to her listeners in India and around the world.
At the over 70-year-old China Radio, she is part of a 20-odd member Tamil language broadcast team, which includes mostly Tamil-speaking Chinese employees along with a few native speakers hailing from India. Meet Liao and she would greet you with a ‘vanakkam’ and her hands folded in the Indian gesture. She says, “knowing Tamil lets her understand and connect with people of India.”
“I learned this language out of sheer curiosity. I know it’s a difficult language with a tough grammar but I wanted to learn it. And, so I enrolled myself at a university, where my Tamil (Indian) teacher gave me my Tamil name. And, from there my journey began,” Liao told PTI here.
Born in the city of Quzou in Zhejiang, an eastern coastal province, she moved to Beijing to pursue an undergraduate diploma course in Tamil from the Communication University of China, and after graduation in 2011 joined CRI. Together with her colleague, K Manikandan, a Tamil Nadu native, who has been working with CRI in Beijing for the past one year, they have been working on a radio show on the recent visit of a 100-member Indian Youth Delegation to China.
“We interacted with the Tamil members in the delegation and many were surprised to see a Chinese girl speaking their (Tamil) language, and that too with such ease. For me, personally, it meant connecting with them on a personal level and they also felt happy about it,” Liao said.
Sanjana Konduru, a student of Women’s Christian College in Chennai, who part of the delegation said, “Though I had heard about the Tamil radio from China, I never could imagine its scale and reach, until now. I am now looking forward to hear the show (on the delegation).”
“We (Tamil service) broadcast to India every day. Now, we are trying to broadcast the show on the delegation visit soon,” Manikandan said. Established in 1941 during the civil-war era, CRI broadcasts in over 60 languages from its multi-storey headquarters in west Beijing. On December 3, the network marked it 73rd birth anniversary.

4.5 crore people waiting for government jobs across country4.5 crore people waiting for government jobs across country
By B Sivakumar, TNN | 7 Dec, 2014, 12.56PM IST
0
Share More
Across India there are many waiting patiently for a government job after registering with employment exchanges. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
R Vadivelu, a qualified technician in Theni district of Tamil Nadu, got a government job 30 years after he registered with an employment exchange. By the time he got the appointment letter, he was 58 years old and he worked for only 10 months before retiring.
Across India there are many like him, waiting patiently for a government job after registering with employment exchanges. croreAccording to the data presented in Parliament on Thursday, there are 4.47 crore people registered with employment exchanges in the country. Despite being an industrialized state, Tamil Nadu tops states in the number of people waiting for government jobs . The state has 77 lakh people who have registered their names with employment exchanges. West Bengal comes second with 70.68 lakh people, followed by Uttar Pradesh with 60.70 lakh.
Vadivelu registered in an employment exchange in Madurai in 1987 and got an appointment letter in the middle of 2012. "I joined as a fitter in a government workshop in Theni and worked for 10 months and retired in 2013. Though I represented my case to several depart ments and even to the assembly, I did not get any relief," said Vadivelu. He is not eligible for pension and hence the basic objective of landing a government job -financial security in old age -has been defeated.
"Whether the state is industrialized or not, people still clamour for a government job because of the security it offers. A person after entering government service need not fear about losing the employment and there is also financial security after retirement in the form of pension," said Jawaharlal Nehru University economist Prof Jayati Ghosh . Though there are many industries in Tamil Nadu, including those that are labour-intensive, not many jobs are created to absorb the labour force with basic education and low skills, she said.
Some states like Ta mil Nadu have many vacancies in govern ment departments and can also create more jobs. "The job struc ture currently in prac tice in government departments was designed in 1947. Since then the population and government functions have increased manifold but successive governments have not taken steps to change the structure and give opportunities to people willing to join government service," said Tamil Nadu Government Employees Association general secretary R Balasubramanian.
Most of those who have registered in employment exchanges have either fin ished their higher second ary or hold a degree. There are a few doctors and engineers too. Minister of state for labour and employment Bandaru Dattatreya, in a reply to a question in the Rajya Sabha, recently said: "The government has taken steps to enhance employability and employment in the coun try by promoting labour-in tensive industries like con struction, real estate, transport and tourism and establishing micro, small and medium enterprises."

TN for stronger role for states in new body replacing Plan ComTN for stronger role for states in new body replacing Plan Com
China launches multi-purpose satelliteBeijing, Dec 7:  
China today successfully launched a multi-purpose satellite for monitoring, planning and management of land, forestry and agriculture.
The CBERS-4 satellite has been developed jointly with Brazil. It was launched from Taiyuan base using a Long March-4B rocket.
In November 2002, the governments of China and Brazil had decided to expand the initial agreement by including another two satellites — CBERS-3, lost in a launch mishap in December 2013, and CBERS-4 — as the second generation of the Sino-Brazilian cooperation effort.
It was the 200th flight of the Long March rocket family, state-run Xinhua News Agency reported.
The rocket blasted off at 11:26 a m (local time) and lifted the earth resource satellite into its scheduled orbit, it said.
CBERS programme
CBERS-4 is one of the satellites of the Chinese-Brazilian Earth Resource Satellite (CBERS) programme which began in 1988.
Such satellites are used in monitoring, planning and management of land, forestry, water conservation, environmental protection and agriculture, it said.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Retail investors to get greater pie in next PSU divestmentRetail investors to get greater pie in next PSU divestment
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
To encourage participation of small investors in PSU disinvestments, the Government has decided to double the quota reserved for retail investors to 20 per cent for the forthcoming stake sales in bluechip companies like ONGC and Coal India.
The decision assumes significance following the enthusiastic response from retail investors in the Friday’s stake sale in steel major SAIL, which fetched the government Rs 1,715 crore.
“In the forthcoming OFS, 20 per cent of the offer size shall be reserved for retail investors,” an official told PTI.
So far 10 per cent of the share sale was reserved for retail investors, who are allowed to invest up to Rs 2 lakh in the OFS. Also a 5 per cent discount was offered to them over the bid price.
However, in Follow on Public Offer (FPO), 35 per cent is reserved for small investors.
The response of retail investors to PSU disinvestments had not been encouraging in the past with the 10 per cent reserved quota barely managing to get fully subscribed.
The successful SAIL OFS, the official said, has shown big appetite for PSU shares among retail investors.
“Increased retail participation will improve ownership of public in CPSEs and also help achieve the objective of disinvestment policy,” the official added.
As per the data, retail investors bid for over 5.49 crore SAIL shares —— 2.66 times of the 2.06 crore shares reserved for them. The SAIL OFS was over—subscribed more than two times.
The Budget 2014—15 proposed to garner Rs 43,425 crore from PSU disinvestment, of which about 30 per cent is expected to come in from 5 per cent (worth around Rs 17,000 crore) stake sale in ONGC.
Besides, a 10 per cent stake sale in Coal India is on the table and could fetch over Rs 20,000 crore.
The other state-owned firms that are lined up for offering include 11.36 per cent stake sale in NHPC and 5 per cent each in PFC and REC.
Under the OFS mechanism, at present a minimum of 25 per cent of the shares offered are reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
The government has been using the OFS route for disinvestment of PSUs.
Market regulator SEBI has permitted the promoters of top 200 companies to use the auction route or OFS route to dilute stake in listed companies. It also permitted OFS in those PSUs which were to meet the minimum 25 per cent public holding norm.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Search on to trace accused in Uber Delhi cab rape caseSearch on to trace accused in Uber Delhi cab rape case
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
A massive search operation was launched today across three states to nab the taxi driver of cab-booking service provider Uber in a rape case.
A 27-year-old woman working for a finance company in Gurgaon was allegedly raped by the driver while dropping her home at Inderlok in North-West Delhi on Friday night.
The driver identified as Shiv Kumar Yadav (32) hails from Mathura, UP, and the car in which the crime took place was recovered from the city late last night.
Several Delhi Police teams are on a hunt to track him down in Delhi, Haryana and UP.
The incident took place at around 9:30 pm on Friday.
“The woman had gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7 pm. One of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired a cab run by a private company to take her to Inderlok,” police had said citing the complaint filed by the victim.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat of the car only to wake up and find that they had stopped at a secluded spot. She found that the car doors were locked and, when she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed her and then committed rape, police said.
The accused then dropped her off near her home in Inderlok after threatening to kill her if she spoke of the matter to anybody.
A case has been registered at Sarai Rohilla Police Station under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
Meanwhile, the US-based cab service provider, which has come under attack for allegedly flouting norms, has issued a statement saying they are providing all help to police in the investigation.
“Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber Spokeswoman.
Police said the driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was a Smartphone App which he exited after the incident.
The company also could not immediately provide the call log to police as details were said to be stored at the company’s headquarters in New York.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

CM Fadnavis defends decision to skip tea party  says Modi meet importanteventWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:27 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 9:26 pm
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis late Sunday evening said the meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi was to emphasise key issues related to the welfare of people of Maharashtra.
Fadnavis said, “The prime minister had called a meeting of all chief ministers of state across country. It was a scheduled meet. And I took the decision to attend for the larger interest of my people in Maharashtra.”
Fadnavis said, “I would certainly liked to play the host at the tea party on the eve of winter session. It was never my intention to undermine the role of opposition.”
Adding, “It is unfortunate that Congress and NCP are making an issue about my PM meeting.” The state chief minister indicated that, “During the meeting individual state chief ministers could raise the issues related to their state.
And I felt it was important as I would emphasise on several critical areas which requires centre’s intervention to push the state projects ahead.” The meeting has helped people of state.

Worlds fattest man  who weighed 444.5 Kg diesBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:16 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 2:33 pm
A 444.5 kg British man, believed to be the fattest in the world, has died from pneumonia following a lengthy battle with his weight.
44-year-old Keith Martin’s death happened just eight months after he had undergone a successful gastric sleeve surgery which removed three-quarters of his stomach, The Telegraph reported on Saturday. Martin’s weight was 70 stone (444.521 Kg) at his heaviest.
If he had lived he would have lost hundreds of pounds and regained his ability to walk and live a normal life, according to head surgeon Kesava Mannur who operated Martin at Homerton Hospital last year.
Mannur supported new NHS guidelines which encourage doctors to suggest weight-loss surgery for anyone with a BMI higher than 30 and type 2 diabetes.
“The government needs to make unhealthy fast food more expensive. Otherwise we’ll continue to see more and more people like Keith. In the past few years I have treated several people who weighed between 45 to 60 stone”, the doctor said.
“In Keith’s case, it’s a shame because he’d had successful surgery despite being high-risk because of his size. It was unlucky he then caught pneumonia,” he added.

US drone kills 9 Taliban fighters: Afghan officialBy: Associated Press | Kabul |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:38 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 3:39 pm
An Afghan official says a suspected US drone strike has killed nine alleged Pakistani Taliban fighters in a rural village near the border.
Provincial police chief Gen Abdul Habib Sayedkhili said on Sunday that the strike happened on Saturday in Kunar province’s Shigal District.
He says the strike on the village of Shiltan killed a senior Pakistani Taliban commander and wounded one.
The Taliban had no immediate comment about the strike. Taliban fighters from Pakistan and Afghanistan frequently cross the mountainous borders of the two countries to launch attacks on local troops and NATO forces.
In Laghman province, two suspected US drone strikes recently killed four Taliban fighters as well. NATO forces plan to wind down their combat mission in the country at the end of this month.

Uber cab rape case: Police conduct raids in UP  accused driver on the runComments
The Uber cab driver accused of raping a 25-year-old financial analyst in Delhi was arrested from his home town Mathura on Sunday, as the US online taxi-booking service faced several questions over lack of security checks.
Activists from All India Students Association (AISA) shout slogans against Delhi Police, protesting the rape of a woman by a cab driver, in New Delhi on Sunday. (Sonu Mehta/ HT photo)
Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, was nabbed by a joint team of the Delhi and Mathura police from the temple town in Uttar Pradesh where his car was found abandoned a day earlier.
He would be produced before a court in the Capital on Monday, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (north), said.
Yadav allegedly assaulted a 25-year-old woman MNC employee in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla late Friday night. The woman hailed a ride with him via Uber, which has launched an aggressive international expansion.
The alleged rape, reported days before the second anniversary of the brutal gangrape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in a moving bus in the Capital in December 2012, could have Uber facing legal action.
The San Francisco-based firm failed to run a background check on Yadav, also the car owner, and the vehicle was without a satellite tracking device, the police said. The address he gave to Uber was fake.
Police served a notice on the firm, asking it to join the investigation. “Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we’ll go for legal recourse,” Verma said. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case, he added.
The cab service initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
This made it difficult for the police initially. The breakthrough came after around 12 police teams carried out raids in different parts of UP, especially around Mathura, 160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi where the crime took place.
Laxmi Singh, deputy inspector general for Agra Range, said, "Police in Mathura, in coordination with the Delhi Police, were looking for the accused, who was finally arrested on Sunday evening from Meera Mohan Colony under Highway police station."
The driver had locked himself in a house to dodge the police teams chasing him, Deepak Mishra, special commissioner of Delhi Police (law and order), said.
The arrest came barely 30 minutes after the Delhi Police announced a reward of Rs. 1 lakh for information leading to Yadav.
Uber faces the heat
Uber has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the US.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokesperson.
But, it took the Delhi Police almost eight hours to trace Uber’s office in Gurgaon though the victim had provided them a picture of the car’s number plate she clicked on her phone.
Investigators found the Uber office locked, police said. The supervisor, they said, had little information about Yadav.
“The iPhone that was provided to him by Uber to track his location was switched off,” a senior investigating officer said. The SIM card of the phone was registered in the name of another driver, Gaurav, who told them that Yadav was a native of Mathura, the officer said.
Crime capital
The rape victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, told police she boarded the Uber cab at 9.30pm from south Delhi's Vasant Vihar, where she had gone for a party with friends.
She was raped at an isolated place between Sarai Rohilla and Inderlok, police said, adding the cabbie threatened to kill and sexually assault her with a rod if she resisted him. He dropped her home after the attack.
The cabbie even gave her a missed call from his mobile phone, police added.
According to her complaint, the woman had gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7pm. One of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat only to wake up and find that the car had stopped at a secluded spot.
The car doors were locked. When she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed and sexually assaulted her, police said.
"The woman clicked a photograph of the car's number plate and then made a PCR call to report the incident," police added.
The incident comes at a time when the Capital is under a high-security alert following threats of a sensational terror attack by Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Vehicle checks have been stepped up across the city and anti-sabotage barricades put in place ahead of US President Barack Obama's Republic Day visit to India.
Protests erupt
Dozens of students scuffled with officers on Sunday as they tried to enter police headquarters in New Delhi to protest the rising incidents of rape in the Capital.
"I am here to protest the irregularities and failure of the state machinery, which refuses to acknowledge that rapes happen due to their failure," said Urvashi Joshi, one of the demonstrators.
The protesters, from the All India Students Association, dispersed after an hour-long demonstration.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said the guilty should be booked immediately.
 
"The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future.
 
"This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government," Lalani said.
(With agency inputs)

US drone strike kills 5 in PakistanUS drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
Kashmiri students allegedly attacked by local goons inHaryanaWritten by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:14 am
In yet another attack on the Kashmiri students outside the valley, at least eight students from Kashmir Valley were injured when a scuffle broke out between two groups of students of Global Research Institute for Management and Technology in Haryana. Authorities have closed the college for a week and have asked the students to report back on December 16.
Around 200 J&K students are currently enrolled in the college. The students, who belong to different districts of the valley, are pursuing engineering courses under the Prime Minister Scholarship scheme for J-K students. After the attack students are now planning to move back to Kashmir.
Ishfaq Ahmad, a student in the college told The Indian Express that the scuffle broke out after a student from Jammu slapped a Kashmiri student during lunch break on Saturday afternoon. “Initially the matter was resolved on the intervention of seniors, but the student from Jammu called up goons from a local village and they thrashed every Kashmir student who opposed them,” he said.
Amir Ahmad, a second year student, also alleged that the local goons attacked the Kashmiri students. “Around 50-60 goons entered into the mess and started beating the Kashmiri students with iron rods and other weapons,” he said.
Students in the college said that around thirty students are injured in the attack, and out of them eight are admitted in the hospital.
Another student blamed the college and police for not helping the Kashmiri students. “We have told the police and the authorities that we will go back home but action should be taken against the people who attacked the Kashmiri students,” a student said, who wished not to be named. “Neither the college administration nor the police helped us.”
Superintendent of Police Ved Prakash Godra said that there was a scuffle between two groups of students and police is monitoring the situation. “There was a minor scuffle in the mess, between at least two groups of students who belonged to J&K. Four injured students have been admitted to the hospital,” he said.
He however, denied the reports that local goons entered into the college mess and attacked the Kashmiri students. “No sharp weapons were used by any student in the incident,” he said adding that the college authorities have declared one week “preparatory off” for the students in the college.
In August this year dozens of students enrolled at Swami Parmanand College of Engineering and Technology at Lalru Mohali returned to the Valley after the students were allegedly beaten by local Bharatiya Janta Party workers.
Also, In March, 67 Kashmiri students were expelled from Swami Vivekananda Subharti University (SVSU) for allegedly cheering Pakistan during the India-Pakistan match at the Asia Cup.

China ships 1000 tonnes of fresh water to Maldives to overcome its acute watercrisisBy: Press Trust of India | Beijing |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:56 pm
China has shipped 1,000 tonnes of fresh water to Maldives, a day after India dispatched over 1,200 tonnes of fresh water to overcome the crippling water crisis in the country’s capital.
China has arranged delivery of bottled water in two Chinese civil aircrafts to Male. The first plane has arrived with 12 tonnes bottled water on Saturday morning, while the second one with eight tonnes got there on Saturday night, Chinese foreign ministry said, adding that more water will be sent.
An ocean rescue vessel of the Chinese navy suspended its escort mission and headed for Male port on Friday. With 960 tonnes fresh water and seawater desalting facility on board, the vessel is scheduled to arrive at the destination on Monday, Chinese Defence Ministry was quoted as saying by Xinhua News Agency.
Aircraft of Chinese air force have been ready for urgent rescue mission, and the Chinese side is applying for air route with relevant countries, it added.
Male, located on a low-lying island in the Indian Ocean, has no natural water source and entirely depends on treated sea water.
A major fire broke out at the Maldives Water and Sewerage Company (generator control panel on December 4, causing extensive damage to the cabling of the generator to the Distillation plants, disconnecting water supply.
The Maldives has appealed for aid from India, Sri Lanka, the US and China.
India became the first country to provide aid. India on Friday sent nearly 200 tonnes of water by air and dispatched a naval vessel.
The Indian government has till now pressed into service as many as five Indian Air Force transport aircraft and two Naval vessels for the aid effort.
INS Sukanya, an offshore patrol vessel, was on a routine patrol off Kochi when it was diverted to Male.

US drone strike kills 9 Taliban fighters: AfghanofficialBy: Associated Press | Kabul |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:38 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 3:39 pm
An Afghan official says a suspected US drone strike has killed nine alleged Pakistani Taliban fighters in a rural village near the border.
Provincial police chief Gen Abdul Habib Sayedkhili said on Sunday that the strike happened on Saturday in Kunar province’s Shigal District.
He says the strike on the village of Shiltan killed a senior Pakistani Taliban commander and wounded one.
The Taliban had no immediate comment about the strike. Taliban fighters from Pakistan and Afghanistan frequently cross the mountainous borders of the two countries to launch attacks on local troops and NATO forces.
In Laghman province, two suspected US drone strikes recently killed four Taliban fighters as well. NATO forces plan to wind down their combat mission in the country at the end of this month.

SEBI can withhold info on probe against RIL:...Arun Agrawal
(The Central Information…)
NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission has allowed Securities and Exchange Board of India to withhold the information on its probe into alleged short selling of shares by Reliance Industries Limited in 2007 saying investigation has not concluded yet.
A Full Bench of the Commission comprising three retired bureaucrats-- Vijai Sharma, Manjula Prasher and M A Khan Yusufi-- agreed with SEBI's contention that final orders are yet to be passed by the competent authority under the SEBI Act and there is no overriding public interest in the disclosure.
"In the present case, final orders are yet to be passed by the competent authority under the SEBI Act. Therefore, the process of investigation against the RIL is still pending before SEBI and it cannot be said the same has reached its conclusion. Hence, the requested information falls under exemption under section 8(1) (h) of the Act," the Commission said in its order.
The case related to an RTI application filed by activist Arun Agrawal who had sought to know from SEBI the inspection report regarding the purported entities involved with RIL in the alleged short sale of shares of Reliance Petroleum in November 2007.
Agrawal also asked for the report of the SEBI inquiry officer with regards the matter, various applications of consent order/terms offered by RIL and the entities involved charged under Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices Regulations and other related documents.
During the hearing, Agrawal said the investors need to be informed about the amount of profit made by the 12 entities who were alleged to be working for personal gains and acting as agents of RIL.
"The disclosure of information would indicate that Rs 2000 crores of money minus the amount to compensate the investors will accrue to the public exchequer," he said during the hearing.
Agrawal said once the investigation report is submitted, the subsequent action or decision on that report is not exempted under section 8(1)(h) as the action being taken cannot be considered as a "process of investigation".
SEBI claimed mere submission of the investigation report to the competent authority does not imply a completion of the investigation process. The proceedings initiated under the SEBI Act have to be concluded by the passing of an order by the competent authority.
Amit Sibal, lawyer representing the RIL, had claimed during the hearing that as the SEBI has issued a show cause notice to RIL, the matter is pending adjudication therefore, inspection report is exempted under section 8(1)(h) of the RTI Act and should not be disclosed.
Sibal said as the appellant has failed to establish any case of public interest as per section 8(2) of the Act, the appeal may be dismissed as without merit.
The Commission said Agrawal had underlined public interest overriding the protected interest however, the other side argued that he is overstating the public interest without taking into account that the investigation is still going on.
"The main ground initially advanced by the appellant for disclosing the information under section 8(2) of the Act is that there has been a conspiracy between the RIL and other entities in short sale of shares and the investors have suffered losses, and that the general public must be informed about the unlawful means adopted by the RIL," it said.
The Bench said no "concrete and tangible" case of public interest has been made out by Agrawal which may be described as overriding the protected interest.
Commenting on the decision, Agrawal said earlier the commission had held that the same information should be revealed in public interest.
"Now for the commission to hold that information which involved 513 crores of losses to the investors on account of insider trading by RIL and another 1000 crores on account of price manipulation by the brokers is not in public interest raises a much larger issue of public interest," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chhattisgarh for change in working of plan panelChhattisgarh for change in working of plan panel
Delhi: Uber Cab Driver on the Run After Committing RapeDelhi: Uber Cab Driver on the Run After Committing Rape
Maruti bags lucrative army dealMaruti bags its single largest Army deal for Gypsy SUV
Sharmistha Mukherjee | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd (MSIL) recently got its single largest order, of a little over 4,000 units of its sports utility vehicle, the Gypsy, from the Indian Army.
The company declined to disclose the deal’s financial value, as the contract was finalised through central government tendering. The rate at which vehicles are being supplied to the army is different from the sale price in the domestic market. However, as the Gypsy’s ex-showroom price is Rs 5.42-5.96 lakh in this city, the order should be Rs 216-238 crore.
“The armed and paramilitary forces are a major customer for Maruti Suzuki. The army is amongst the major buyers of our vehicles since 1991. Starting with around 1,500 Gypsys the first year, we have sold about 31,000 of these to them. The latest order is the single largest we have had for the Gypsy from the army,” said R S Kalsi, executive director (marketing and sales).
IN THE FAST LANE
The company declined to disclose the deal’s financial value, as the contract was finalised through central government tendering
The rate at which vehicles are being supplied to the army is different from the sale price in the domestic market
The Gypsys supplied to the army are equipped with black-out convoy lights, which emit a green ray during black-outs
The vehicles also have towing hooks and special hooks for mounting of weapons
The latest order came after almost two years, due to the austerity drive initiated by the government in mid-2012
Cumulatively, Maruti Suzuki has manufactured close to 140,000 Gypsys for India and 22 per cent of these have been procured by the army. The specifications of those made for the army differ from the variants available for sale in the home market. “These (army) vehicles operate in tough terrain, in difficult geographies, such as in Ladakh. There are elaborate standards and quality inspection processes, which are carried out continuously. Given the good performance and the adequate availability of spares of our cars, the army prefers these,” added Kalsi.
The Gypsys supplied to the army are equipped with black-out convoy lights, which emit a green ray during black-outs. The vehicles also have towing hooks and special hooks for mounting of weapons.
Of the latest order of a little over 4,000 vehicles, Maruti  dispatched 2,100 units over the past two months. The rest will be made in the next four to five months. In the previous order, the army had procured around 1,100 Gypsys.
The latest order came after almost two years, due to the austerity drive initiated by the government in mid-2012.  “The government had temporarily stopped purchasing vehicles on account of the drive. But now the DGS&D (the central government purchase and quality assurance organisation) also recently approved the procurement of (our) Ciaz,” said Kalsi.
The Gypsy comes with a 1,298cc petrol engine. With customer preference shifting in favour of diesel in recent years, particularly in the utility vehicle segment, sales of the Gypsy for civilian use have been limited in recent years. A little over 90 per cent of the sales have been to the security forces in recent years.

Sahara sells Gurgaon land to M3M India for Rs. 1 211 croreNEW DELHI, December 4, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 08:00 IST
Sahara sells Gurgaon land to M3M India for Rs. 1,211 crore
PTI
File photo of Sahara group chairman Subrata Roy.
TOPICS
company information
As it tries to raise funds for securing release of chief Subrata Roy from Tihar jail, the Sahara group on Thursday sold a big land parcel in Gurgaon near here for Rs.1,211 crore to realty firm M3M India Ltd.
The group is also believed to have clinched deals for sale of two more land parcels (one in Vasai, Mumbai, and another in Jodhpur, Rajasthan) for over Rs.1,250 crore, while talks are in the final stages for sale of a Pune land tract.
An official announcement is yet to be made for these two deals.
Announcing the Gurgaon deal, probably the biggest land transaction so far in 2014, M3M India said the 185 acres it bought would be used for ‘mixed-use development’ and has sales revenue potential of Rs.12,000 crore over the next 6-8 years.
M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal said it was not a ‘distress sale’ by Sahara.
He further said the deal, subject to the Supreme Court’s approval, was clinched two months ago as per the prevailing market price after M3M India was approached by the Sahara group.
The entire amount of Rs.1,211 crore will be paid in instalments over a period of six months, while post-dated cheques have been given to the Sahara group for purchase of this land, situated at Chauma village in Gurgaon.
The deal announcement comes within days of the Supreme Court permitting the Sahara group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs.2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs.10,000 crore for Mr. Roy’s release.
Besides this Chauma land, the court has allowed Sahara to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai.
Sources said the Vasai land was being sold for Rs.1,111 crore, while that in Jodhpur for another Rs.140 crore.
Out of the list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property for Rs.411.80 crore, which has gone into SEBI account.
Mr. Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs.20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs.10,000 crore to get bail, of which Rs.5,000 crore should be paid in cash and the balance of the amount in bank guarantee.
Talking about the Gurgaon land deal, property consultant CBRE’s South Asia CMD Anshuman Magazine said: “The value is fair because the location is good.”

Japan s economy likely shrank less than expected in Q3  but still fragileUpdated: December 5, 2014 11:32 IST
Japan's economy likely shrank less than expected in Q3, but still fragile
Reuters
economy (general)
Japan's economy likely shrank less than initially estimated in the third quarter thanks to an increase in capital expenditure, underscoring views that the country only slipped into a shallow recession.
The world third-largest economy probably shrank an annualised 0.5 percent in July-September, compared with a preliminary reading of a 1.6 percent contraction, according to a Reuters survey of 24 economists.
Capital expenditure is seen to have risen 0.8 percent for the quarter from a preliminary 0.2 percent fall, the poll showed. The data could offer relief for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who called a snap election for December 14 after just two years in office to seek voters' mandate on his "Abenomics" strategy to reflate the economy and his decision to postpone a second sales tax hike originally scheduled for next year. But the expected upward revision will unlikely be strong enough to alter analysts' view that the economy remains fragile after a sales tax increase in April dampened consumer spending.
"Although the economy continues rebounding from falls after the sales tax hike, there is no change to our view that the pace of recovery will be only moderate," said an economist at Japan Research Institute in the survey.
Takeshi Minami, chief economist at Norinchukin Research Institute, said "the economy will likely return to growth in October-December, but there is still a high chance the economy will shrink for this fiscal year." The Cabinet Office will release the revised GDP data at 8:50 a.m on Monday, and the finance ministry will announce the current account balance for October at the same time. The current account balance probably show a surplus of 366.3 billion yen ($3.06 billion) in October, helped by gains in income balance which includes earnings from overseas subsidies. It would follow a 963 billion yen surplus in September.
The nation's leading indicator of capital spending, which will be released on Thursday, is expected to fall in October for the first time in five months, but analysts said the fall will be temporary as firms' strong earnings will help their expenditure. Core machinery orders, a highly volatile data series regarded as an indicator of capital spending in the coming six to nine months, likely fell 2.4 percent in October from the previous month, the survey showed.
"Large manufacturers' earnings are recovering due to a weak yen, firms' appetite for capital spending remains solid," said an economist at Shinkin Central Bank Research Institute. Compared with a year ago, core orders likely declined 0.3 percent in October, the survey showed, after a 7.3 percent rise the previous month. The Cabinet Office will release the data at 8:50 a.m. on Dec. 11.
The nation's wholesale prices, due on Wednesday, are expected to have risen 2.7 in percent in the year to November, according to the survey. The rise in the corporate goods price index (CGPI), which measures the price companies charge each other for their goods and services, follows a 2.9 percent increase in October.

Militants launch massive attack in poll-bound Jammu and Kashmirpicture  others
Militants launch massive attack in poll-bound Jammu and Kashmir
Soldiers stand near bodies of alleged suspected militants killed in a gunbattle in Gingal, some 90 kilometers north of Srinagar on Friday. (Source: AP)
Army soldier takes position on a road overlooking an army barrack during a gun-battle with suspected rebels in Gingal on Friday. (Source: AP)
In a daring pre-dawn attack ahead of third phase of elections in Jammu and Kashmir on December 9, heavily armed militants killed 8 Army men and three policemen around 3.10 AM at the camp in Mohra in Uri tehsil of north Kashmir’s Baramulla district. (Source: AP)
In Soura in the outskirts of the city, top Lashkar-e- Taiba commander Qari Israr was killed by security personnel when he was trying to enter the city, police said.
Uri: A police vehicle enters Mohra Army camp during a Fidayeen attack (Sucide attack), near the Line of Control in Uri in North Kashmir on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Security Forces keep vigil on encounter site in Soura on Friday (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Police said at least two militants travelling in a car tried to speed away from a check point at Ahmadnagar in Soura area this afternoon. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
The area has been cordoned off as another militant had taken refuge in a house in the same locality. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
A Kashmiri women with her kid look on the encounter in Soura on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Related

India launches GSAT-16Tweet
ISRO
Ariane 5 VA221 vehicle with GSAT-16 rolls out to the launch pad at Kourou space port in French Guiana on Sunday.
TOPICS
space programme
India’s communications satellite GSAT-16 was on Sunday, put on a Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO) by the European launcher Ariane 5 VA221, from the Kourou space port in French Guiana. Bad weather had delayed the flight by two days.
GSAT-16's 48 transponders - 12 in the C band, 12 in the extended C and 24 in the Ku band - cover the entire country and the Andaman & Nicobar islands.
The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) briefly said the 3,181 kg GSAT-16 was put in orbit.
It was delivered on an Ariane 5 rocket along with US broadcast satellite DIRECTV-14, launch company Arianespace said.
GSAT-16 will be used by television, telephone, Internet, public and private operators. It replaces the INSAT-3E — which expired in April this year — at 55 degrees East longitude.
The cost of the satellite, built by ISRO in Bengaluru, and Arianespace's launch fee are put at around Rs. 880 crore.
ISRO last launched a communication satellite in January this year.
The satellite now goes around Earth in a temporary elliptical one about 36,000 km at one end and it must be adjusted gradually into a circular one.
The first post-launch exercise to increase the satellite's orbit will be taken up a day later at around 4 a.m. at the Master Control Facility, Hassan, ISRO chief Radhakrishnan had told The Hindu before the launch.
The MCF monitors and handles all national communication satellites throughout their life and is about 200 km from Bengaluru.
Lasting 103 minutes, this will be one of the longest orbit adjustments that ISRO engineers have performed.
"Almost 66 per cent of orbit-raising will be covered in the first manoeuvre," Dr. Radhakrishnan had said.
Two more such orbit adjustments are planned for December 9 and 10.
"By noon [on December 10,] the third orbit-raising will be over and we have to deploy the solar panel and antenna. That is a crucial day," Dr. Radhakrishnan said.

Doctors will now write generic drugs name in capital letters: GovtWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Government lines up heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this weekDec 07, 2014 at 01:38pm IST
Government lines up heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week
22
0
New Delhi: Unfazed by the stalemate over the Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti issue, government has lined up a heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week including a bill seeking to replace coal blocks allocation ordinance.
The ordinance was brought in the wake of the Supreme Court decision cancelling 214 coal blocks in September which had unveiled the NDA government's ambitious coal sector reforms.
Government had promulgated Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014 in October to facilitate auctioning of the cancelled coal blocks.
Government had promulgated Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014 in October to facilitate auctioning of the cancelled coal blocks.
#sadhvi niranjan jyoti #nda #parliament #coal blocks
Incidentally, the coal ordinance has been opposed by the central trade unions, including RSS-affiliated trade union Bhartiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS).
BMS as also AITUC, CITU, HMS and INTUC have jointly opposed the government's proposal to allow private players to mine coal and sell it in the open market, a right till now reserved with the state-owned Coal India Limited (CIL). The ordinance has also come under attack from the Left parties.
The bill seeking to replace Textile Undertakings (Nationalisation) Laws (Amendment and Validation) Ordinance, 2014 is also on the agenda.
The ordinance was brought to shield the National Textile Corporation from rent control laws that have been used to evict its sick textile units from prime land in several cities.
Anti-hijacking Bill and Supplementary Demands for Grants and related appropriation bills are also on priority agenda so also Payments and Settlements Systems (Amendment) Bill, 2014 and Appropriation Acts (Repeal) Bill, 2014.
In the Rajya Sabha, several bills were scheduled to be taken up during the second week but could not be done so due to disruptions.
They include: The Textiles Undertakings (Nationalisation) Laws (Amendment and Validation) Bill, 2014 to replace an Ordinance, The Constitution Scheduled Castes Orders (Amendment) Bill, 2014, The Central Universities Bill, 2014 and The School of Planning and Architecture Bill, 2014 that have already been passed by the Lok Sabha this session.
During the second week of winter session last week, Lok Sabha passed four bills besides taking up another which remained inconclusive. In all, Lok Sabha passed nine bills during the first two weeks while Rajya Sabha could clear six.
The Upper House could not take up for discussion issues like prevailing agrarian crisis and the statement of the government on WTO talks besides calling attention motion on the naming of Shamshabad Airport due to disruptions.
1

PM Modi favourite to win  Time Person of the Year  pollDec 07, 2014 at 01:09pm IST
PM Modi favourite to win 'Time Person of the Year' poll
166
1
New York: Prime Minister Narendra Modi appears favourite to win the 'Time Person of the Year' poll, leading the online voting with a comfortable margin ahead of Ferguson protesters as voting closed for the annual honour.
Modi was the front runner with 16.2 per cent votes, followed by Ferguson protesters who got 9.2 per cent votes at the time the polls closed midnight last night.
While Time magazine's editors will choose the 'Person of the Year', the winner of the readers' poll will be announced on December 8.
While Time magazine's editors will choose the 'Person of the Year', the winner of the readers' poll will be announced on December 8.
#narendra modi #time magazine #malala yousafzai #time person of the year
The annual honour, bestowed by the magazine since 1927, goes to the person who "most influenced the news" during the year "for better or worse."
In a separate "Face-off" poll, Modi has been pitted against Indonesia's new president Joko Widodo. In this poll also, Modi has maintained a significant lead and garnered 69 per cent votes as against Widodo's 31 per cent.
At the third position was 18-year-old student activist Joshua Wong, who has become the face of Hong Kong's pro-democracy protests.
He had got seven per cent of the votes cast, followed by Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai with 4.9 per cent votes.
US President Barack Obama could not make it to the top 10 slots and was trailing with 2.2 per cent votes at the 11th position.
The Ferguson protesters had temporarily taken the lead from Modi last week as people around the US demonstrated against a grand jury's decision not to indict white police officer Darren Wilson who shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in August.
But Modi, "seen by many in India and around the world as having the potential to reinvigorate the country's economy," soon regained the lead in the online poll.
Modi is among 50 global leaders, business chiefs and pop icons named as contenders for the honour.
The other candidates in the fray for the title are Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei, Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, ISIS chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Chinese President Xi Jinping, US Secretary of State John Kerry and former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
Among the business chiefs and artists in the fray are Amazaon CEO Jeff Bezos, Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba founder Jack Ma, GM's first female CEO Mary Barra, Apple CEO Tim Cook and singers Beyonce, Taylor Swift, reality star Kim Kardashian and actress Jennifer Lawrence.
1948

Retail investors to get bigger pie in next PSU stake saleRetail investors to get bigger pie in next PSU stake sale
Plan panel a national spirit  must continue: Arunachal CMPlan panel a national spirit  must continue: Arunachal CM
Gujarat plans to build airport at DholaviraGujarat plans to build airport at Dholavira
PTI
THE HINDU The Harrappan site of Dholavira.
The Hindu Seals, Steatite from Harappan Period found at Dholavira. - Photo: V V Krishnan
Vadodara, Dec 7:  
The Gujarat Government is planning to construct and develop an airport at Dholavira in Kutch district, one of the two largest Harappan sites in the country and also a “paradise” for bird-watchers, to connect it to the national circuit for promoting tourism.
The State Tourism Minister, Saurabh Patel, today said that the Government has already identified 11 airstrips namely Ambaji, Palitana, Ankleshwar, Dwarka, Mandvi (Kutch), Morbi, Rajkot, Parsoli, Rajpipla, Dholavira and Dahej, for the purpose of setting up the airport.
“The government also wants to promote tourism through intra-state aviation service that will cover routes like Ahmedabad-Surat-Bhavnagar, Bhuj-Rajkot-Ahmedabad, Ahmedabad-Porbandar-Jamnagar, Kandla-Mandvi-Amreli-Ahmedabad and Ahmedabad-Keshod-Diu,” the Minister added.
“Kutch district has a long history, dating from the Harappan Civilisation that had thrived at Dholavira in the 2nd and 3rd Millennia BC to the Jadeja Rajput rulers, who reigned from 1540s till the merger of states in 1940s, and endowed their princely state with forts, palaces, temples and other monuments of historic and religious importance,” Patel said.
‘Rann Festival’
The district is currently hosting the ‘Rann Festival’ (desert festival) which was inaugurated at Dhordo village yesterday by the Chief Minister, Anandi Patel.
The festival is the brainchild of the then Chief Minister and incumbent Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Patel said the cultural extravaganza has been drawing tourists from across the country and also from abroad in droves with each passing year.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Maharashtra Govt urged to set up auto hub in VidarbhaMaharashtra Govt urged to set up ‘auto hub’ in Vidarbha
PTI
Tweet
Nagpur, Dec 7:  
Rajya Sabha member Vijay Darda has requested the Maharashtra Chief Minister, Devendra Fadnavis, to facilitate setting up of an ‘automobile hub’ here to attract investments and create job opportunities in Vidarbha region.
The automobile industry has the potential to create huge employment opportunities. One mother unit supports between 100 and 300 ancillary units and hence the State Government should take an initiative to set up an ‘automobile hub’ in Nagpur, Darda said in a letter to Fadnavis, a copy of which was released to the media today.
Darda said for the last three years, he had been trying to pursue the issue with the State Government and had written to the former Chief Minister, Prithviraj Chavan, and the then Union Heavy Industries Minister, Praful Patel, in this regard.
He also mentioned in the letter that the then State Industries Minister, Jawaharlal Darda, had made an effort to lure auto industry to Vidarbha region.
M&M tractor plant
Mahindra & Mahindra’s tractor plant was set up in MIDC and is successfully running. The plant had begun with five tractors per day and now the capacity has reached 250 tractors per day, the Lokmat Group Chairman pointed out.
Vidarbha, with its geo-centric location in the country, world-class industrial and social infrastructure and salubrious climate round the year, is an ideal region to set up an industry.
The only need is vigorous promotion of the region by offering sops and tax concessions, Darda said, adding that if the ‘auto hub’ comes up in Vidarbha, it will create job avenues in all 11 districts of the region.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Modi third most popular leader on Twitter after Obama  Pope FrancisModi third most popular leader on Twitter after Obama  Pope Francis
India spent Rs one lakh crore on diseases caused by tobacco in 2011: Health ministryreportBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 3:26 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 3:36 pm
Diseases caused by tobacco consumption caused an economic burden of Rs 1.04 lakh crore in 2011 to India, according to a report by Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
In reply to an RTI query, the Health Ministry said a study carried out by it has found that in 2011, Rs 1.04 lakh crore was spent on tobacco-related diseases among people in the age group 35-69.
The ministry said the Health Secretary had written to the Cabinet Secretary in this regard to set up an inter- ministerial committee to coordinate between ministries over WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC) and issues related to control of tobacco.
The health ministry said under the National Tobacco Control Program school programmes to spread awareness among children is an important district-level activity.
Delhi-based activist Gopal Prasad had filed an RTI asking about the cost borne by the government and public due to diseases the consumption of alcohol, cigarette and tobacco.

India surprised this year; may do so again in 2015:CitigroupBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 7, 2014 3:25 pm
India has “really surprised” in 2014 and it might do so again next year as the country’s GDP figure is expected to pick-up from 5.6 per cent in the current fiscal to 7 per cent in 2016-17, a Citigroup report says.
According to the global financial services major, following two years of sub 5 per cent growth, India’s GDP is expected to be around 5.6 per cent in 2014-15 and around 6.5 per cent in 2015-16.
“We believe India could make material strides in reforming the ‘factors of production’ in 2015 â€“ land, labour, capital and enterprise. Faster than anticipated progress on these fronts could result in upsides to our FY16 GDP estimate of 6.5 per cent.
“Investment and consumption resulting in growth pick-up from 5.6 per cent in FY15 to 7 per cent in FY17,” Citigroup said in a research note, adding that “reform momentum could accelerate the pace”.
The Indian economy picked up momentum, driven by business friendly Narendra Modi government, progress on RBI’s financial sector reforms and sharp drop in commodity prices.
All these factors have been “high on the radar of global investors with equity markets up 35 per cent so far this year and a stable currency in the Rs 59-63 range”.
The global brokerage firm noted that in 2013, it was the CAD that was brought down from 4.7 per cent of GDP to 1.7 per cent; in 2014, it was inflation which fell from a peak of 11 per cent to 5.5 per cent, and in 2015 it is likely to show up in interest rates and growth.
“While one can debate on the timing, we reiterate our view that India is on its way back to 7 per cent growth and lower inflation,” the report noted.
The GDP growth in the second quarter of this fiscal year slowed marginally to 5.3 per cent lower than the 5.7 per cent print in this first quarter.
“Despite the deceleration in second quarter GDP growth, we maintain our view of FY15 GDP at 5.6 per cent as the risks are fairly balanced” Citigroup said driven by pick-up in reforms momentum, sharp decline in inflation and continued de-bottlenecking of stalled investments.
According to Citigroup, there are three internal risk factors to the aforementioned projections — NPA issues in the banking sector, jobless growth, and minority status in the Rajya Sabha. The three major external risk factors include, geo-political/price shocks, market turbulence and global trade protectionism.

Sahara group to sell Mumbai  Jodhpur land parcels for Rs 1 251crBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 7, 2014 3:23 pm
After selling land in Gurgaon for Rs 1,211 crore recently, Sahara group is believed to have finalised two more land parcels deals – one in Mumbai and another in Jodhpur – for over Rs 1,250 crore.
Besides, talks are in final stages for sale of another land parcel by Sahara group in Pune, sources said.
Similar to the Gurgaon land deal, which is probably the biggest so far this year in the national capital region, all the three land parcels may be sold to the local real estate developers in the respective cities.
The land sales are part of the group’s efforts to raise funds to secure release of its chief Subrata Roy from Tihar Jail, where he is lodged since March 4 in a case related to alleged non-refund of money collected from investors for certain bonds even as the group claims to have repaid over 93 per cent of the outstanding amount directly to investors.
The group has also maintained that the amount already deposited with the regulator Sebi exceeds the pending dues.
In Gurgaon, Sahara has sold 185 acres of land to M3M India Ltd, which plans to use for ‘mixed-use development’ and would pay the group the entire money in six instalments.
The deal was announced last Thursday within days of the Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for Roy’s release.
These four properties include land in Chauma (Gurgaon), Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai (in Mumbai).
Sources said that the Vasai land is being sold for Rs 1,111 crore, while that in Jodhpur for another Rs 140 crore.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property for Rs 411.8 crore, which has gone into Sebi account.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
The group had earlier deposited Rs 3,117 crore with Sebi, followed by another amount of Rs 411.82 crore raised through sale of an Ahmedabad property.

Govt lines up heavy legislative agenda in Parliament thisweekPosted: December 7, 2014 3:21 pm
 
Unfazed by the stalemate over the Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti issue, government has lined up a heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week including a bill seeking to replace coal blocks allocation ordinance.
The ordinance was brought in the wake of the Supreme Court decision cancelling 214 coal blocks in September which had unveiled the NDA government’s ambitious coal sector reforms.
Government had promulgated Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014 in October to facilitate auctioning of the cancelled coal blocks.
Incidentally, the coal ordinance has been opposed by the central trade unions, including RSS-affiliated trade union Bhartiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS).
BMS as also AITUC, CITU, HMS and INTUC have jointly opposed the government’s proposal to allow private players to mine coal and sell it in the open market, a right till now reserved with the state-owned Coal India Limited (CIL).
The ordinance has also come under attack from the Left parties.
The bill seeking to replace Textile Undertakings (Nationalisation) Laws (Amendment and Validation) Ordinance, 2014 is also on the agenda.
The ordinance was brought to shield the National Textile Corporation from rent control laws that have been used to evict its sick textile units from prime land in several cities.
Anti-hijacking Bill and Supplementary Demands for Grants and related appropriation bills are also on priority agenda so also Payments and Settlements Systems (Amendment) Bill, 2014 and Appropriation Acts (Repeal) Bill, 2014.
In the Rajya Sabha, several bills were scheduled to be taken up during the second week but could not be done so due to disruptions.
They include: The Textiles Undertakings (Nationalisation) Laws (Amendment and Validation) Bill, 2014 to replace an Ordinance, The Constitution Scheduled Castes Orders (Amendment) Bill, 2014, The Central Universities Bill, 2014 and The School of Planning and Architecture Bill, 2014 that have already been passed by the Lok Sabha this session.
During the second week of winter session last week, Lok Sabha passed four bills besides taking up another which remained inconclusive. In all, Lok Sabha passed nine bills during the first two weeks while Rajya Sabha could clear six.
The Upper House could not take up for discussion issues like prevailing agrarian crisis and the statement of the government on WTO talks besides calling attention motion on the naming of Shamshabad Airport due to disruptions.

9-year-old girl gangraped  accused arrested9-year-old girl gangraped  accused arrested
Come with proof of black money: Switzerland to IndiaCome with proof of black money: Switzerland to India
Cong gets over Rs 66 cr in donations above Rs 20 000  BSP nilCong gets over Rs 66 cr in donations above Rs 20 000  BSP nil
Obuchi to defend seat in snap election© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b8f4dd6c-70a7-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reliance Industries to Explore Oil and Gas Opportunities in MexicoYou are here: Home Corporates
Reliance Industries to Explore Oil and Gas Opportunities in Mexico
Reuters | Updated On: December 05, 2014 12:06 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Mumbai: Reliance Industries said on Friday it has entered a pact with Mexico's national oil company Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) to explore potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in that country.
The deal comes as Mexico, the world's tenth-largest crude producer, is implementing sweeping reform of the energy sector that was approved earlier this year and that ended Pemex's decades-long monopoly.
Mexico's energy regulator last month said it seeks to lure over $50 billion in investment through 2018 to stem long-sliding crude production. Current production in Mexico is around 2.35 million barrels per day.
Pemex and Reliance, controlled by India's richest man, Mukesh Ambani, will also explore international markets for "value added opportunities", the Indian energy conglomerate said in a statement.
Mexico's Pemex has been trying to expand its presence in India and other markets beyond neighbouring United States. The Mexican oil giant has said it sees India and China as future growth markets for crude.
Pemex signed an agreement in September with ONGC Videsh, the overseas business unit of India's state-run Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, to explore opportunities in Mexico's hydrocarbon sector.
Pemex was unavailable to comment outside of regular business hours on Friday.
Reliance, which operates the world's biggest refinery, said its tie-up with Pemex was in line with its strategy to expand its international asset base in regions with "attractive competitive opportunities."
In June, Ambani told a shareholders meeting that Reliance, which has invested more than $7 billion on joint ventures in the United States, was looking to expand its international presence beyond the world's largest economy.
Shares in Reliance, India's third-most valuable company with a market capitalisation of more than $50 billion, were up 0.7 per cent at Rs 964.60 at 10:48 a.m., while the Nifty was up 0.12 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Eveready Sees 10-15% Growth This Fiscal YearSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Eveready Industries expects its revenues to grow 10-15 per cent in the current financial year, managing director Amritanshu Khaitan told NDTV. The company had posted a net profit of Rs 13.60 crore on revenues of 1,152.34 crore in 2013-14 fiscal year. Eveready's business includes consumer batteries, flashlights and bulbs.
"As a company on the whole this year we are planning to grow our topline by 10-15 per cent, this is for two reasons. We are seeing some growth coming in the battery segment, but the price increases we have taken over the last 18 months is adding to the value growth," Mr Khaitan said. ( Watch video )
Eveready last increased the prices of batteries by Rs 5-10 per strip of 10 batteries in March, effective from April, due to rise in raw material cost.
"We are even initiating a price increase in our flashlight segment to aid the value growth for the company and thirdly our lighting business is showing very robust growth of around 30-40 per cent for the year," he said.
Input costs are currently "very stable", Mr Khaitan said, although he added that he would not see it as a softening trend, as zinc prices have gone up by 5 per cent in the last few months which have offset gains from other chemical fronts. Zinc constitutes 15 per cent of the raw material basket.
"But with the rupee remaining more or less stable, the overall raw material basket I would say is at very stable level, a few per cent up down which really doesn't affect margins to that extent."
Eveready has a large import basket of raw materials and has been helped by the rupee which has been trading in the 59-61 range in the current fiscal year.
The battery segment has been seeing growth largely owing to India's move towards digitisation of television channels, which means more remotes in every household. While the AAA segment is seeing a 10-15 per cent volume growth, the AA segment is overall seeing a 7-8 per cent growth, Mr Khaitan said.
However, in the AA segment, a large chunk of the growth is being eaten up by cheap Chinese batteries because the industry does not have anti-dumping duty anymore, Eveready said.
"As an association, as an industry we are going to appeal to the government to bring back this anti-dumping because under Mr Modi and the whole 'Made in India' campaign, if an industry like batteries which is really being consumed by the poorest of poor, is getting hit due to cheap Chinese batteries coming in," Mr Khaitan said.
On Friday, the Eveready scrip ended 3.26 per cent higher at Rs 191.35 on the BSE, outperforming the broader Sensex and the Nifty which closed in the red.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 16:22 (IST)

Classical music should be at the centre of political debate© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7803a998-7aeb-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Philippines  think outside the boxer© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/ef44e5d8-761f-11e4-9761-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Typhoon Rammasun batters PhilippinesJuly 16, 2014 10:51 am
Typhoon Rammasun batters Philippines
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ef4782de-0cc0-11e4-90fa-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s GSAT-16 Launched SuccessfullyIndia s GSAT-16 Launched Successfully
Trai recommendations on 3G spectrum may be out by early JanTrai recommendations on 3G spectrum may be out by early Jan
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 07, 2014 11:45 AM IST
Sectoral regulator Trai is expected to give recommendations for base price and valuation of 3G spectrum by early January as the government plans to auction the airwaves along with 2G sale scheduled in February.
"There is an open house discussion on December 22 on the issue and the recommendations can be out by the first two weeks of January or earlier," a source in Trai said.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) has issued a consultation paper on valuation and reserve price of spectrum in 2100 MHz band, used for 3G services, on December 2.
The Department of Telecom had on October 16 asked Trai to give recommendations for reserve price of spectrum in 2100 MHz, 2300 MHz and 2500 MHz bands. DoT though on November 27 asked Trai to expedite the process for 2100 MHz band pricing.
"Trai will give the recommendations of 2100 MHz first and later work on 2300 Mhz and 2500 MHz bands," the source said.
Telecom companies as well as the regulator have been of the view that the auction should take place only when adequate spectrum is made available, and the bidding should be held simultaneously for both the services - 2G and 3G.
The Department of Telecom is in talks with the Defence Ministry for the vacation of spectrum in 2100 MHz band and there are three possible scenarios under deliberation.
In case one, if no spectrum is released by the Defence, then auction can't be conducted in this band.
The second scenario is that it releases 5 MHz in 17 circles, in that case one block of 5 MHz spectrum will be available for auction in 17 circles.
The third scenario could be the Defence swapping 2100 MHz spectrum with 1900 MHz. In that case, in addition to 5 MHz spectrum in 17 circles, it may release 15 MHz on pan-India basis by swapping 2100 Mhz spectrum with 1900 Mhz.
The Defence had released 20 MHz out of 25 MHz in 2100 MHz band allocated to DoT under the agreement with Defence on a pan-India basis and one more block of 5 MHz in 5 circles, which was auctioned in 2010.
Under the agreement with DoT, the remaining spectrum is to be vacated only after the alternate communication network is completed.
The next round of spectrum auction is proposed to be held in February and the government is estimated to garner at least Rs 9,355 crore from sale of radiowaves.
As per estimates, auction of spectrum in 2100 Mhz band in February can fetch bids worth at least Rs 5,000 crore.

GOPs Cassidy wins Louisiana senate raceRepublican Cassidy trounces Landrieu in Louisiana senate race
Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ffce670-7dc0-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Come with proof about black money: Swiss to IndiaHi Guest
Come with proof about black money: Swiss to India
The issue of black money suspected to be stashed abroad, including in Swiss banks, has been a matter of intense debate in India for years. As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations. Switzerland's Ambassador to India Linus von Castelmur also said the past cannot be ...

Will check transmission losses: Maharashtra energy ministerWill check transmission losses: Maharashtra energy minister
PTI
Tweet
Nagpur, Dec 7:  
The Maharashtra Energy Department will make all efforts to minimise transmission losses and improve power generation to make it available at reasonable rates to consumers, the state Energy Minister, Chandrashekhar Bawankule, said today.
The transmission lines are old, in bad condition and quite lengthy which need to be curtailed to avoid power failure in villages, Bawankule, who was on Friday inducted as Cabinet Minister in the State Government, told reporters here.
Coal washeries
The quality of coal supply will also be checked and if possible, MahaGenco would be permitted to set up and operate coal washeries, he said.
The coal washeries will help check undesired materials like stones and dust and will help improve the calorific value of coal per tonne, which will ultimately improve power generation, he said.
Air, water pollution
The other concern is pollution, Bawankule said, who stays close to Koradi Thermal Power Station near Nagpur.
The minister said that he was aware of the air and water pollution around power plants in the State and that he will take necessary steps to check the flying ash content in coal-fired power stations with the help of a new technology.
Also, there would be no compromise on tackling corruption issues. They will be thoroughly probed in all aspects, including coal supply, procurement of equipment and other spares, he said.
To a question, Bawankule said the government will reconsider subsidy to the tune of Rs 750 crore per month for industries, which was purely a political decision for a limited period.
Approximately Rs 10,000 crore was being given per year which was unjust, he said.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Modi favourite to win  Time Person of the Ye...You are here: Home > Collections > Honour
Narendra Modi favourite to win 'Time Person of the Year' poll
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 02.49PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Narendra Modi appears favourite…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi appears favourite to win the 'Time Person of the Year' poll, leading the online voting with a comfortable margin ahead of Ferguson protesters as voting closed for the annual honour.
Modi was the front runner with 16.2 per cent votes, followed by Ferguson protesters who got 9.2 per cent votes at the time the polls closed midnight last night.
While Time magazine's editors will choose the 'Person of the Year', the winner of the readers' poll will be announced on December 8.
The annual honour, bestowed by the magazine since 1927, goes to the person who "most influenced the news" during the year "for better or worse."
In a separate "Face-off" poll, Modi has been pitted against Indonesia's new president Joko Widodo.
In this poll also, Modi has maintained a significant lead and garnered 69 per cent votes as against Widodo's 31 per cent.
At the third position was 18-year-old student activist Joshua Wong, who has become the face of Hong Kong's pro-democracy protests.
He had got seven per cent of the votes cast, followed by Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai with 4.9 per cent votes.
US President Barack Obama could not make it to the top 10 slots and was trailing with 2.2 per cent votes at the 11th position.
The Ferguson protesters had temporarily taken the lead from Modi last week as people around the US demonstrated against a grand jury's decision not to indict white police officer Darren Wilson who shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in August.
But Modi, "seen by many in India and around the world as having the potential to reinvigorate the country's economy," soon regained the lead in the online poll.
Modi is among 50 global leaders, business chiefs and pop icons named as contenders for the honour.
The other candidates in the fray for the title are Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei, Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , ISIS chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Chinese President Xi Jinping , US Secretary of State John Kerry and former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
Among the business chiefs and artists in the fray are Amazaon CEO Jeff Bezos, Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba founder Jack Ma , GM's first female CEO Mary Barra, Apple CEO Tim Cook and singers Beyonce, Taylor Swift, reality star Kim Kardashian and actress Jennifer Lawrence.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How social media can both empower and gut usersIn the physical world, serious charges brought against innocent individuals have legal remedies. The cyberworld has no such panaceas.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Harish Nambiar
At the 2011 Jaipur Literary Festival, Turkish Nobel laureate Orhan Pamuk was asked one of those stupid questions that are occupational hazards for most writers. Was the theme of The Museum of Innocence that philosophical love is deeper than physical love? "That depends on the penetration," Sufi-land's Pamuk responded, pat, from all accounts.
But the good news is that the land of Kamasutra has started to score on penetration in the virtual playground of philosophical, physical and political love and hate that is the social media. India's online population will touch 283.8 million by 2016, overtaking the US at 264.9 million in the same period, according to US-based EMarketer. By 2018, India will have 346.3 million internet users compared with the US' 274.1 million. China will continue to retain its top slot with a little over 700 million by 2016 and 777 million by 2018, but most of the users will be much older than Indians.
A more gung-ho report by Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and IMRB International predicts that India will overtake the US as the country with the world's second-largest internet user base before New Year Eve.
Ripple Effects
A majority of Indians are connected to the internet via their mobile phones, riding on broadband connections offered by telecom companies. It is a platform for reactive, knee-jerk responses supporting or declaiming lies and half-truths or innocuous happenings, all of which amplify into a cacophony. Often with disastrous results that leave lives shattered.
Two incidents in the last month are examples. A video of two sisters from Haryana's Rohtak showed some rarest of rare images: two brave young girls fighting off purported male molesters in a bus with belts. As soon as the video went viral, the state's newly elected chief minister announced a cash reward for the girls and hailed them as exemplars of women resisting demeaning male stalkers. In due course, it was announced that the sisters, Pooja (19) and Aarti (22) would be honoured at the Republic Day Parade.
If there was pathos in the Rohtak sisters warding off male cretins, there was bathos in a second video that too went viral and also involved a young woman — Aayenah Pahuja. She was anchoring the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) from Goa for the state-run Doordarshan (DD) and made some laughable gaffes including calling the governor of Goa the governor of India and failing to identify some of the biggest stars of the film festival whom she interviewed with inane questions. Pathos and bathos switched sides in a few days.
A series of updates on the girls from Rohtak, gleefully tagged Bravehearts, brought out a less heroic tale. The boys who were beaten up in the bus did not molest them but were pounced upon to settle an argument over bus seats. The Indian Army has already summarily rejected the youngsters from applying on the basis of the viral video and the outrage it evoked. The boys had cleared the preliminary tests but are now facing charges that may be false, if reports of several of the co-passengers of the bus are to be believed.
Thanks to the second video, Pahuja, 24, has been fired by DD. The mountain of ridicule she faced online has traumatised her to the point of feeling suicidal. "My career has been ruined. I am so distressed I have not eaten in four days. My family approached the cybercrime department so the video was taken off but new people keep uploading it," she said.
How does the state regulate the spontaneous outpouring of emotions on social media that affect private lives, often tragically?

Uri attack: Army says terrorists target was to hit civilian points to disruptpollsPosted: December 7, 2014 3:33 pm
 
Army on Sunday said the militants’ group, which carried out the attack on its Uri camp, was looking to hit civilian targets in order to create fear ahead of the third phase polling in the state.
“(Either side of) the road between Baramulla and Uri is densely populated now. The aim must have been to come and strike at civilian targets to cause fear and disrupt the peaceful conditions ahead of the polls,” General Officer
Commanding of Army’s 15 Corps Lt General Subrata Saha told reporters here.
Lt General Saha, however, dismissed assertions that the attacks were due to failure of the counter-infiltration grid
along the Line of Control (LoC). “Had that been the case they could have attacked the civilian targets that they were
looking for,” he added.
Eleven security personnel including eight soldiers were killed in the pre-dawn attack on the Army camp by militants,
who had infiltrated from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, before all the six assailants were shot dead.
“They (militants) came and banged against this position of ours and where in a span of barely 60 odd metres, all the
six terrorists were neutralised,” Lt Gen Saha said, adding “the fact they have been eliminated, the security grid has
succeeded with a heavy price.”
Paying tribute to the soldiers and policemen killed in the operation, Lt Gen Saha said it is their brave fight that
ensured that the attack on civilian targets was avoided and “any harm to innocent civilians, particularly during this
period when elections are on, was avoided”.
Mohra, the scene of the deadly gunbattle on Friday, is located 10 kilometres from the Haji Peer Pass and Kamalkote,
the nearest points on the Line of Control. There are several densely populated villages located between the army camp targeted by the militants and the LoC.
The army commander said there was enough evidence to show that the assailants were supported by the Pakistani
establishment and that the attack and other incidents before it along the Line of Control in Kashmir were coordinated and synchronised.

Al-Qaeda suspect among four killed in US drone strike inPakistanThe drone strike took place in Khar Tangi village in Datta Khel, North Waziristan, a mountainous region bordering Afghanistan. (Source: Reuters photo)
By: Reuters | Dera Ismail Khan |
Posted: December 7, 2014 3:28 pm
A senior member of al Qaeda and three other suspected militants were killed in Pakistan on Sunday when a U.S. drone attacked a house they were in, Pakistani military officials said.
The attack came a day after Pakistani forces killed a major al Qaeda leader, Adnan el-Shukrijumah. The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation had offered $5 million for his capture in connection with a plot to bomb the New York subway system.
Four Pakistani military officials said a senior member of al Qaeda was among the dead in the strike by a missile-firing drone on Sunday. They identified him as Omar Farooq and said he operated in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
One official said Farooq, also called Ustad Farooq, was in his early thirties and was head of al Qaeda’s regional media department.
“He is the first Pakistani to be appointed to a senior-level position in al Qaeda,” a military official told Reuters.
“He has been key in pushing al Qaeda to focus on South Asia and helped evolve al Qaeda’s South Asia policy and specifically its anti-India activities. It was on his advice that al Qaeda officially declared the Pakistan army an apostate army.”
The drone strike took place in Khar Tangi village in Datta Khel, North Waziristan, a mountainous region bordering Afghanistan. Khar Tangi is about 45 km (28 miles) west of Miranshah, North Waziristan’s main town.
One military official said six men were killed in the attack. Drone strikes often have conflicting death tolls because independent witnesses can rarely access the areas where they take place.
The Pakistani government often publicly protests drone strikes, calling them an infringement of national sovereignty.
But many Pakistanis suspect their government secretly colludes to help identify targets, a policy that would be unpopular if it was made public.
Drone strikes in Pakistan stopped for the first six months of the year while the government held peace talks with the Pakistani Taliban.
But the talks failed and the strikes resumed days before the military announced a major anti-Taliban offensive in North Waziristan on June 15.
Military officials say they have killed more than 1,000 militants in the North Waziristan fighting. A second front has been launched in nearby Khyber Agency.
Access to North Waziristan is strictly controlled. The military ordered most civilians to leave before fighting began, so independent reports on the fighting are rare.

Mulayam bats for Indian languages in government officesMulayam bats for Indian languages in government offices
Artificial enzymes suggest life doesnt need DNA or RNA:ResearchBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 7, 2014 3:46 pm
Researchers have developed artificial enzyme from genetic material that does not exist in nature, called XNA, an advance that hints at the possibility that life could evolve without DNA or RNA.
DNA or deoxyribonucleic acid and ribonucleic acid or RNA are two self-replicating molecules considered indispensablefor life on Earth.
“Our work with XNA shows that there’s no fundamental imperative for RNA and DNA to be prerequisites for life,” said Philipp Holliger of the Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, UK.
XNA or xeno nucleic acid created by Holliger’s team contains the same bases – adenine, thymine, guanine, cytosine
and uracil – on which DNA and RNA rely for coding hereditary information, ‘New Scientist’ reported.
In DNA and RNA, the sugars are deoxyribose and ribose, respectively. Holliger made new types of genetic material by replacing these with different sugars or other molecules. In the new study, researchers showed that XNAs can also
serve as enzymes – indispensable catalysts for speeding up chemical reactions vital for life.
One of the first steps towards life on Earth is thought to be the evolution of RNA into self-copying enzymes. The XNA enzymes can’t yet copy themselves but they can cut and paste RNA, just like natural enzymes do, and even paste together fragments of XNA.
Holliger said that RNA and DNA may have come to dominate Earth by chance, simply because they were the best
evolutionary materials to hand. “You could speculate that on other planets, XNAs would dominate instead,” he said.

Mosaic is beautiful!Updated: December 7, 2014 16:16 IST
Mosaic is beautiful!
Martaban ka Meat at Latitude
Roti pe Boti at Latitude
TOPICS
food and dining (general)
A hearty meal at Latitude in Mosaic hotel, Noida, and a few lessons learnt from accompanying children
Oh! Lord, the kind of things today’s children love. The other day at Latitude, the Mosaic hotel’s cosy little restaurant, I observed and learnt from the children around! Clearly amazed at the lattice work with a backdrop of glass on one of the walls, they went and poked their little fingers into the diamond-shaped opening. They loved the feeling! Then they made little decks with their hands, trying to imitate the topaz blue ceiling build like a victory podium. Then they rushed to the washroom and came running back to report that with its shiny red marble and large glasses it was so beautiful. They were not bluffing. They meant what they said for they were back there half an hour later. In between, they laid their hands on little muffin-sized cakes and loved every drop of the melting cake! Looking left and right, then convincing themselves that nobody was looking, they dipped their fingers into the bowl and, within seconds, licked it dry. It was truly a finger licking delight for them.
Next in, they were enjoying themselves with litchi juice. No sooner had they taken a few sips, they realised, that piped music was not being played. So little Maryam requested, only half audibly, if they could have the music please! And lo, magic! Out of nowhere, we had music. Not exactly my kind, but who is to complain with smiling, grinning children all around?
In came a platter of kababs, seekh ones that were not particularly soft. Or as tasty as on my last visit here. However, roti pe boti was truly outstanding. The meat was tender, the bread soft and succulent. And yes, it was spicy. Delightfully so. The children, meanwhile, turned vegetarian and tucked into sabz galouti with relish. If they found it a little spicy, they did not say it in words; their eyes said it all. The executive chef, Biswajit Roy, a man of many seasons, understood without prompting. And soon got his guys to get a plate of gol guppas with lots of curd for little Aliza. So, next time she found anything spicy, there were gol guppas to compensate.
But, hey, kids are anything but predictable. Nor are they easily appeased. So, they got themselves a plate of chocolates as part of the main course! Meanwhile, I continued my culinary journey, quiet, delicious, leisurely. Skipping Awadh biryani, I ordered the Latitude Special Martaban ka meat. Though the chef has changed since my last visit a few months ago, it tasted just the same. Slightly spicy, slightly tangy, it went well with tandoori roti. It went even better without it, so tender was the meat. The bones were rich in marrow, the meat pieces well sliced. The fat gave a good base to the nalli. The kids, meanwhile, had Martaban ke chhole. Now, I had known chhole to be made in a cooker, a pot, a karhai but martaban was the first time I had heard. The chef, honest as ever, revealed they were named so but merely placed in martaban for well rounded garnishing.
Not the one to complain, I got myself another Latitude Special: kundan kaliyan, a non-vegetarian delight, high on curd, low on spices. It gives out a rich aroma. The meat is prepared in mustard oil with lots of ingredients, including the ever popular bay leaf. Kundan kaliyan is good enough as the sole entry for main course. Here the fingers slide into the meat, the curry is rich too. And what do I do? I take a lesson from the children around: look left, look right, then lick my fingers dry!
The best, as far as children are concerned, is yet to arrive. That comes in the form of a rich spread of ice creams and gajar ka halwa. Vanilla, butterscotch, strawberry….they were all there. The children’s eyes almost popped out in delight. Then there was gajar ka halwa, which reminded me of the preparation back home. Not so rich in khoya, not too sweet, it is just right for the season. And to round off a wonderful evening.
I left the restaurant thanking the staff for the consistently prompt service and unendingly warm hospitality. The children uttered their ‘thank you-s’ and we came out a happy bunch.
Life is beautiful, God is kind, Mosaic is wonderful.

Modi meets CMs on Planning Commission revampNew Delhi, December 7, 2014
Updated: December 8, 2014 01:34 IST
Most CMs favour restructuring of Planning Commission
Puja Mehra
Tweet
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacts with Chief Ministers and Governors at a retreat at his Race Course Road residence in New Delhi on Sunday, after a meeting on Planning Commission revamp.
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley during a meeting on Planning Commission revamp, in New Delhi on Sunday.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
NDA-ruled States, T.N., Telangana want plan panel disbanded; Congress-ruled States feel the body can “evolve”
There was no consensus among Chief Ministers at a meeting specially convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the nature of the body that should replace the Planning Commission.
At Sunday’s meeting, Congress Chief Ministers questioned the Government’s approval to scrap the Planning Commission, which was announced by the Prime Minister on August 15. Instead, they demanded that the Centre reinvent the plan panel rather than scrapping it and replacing it with a new body.
At the consultation meeting, the Centre and States also couldn’t reach any agreement on whether India should retain or scrap five-year plans and the annual State plans. Briefing reporters after the meeting Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the Centre would hold further consultations to decide on the alternative mechanism to transfer funds from the Centre to the States for Central Plan Assistance.
He said that at the meeting, there was broad consensus on three points: federalism must be strengthened, States must get more powers and they must have greater flexibility to implement schemes and programmes. “All States agreed that the principle of one-size-fits-all as far as the design and format of schemes and programmes go does not work,” Mr. Jaitley said. He also said that all States were in favour of cooperative federalism.
Sunday’s consultations follow a decision of the Cabinet on August 13, to repeal the March 15, 1950 Resolution by which the Planning Commission was set up. Mr. Modi said “Team India” was a combination of three teams — the Prime Minister and Chief Ministers; the Union Council of Ministers; and the bureaucracy in the Centre and States.
Mr. Modi invoked the spirit of cooperative federalism and called for abandoning the incremental approach. He said process of policy planning has to change from “top to bottom” to “bottom to top.”
In his opening remarks, the Prime Minister stressed on the need for a suitable body to replace the Commission and said the role, relevance and restructuring of the plan panel had been repeatedly questioned for more than two decades.
“Can we develop a new mechanism that plans according to India’s strengths, empowers States, and brings on board all economic activity, including that which happens outside the Government,” the Prime Minister asked, according to an official release.
Further, the Prime Minister said that when he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat, he had attended meetings of the Commission, and had felt the need for a better platform to articulate the views of States.
The meeting could not reach a consensus on the nature of the body to replace the Planning Commission.

UN to declare June 21 as World Yoga Day: SwarajUN to declare June 21 as World Yoga Day: Swaraj
SBI to take final call on Adani s loan in 2-3 monthsSBI to take final call on Adani s loan in 2-3 months
Tata Steel is buying iron ore for first time in its historyTata Steel is buying iron ore for first time in its history
Fireworks expected in Maharashtra legislature s winter sessionFireworks expected in Maharashtra legislature's winter session
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 12:46 AM IST
Fireworks are expected at the two-week winter session of the Maharashtra legislature, to start on Monday at the second capital, Nagpur.
Though the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party-Shiv Sena alliance has a comfortable majority in the Assembly, it has a huge challenge regarding its promises on a number of issues.
These include the special relief and rehabilitation package for drought- and untimely rain-hit farmers, measures to combat farmer suicides, power supply, rise in the procurement price for cotton, soybean and milk, and law  and order situation. The Opposition Congress and Nationalist Congress Party have said they’d be “exposing” the government's allegedly inept handling since it assumed office on October 31.
Also, when in opposition, Devendra Fadnavis, now the chief minister , and other members of the BJP-Sena, had criticised the Congress-NCP government for restricting the winter session to two to three weeks instead of at least six weeks. The onus of doing so is now on Fadnavis, who comes from Nagpur and has also been a strong advocate of statehood for the Vidarbha region.
The BJP and Sena had promised abolition of Local  Body Tax (LBT) and toll tax. The Opposition plans to corner the government on these issues. Fadnavis and finance minister Sudhir Mungan-tiwar had said LBT would be scrapped once the government found an alternative  cess. In the case of toll, the CM has already admitted it  cannot be fully cancelled —he’d said the collection will be made ‘transparent’.
Revenue minister Eknath Khadse told Business Standard: “The government is fully prepared to counter the Opposition tirade. We are committed to implement a relief package for drought-hit farmers. The Centre has already assured assistance. Besides, the government will hold a  debate on the backlog of (projects for) Vidarbha and Marathwada in particular, based on the Vijay Kelkar committee report.”
Congress legislature party leader Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil said the party would be an aggressive and vigilant opposition, in and outside the legislature. “Already, the Congress party has announced a morcha on Monday against the government’s failure to effectively handle the drought situation in 123 talukas and burgeoning cases of farmers’ suicides. The government has failed to do enough for the farmers from these districts and the party will strongly demand a  comprehensive relief package. Further, farmers are getting Rs 3,500-4,000 a quintal (qtl) for cotton; our demand is for Rs 6,000 a qtl.”
NCP state president Sunil Tatkare said the government would have to implement a series of measures to tackle drought and curb farmer suicides.
Both the Congress and NCP have independently staked claim for the post of leader of the opposition in the assembly, after the Sena joined the government. Vikhe Patil said the Congress with 42 MLAs deserves the post; the NCP, with 41 MLAs, has argued it had a pre-poll arrangement with the Bahujan Vikas Aghadi, which has three legislators, and an independent, Ravi Rana. The Speaker will give a ruling.

RBI to Bring Out Charter on Consumer RightsYou are here: Home Industries
RBI to Bring Out Charter on Consumer Rights
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 05, 2014 17:18 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
Chennai: The RBI is working towards bringing out a charter on consumer rights to curb instances of ponzi and online lottery schemes, a senior bank official said here today.
"There have been large instances of online lottery scam asking people to pay service charge in order to release large sum. Unfortunately, quite a few consumers do fall prey to it", Reserve Bank of India Executive Director, Umashankar Paliwal, said.
He was speaking at a two-day conference on Consumer Product Safety, organised by Consumer Association of India, here.
It was inaugurated by United States Consul General, Phillip Min.
Mr Paliwal said a large number of people who were victims of such scams had sought RBI action against such companies.
Appealing to people not to fall prey to such schemes, he said Reserve Bank was working on charter on Consumer Rights.
"Basically, this charter covers such as Right to Fair Treatment, Right to Transparency, Fair and honest dealing, Right to Suitability, Right to Privacy, Right to Grievance Redress and Compensation to the consumers", he said.
"Boards of Banks will be passing that charter and we will be monitoring it", he said.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 17:15 (IST)

Grenades  food items  GPS entries: Terror came from across LoCComments
Grenades with the markings of a Rawalpindi ordnance factory, made-in-Pakistan biscuits and chocolates, telling GPS entries — Pakistan’s signature is all over the recent terror strikes in Jammu and Kashmir, counter-terror experts and top army sources told HT on Saturday.
Indian defence personnel gather near the scene of a gunfight with suspected rebels on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
These items were recovered from the possession of 12 fidayeen (suicide attackers) who struck Uri, Soura and Arnia in the last eight days. Investigations into the three attacks reveal a well-thought-out plan by the Lashkar-e-Taiba — with active help from Islamabad — to disrupt the assembly elections that have seen peaceful polling and record turnouts, the sources said.
“The terror attacks have an unmistakable Pakistan stamp. The GPS entries are proof of it. The suicide bombers who attacked Uri entered from the Line of Control. GPS entries record that,” Northern Army commander Lt Gen DS Hooda told HT.
Four terrorists had attacked an army camp in Jammu’s Arnia sector on November 27, a day before Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the region for a rally. Similarly, six gunmen hit the Uri army base and another two tried to kill innocents in Soura near Srinagar on Friday — again, days ahead of the PM’s rally in the capital.
Twenty-one people, including 14 security personnel, as well as all 12 terrorists were killed. Friday saw two more terror strikes in the Valley that left two civilians dead.
The GPS units of the terrorists in Arnia, which is 3km from the International Border (IB), showed Sialkot as their last known position on November 24.
Those of the Uri attackers showed they’d been in Chham, a known militant launching pad across the LoC, on December 3 and had crossed over at least one day before the attack, investigators said.
The IB is patrolled by the Pakistan Rangers and the BSF on the Indian side while the LoC is manned by the two armies. Investigators are convinced the intruders couldn’t have crossed over without the connivance of Pakistani troops.
According to the investigators, the Uri gunmen carried ready-to-eat meal packets (pav bhaji, chicken achari, dry fruits, etc) regularly used by the Pakistan army, and packets of made-in-Pakistan ‘Super Biscuits’ and chocolates. They had 37 grenades with markings of an ordnance factory in Rawalpindi’s Wah Cantonment and 1,500 rounds of ammunition.
“They came prepared for the long haul,” Lt Gen Hooda, who accompanied army chief General Dalbir Singh to Uri on Saturday, told HT.
The counter-terror sources said the suicide mission plan was conceived in Pakistan around November 20, before the first phase of elections. The Uri and Soura attackers were dressed in black Pathan suits.
The body of Qari Asrar, a Lashkar commander gunned down by security forces in Soura, was totally shaved — a custom followed by most fidayeen. Police suspect the other Soura attacker was Lashkar operative Irshad Ganai, a Kashmiri suspected of involvement in the 2013 Hyderpora firing incident in which 9 armymen were killed.
The Arnia attackers wore thigh-high gumboots to cross a rivulet during the infiltration and rubber gloves to cut the wire fencing, the sources said. These were found with their clothes in a nearby village, abandoned after the men changed into battle fatigues.
Investigators said the Uri attack could have snowballed had the gunmen managed to get into an adjacent camp of the Border Roads Organisation. “We were able to contain the terrorists who attempted to cut the wire and enter the BRO facility where many families were staying,” Lt Gen Hooda said.
“There are 140 people in the BRO camp. If the terrorists had got in, they may have attempted to take civilians hostage,” said an army official.
“As the firefight started in the Uri camp, some of the terrorists fired towards the living quarters. One jawan managed to escape but four others were burnt to death as the structure caught fire.”
The army has issued fresh orders to its units in J&K to secure fortifications and be prepared for more suicide attacks. “The high voter turnout has rattled the Pakistani establishment and only two of the five phases of polling have been completed so far.”
While disrupting the elections was the main target, sources said the attacks were also synchronized with Lashkar founder and 26/11 mastermind Hafiz Saeed’s two-day congregation in Lahore to boost the terror group’s credibility and its commitment to ‘liberate’ Kashmir.

Online marketplace AskMeBazaar plans to sell plumbing  carpentry and other home servicesDec 07, 2014 at 12:50pm IST
Online marketplace AskMeBazaar plans to sell plumbing, carpentry and other home services
30
1
New Delhi: Online marketplace askmeBazaar.com is looking to launch 'Services' category within a year on its site that would provide customers an option to buy various facilities including plumbing, painting and carpentry under a single platform.
"I want to sell everything from forging equipments, aircrafts to nuts and bolts on askmeBazaar.com. We do not sell services as of now but we will look at it at a later date.
Once we have stabilised on the product side," AskMeBazaar.com CEO Kiran Murthi told PTI.
At present, there are a few online sites such as easyfix.in, onefix.in offering such services on a smaller scale.
#askmebazaar #online marketplace #home services
Murthi said he is looking at customer utility services such as home services, including restaurant services. On when the company will begin selling services, he said: "In six months to a year."
At present, there are a few online sites such as easyfix.in, onefix.in offering services on a smaller scale. The company is also looking at expanding its product categories.
"We have lots to do on the product side. I am working on selling digital downloads, grocery, bulk buying (of fruits, groceries etc), bulbs, tubes, fans and faucets," Murthi said, The company is expanding very fast and adding 170 new sellers every day, he said.
Murthy added: "Most of our sellers are unique to us. By calender year 2015 end, we are aiming to have two lakh retailers on their platform. These new sellers will be across categories."
It has 17,000 retailer at present.
askmeBazaar is also participation in the forthcoming Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) 2014 to be held from 10-12 December. askmeBazaar will participate in all categories including fashion, electronics and lifestyle.
6

Kingfisher Airlines Shares Suspended: 10 FactsOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Vijay Mallya-promoted Kingfisher Airlines shares were grounded earlier this week, more than two years after the carrier was met the same fate. The entire promoter shareholding (8.54 per cent) of Kingfisher Airlines has also been frozen. If you did not sell your shares in the company, hoping for a revival, read on.
1) Trading in Kingfisher Airlines was suspended on December 1 for violation of listing rules of the stock exchanges. According to rules, if a company fails to report its earnings for two consecutive quarters, its shares have to be suspended from trading. Kingfisher Airlines has not reported its quarterly earnings since the December quarter of FY14.
2) Investors, who have not sold their shares so far, can still do so. As per exchange rules, trading in non-compliant companies would be allowed on a trade-for-trade basis, 15 days after the suspension.
3) Trade-for-trade is a type of settlement system, where transactions can be done only for delivery. Under the trade-for-trade segment, each transaction is considered individually and the normal rolling settlement system does not apply.
4) Trade-for-trade settlement prevents brokers from circular trading, a fraudulent scheme used to increase share value and volumes to attract unsuspecting investors. Circular trading does not led to a real change in the ownership of the stock.
5) Circular trading is not possible in trade-for-trade settlement as brokers have to pay for each transaction (buy or sell). So, only genuine investors will be able to participate in the trade.
6) Shares under trade-for-trade are traded on the first trading day of every week for six months. The first trading window for Kingfisher Airlines under trade-for-trade window will be on December 16.
7) Prior to suspension, Kingfisher Airlines was among the most traded shares on the exchanges. In spite of its operations being stalled since 2012, the average daily trading volume in its shares on NSE in last one year to November 28 was more than 25 lakh.
8) The reasons for the high trading volume in Kingfisher Airlines are a) It has a free-float of 95 per cent, which means nearly all issued shares are traded in the market; b) As of September 30, 2014, retail and high net worth investors held 58.5 per cent shares in the company and institutional investors (both domestic and foreign) held 9.92 per cent shares.
9) Kingfisher Airlines is not the only stock to be suspended. Shares of UB Engineering and Varun Industries were also suspended for violation of listing norms. Trading in such shares can resume again if the company starts reporting quarterly earnings and pays a fine to the exchanges.
10) The airline never turned a profit since its launch in 2005, as a result its accumulated losses wiped out its entire capital. The company had accumulated losses of Rs 16,023.47 crore as of March 31, 2013 and its networth at that date was a negative Rs 12,919.82 crore (per share negative networth of Rs 159.7).
Story first published on: December 06, 2014 20:00 (IST)

Micro Pension Foundations Gift-a-Pension: Unique initiativeCholamandalam
(India’s burgeoning middle…)
This September, A Mary, 47, got something she never thought she ever could — not a car or a home but a pension. A house help and a mother of two whose husband is a driver, Delhi-based Mary always viewed a pension as something only the affluent could afford — until her employer Kurt Strasser, a senior sector specialist at German development bank KfW, brought it within her reach.
Mary is a beneficiary of the Micro Pension Foundation's Gift-a-Pension initiative. Every month, Strasser gives her Rs 500 extra cash as part of her salary that she deposits in her pension account via one of the 2.5 lakh designated outlets. The Micro Pension Foundation has tie-ups with companies such as Eko, ItzCash and PayWorld, and when Mary deposits the money at one of these outlets, it gets credited instantly, with an SMS confirmation. "Old-age care is a challenge facing India. Gift-a-Pension is an excellent initiative to make a pension product accessible to lowincome Indians," says Strasser.
Gift-a-Pension is a first of sorts in the world, where a low-cost financial product has been created for the poor. It is also relevant in a country where over 90% of some 487 million workers are in the unorganised sector. Moreover, India has over 100 million who are over 60, and not even a tenth of them have access to a pension product.
At a time when the government is laying a thrust on financial inclusion, Gift-a-Pension demonstrates an efficient mechanism to deliver a financial product to India's poor. "It is a great initiative. No financial product today in India addresses this segment. High transaction costs for low-value products are a big deterrent. Micro Pension Foundation has done something that was difficult to do," says YSP Thorat, a former chairman of National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development and a board member of Micro Pension Foundation.
Gift-a-Pension is targeted at over 35 million domestic workers (maids, cooks, cleaners, drivers and the like) who earn enough to make ends meet but not enough to create a financial cushion for the autumns and winters of their lives. Whilst the facilitators of the scheme are employers, they don't need to worry about being weighed down by the scheme's financial and logistical burden.
The key role of the employers is at the beginning — understanding and explaining the product details and enabling online enrollment. Their co-contribution to the pension account is optional. And the product is structured such that illiterate workers can easily manage it even as they change employers and switch cities.
 
Sound Start
Launched in September, the response has been encouraging with over 1,000 employers registering so far. Over 350 have gifted a pension to their domestic help. Most of the enrollments are from Delhi / National Capital Region (91%), with Bengaluru (5%) and Mumbai (4%) bringing in the rest, says Parul Khanna, associate director, Micro Pension Foundation. Most of the beneficiaries are maids (45%), followed by drivers (27%) and cooks (13%). So far, almost half of the enrollments have been made using Aadhaar as proof of identity. Over 70% prefer monthly saving and 38% are putting away over Rs 500 monthly into their pension account. About 10% of the employers have also set up a systematic investment on their credit cards for automatic deductions. "I have enrolled my maid of eight years. I helped her enroll and paid the Rs 300 sign-up fee. Now, she takes care of it," says Mumbai-based Sonali Mehta-Rao, co-founder, MelaArtisans.com.
The Gift-a-Pension scheme has a helpline that is open from 8.30 am to 6.40 pm on all working days, with a staff of 20 in Pune and Bengaluru that can take queries in 14 regional languages. The man behind Gift-a-Pension is Gautam Bhardwaj, director of Micro Pension Foundation, for whom the scheme has been a gleam in the eye since 1990. The think-tank he founded, Invest India Economic Foundation, was the main architect of the National Pension System (NPS), which was rolled out by the government in 2004 for its workers. For the next five years, he worked with the government to open up NPS for all.
In 2010, after World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) funded pilots, Bhardwaj helped launch NPS Lite for the low-income segment. Alongside, he set up Invest India Micro Pension Services that worked with cooperatives and federations like SEWA and today has over 1 million pension accounts. He also worked with state governments like Rajasthan to help develop a co-contribution pension product where the government chips in Rs 1,000 a year. This plan was later adopted by the central government and rolled out as Swavalamban scheme — a pension scheme for the unorganised sector.

Delhi cab rape: Not  safest ride in the world   Uber s image takes a big hitUber's image takes big hit, it's not 'safest ride in the world'
Pranav Dixit , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 12:44 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:17 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
On its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the "safest rides in the world" by "setting the strictest safety standards possible."
The Uber smartphone app, used to book taxis using its service, is pictured over a parking lot. (AFP photo)
But it's unclear what Uber does to ensure the safety of passengers in India. The company's website provides no country-specific information.
When contacted, Uber provided Hindustan Times with a boilerplate statement, which says that it works with "licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform."
Online cab companies drop the ball on key safety feature
It's unclear who these partners are and whether Uber does any background checks or police verification on the drivers it employs in India.
As a passenger, this is troubling. When you take an Uber, your driver knows your full name, your phone number and exactly where you live.
Unlike radio taxi services like Meru, which employ standalone GPS systems in their cars, Uber relies solely on the built-in GPS on the smartphones it provides to its drivers. This means that going off the grid is as simple as turning off the phone."
At least in the case where a woman executive in Delhi was raped allegedly by a Uber cab driver , police have confirmed that there was no mandatory verification done before hiring him.
The accused is still on the run and the police could not access his call records as the server is located in the US.
Uber, which just closed a second billion-dollar-plus round of funding this year, and is now valued at more than $40 billion, has always shrugged off responsibility by maintaining that it is not a car company but a technology company: it owns no vehicles, only software, and is thus simply a platform that brings drivers and people who want to be driven together.
Uber's controversial record in the US
In the United States, Uber has a three-step criminal background screening process with county, federal and multi-state checks that go back seven years. The company also requires users to rate every driver after a ride and provide feedback, which, it insists, is anonymous. Drivers that consistently rate low are terminated.
Despite these safeguards, there have been multiple incidents of Uber drivers sexually assaulting passengers . In 2013, an Uber driver in Washington DC was arrested for allegedly raping a 20-year-old passenger though there were no charges pressed. In April this year, an Uber driver in Chicago was charged for fondling a customer.
In the United States, Uber tacked on a $1 "Safe Rides Fee" to its UberX fare earlier this year.
On its blog, Uber says: This fee supports the increased costs associated with our continued efforts to ensure the safest platform for Uber riders and drivers. Those include Federal, state and local background checks, regular motor vehicle screenings, driver safety education, current and future development of safety features in the app, and more. In the US, the Safe Rides Fee is always $1 USD. In Canada, it is $1 CAD.

Modi discusses plan panel revamp; UP  TN wants more power to statesPM Modi meets CMs, discusses plan panel revamp
Agencies  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 12:55 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 16:39 IST(7/12/2014)
Comments
Chief ministers of Uttar Pradesh and Tamil Nadu asked for more say for states in policy formulation at the meeting for the revamp of the Planning Commission chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday.
UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said the new entity should be a transparent and impartial mechansim which would focus on the basic elements of socialism.
Tamil Nadu chief minister O Panneerelvam welcomed PM Modi's proposal to bring states to the centre of the development process.
The states were particularly 'at the mercy' of the Central departments, and were not treated as equal partners in governance and development process, "but as mere local supplicants," Panneerselvam said.
The Prime Minister in his Independence Day speech had  had announced that the Commission, set up in 1950 at a time when government gave public sector the commanding heights of economy, would be abolished and replaced with a more relevant institution.
Congress-ruled Arunachal Pradesh however  opposed the move to do away with the Planning Commission, saying it is a "national spirit" that must be continued.
Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Nabam Tuki described the plan panel as a single window for small states to air grievances on issues like regional aspirations and centre-state disputes
Jammu and Kashmir CM Omar Abdullah and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee skipped the meeting. State finance minister Amit Mitra is representing West Bengal.
Earlier during the day, the Planning Commission suggested that its replacement body should be structured to meet the need of changing economic paradigm and comprise sectoral experts and states' representative.
In her presentation before the group comprising Modi and chief ministers, Planning Secretary Sindhushree Khullar said that the new institution may have 8-10 regulars or executive members with half of them representing the states.
Khullar in her presentation suggested that the new institution would have functions including monitoring and evaluation; programme project and scheme evaluation; cross-sectoral and inter-ministerial expertise and appraisal and monitoring of projects.
It is has been suggested that the new body would advise the Prime Minister on matters referred to it. Besides, it should act as think-tank and have network with universities and other institutions.
The new body could provide internal consultancy services to states and the Centre on different matters. It could also be used to design medium and long-term strategy.
"We will very soon set up a new institution in place of Planning Commission...the internal situation of the country has changed, global environment has changed... We need an institution of creative thinking and for optimum utilisation of youth capability," Modi had said.
The Commission had held meetings with experts to discuss the structure of the new institution that would ultimately replace it.
(With inputs from PTI)

SBI to take final call on Adanis loan in 2-3 monthsSBI to take final call on Adani’s loan in 2-3 months
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
State Bank of India has said that the final decision on the controversial $1-billion (Rs 6,200-crore) loan agreement with Adani Group for its Australian mining project would be taken by the executive committee of the bank in 2-3 months.
SBI had last month signed the pact with Adani Group on the sidelines of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Australia.
“The executive committee after due deliberations will decide about the disbursement to Adani,” State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya told PTI.
“At present, all the aspects are being studied. Appraisal is being done. It will take about two-three months to study the project and thereafter taken to the committee for final approval,” she added.
Loans of over Rs 400 crore are generally cleared by the executive committee headed by the chairperson. The other members of the executive committee include two executive directors (of the four managing directors on board) and non-executive director/directors who are present in the city where the meeting is held.
Besides, Reserve Bank nominee director Urjit R Patel (RBI Deputy Governor) is a part of the executive committee.
Carmichael coal mine project
Adani Mining is building a 300-km rail line for its about $16-billion Carmichael coal mine project in Australia.
The development of the coal mine located at Queensland in Australia and required infrastructure, including railways, would cost $7.6 billion.
North Galilee Basin Rail project
Queensland State’s Coordinator General has approved $2 billion (A$2.2 billion) rail line project called the North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) that would link Adani’s Carmichael Coal Mine with Abbot point coal terminal.
The Congress had raised concerns over SBI’ $1-billion loan pact with Adani Group signed during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Australia.
“What was the propriety of the SBI giving the loan to Adani, who was sitting next to Prime Minister during the visit, at a time when some five foreign banks have denied credit to the group for the project?,” Congress General Secretary Ajay Maken had said.
Bhattacharya had clarified the bank had just signed a memorandum of understanding.
“This is not a loan sanction that we have given. It will go through proper due diligence both on the credit side as well as on the viability side... The board will take a call and then only loan will be given,” she had said.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Ministry considering infra status for airlineministry considering infra status for airline
New body must meet changing economic needs: Planning Commission to PM Modi10
0
New Delhi: The Planning Commission on Sunday suggested to a group chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi that its replacement body should be structured to meet the need of changing economic paradigm and comprise sectoral experts and states' representative.
In her presentation before the group comprising Modi and chief ministers, Planning Secretary Sindhushree Khullar said that the new institution may have 8-10 regulars or executive members with half of them representing the states.
She suggested that the remaining members could be sectoral experts -- environmentalists, financial experts, engineers, scientists and eminent scholars from different fields.
The new body may be headed by the Prime Minister as the chairperson position would be ex-officio.
#planning commission #narendra modi #mamata banerjee
The new body may be headed by the Prime Minister as the chairperson position would be ex-officio. The meeting, convened by Modi to deliberate on replacement of the Planning Commission, is being attended by the several Chief Ministers, including Akhilesh Yadav (UP), Manohar Lal Khattar (Haryana), Devendra Fadnavis (Maharashtra) Vasundhara Raje (Rajasthan), Shivraj Singh Chouhan (Madhya Pradesh), Raman Singh (Chhattisgarh), Harish Rawat (Uttarakhand) and Oomen Chandy (Kerala).
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee is skipping the meeting. State Finance Minister Amit Mitra is representing the West Bengal.
Khullar in her presentation suggested that the new institution would have functions including monitoring and evaluation; programme project and scheme evaluation; cross-sectoral and inter-ministerial expertise and appraisal and monitoring of projects.
It is has been suggested that the new body would advise the Prime Minister on matters referred to it. Besides, it should act as think-tank and have network with universities and other institutions.
The new body could provide internal consultancy services to states and the Centre on different matters. It could also be used to design medium and long-term strategy.
1

MHA asks BSF to intensify vigil along Indo-Pak border8
0
New Delhi: The Home Ministry has directed the BSF to intensify vigil along the International Border in the wake of repeated attempts by militants to infiltrate into Jammu and Kashmir.
In the past two months, Pakistan-based terrorist groups like Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammed have made many attempts to infiltrate into the country some of which have been successful, official sources said.
The infiltration attempts have been made eyeing the ongoing Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir which the militant groups wanted to disrupt, they said.
In 2013, there were 354 cases of infiltration along the Indo-Pakistan border in which 56 militants were killed and 145 others arrested.
#mha #bsf #indo pak border #jammu and kashmir
They also said that the encounter in Arnia sector of Jammu region close to Indo-Pak border on November 28 in which 12 people, including three army personnel, were killed and Friday's attack in four places in Jammu and Kashmir in which left 21 people, including 11 security personnel, dead, were results of such infiltrations from across the border.
"The BSF has been alerted and asked to intensify the vigil along the border to foil any attempt of infiltration," a source said.
According to Home Ministry statistics, there have been more than 130 infiltration attempts till October and of these nearly 45 have taken place in the past three months.
In 2013, there were 354 cases of infiltration along the Indo-Pakistan border in which 56 militants were killed and 145 others arrested. There were 332 incidents of infiltration from across Pakistan in 2012 in which 30 were killed and 123 were apprehended.
Similarly, in 2011, there were 317 incidents of infiltration in which 50 terrorists were killed and 86 others were arrested.
Interestingly, a total of 545 incidents of ceasefire violation also have taken place along the Line of Control and International Border till November 25.
Of these, 395 incidents of ceasefire violation have taken place along the International Border and 150 incidents of ceasefire violation took place in LoC till November 25.
There were 199 incidents of ceasefire violation along the LoC in 2013 and 148 along International Border last year.
0

Micromax Canvas Xpress A99 launched in India at Rs 6999Micromax Canvas Xpress A99 launched in India at Rs 6999
Uber cab rape case: Police conduct raids in UP  no background check on driverComments
The Uber cab driver accused of raping a 25-year-old financial analyst in Delhi was arrested from his home town Mathura on Sunday, as the US online taxi-booking service faced several questions over lack of security checks.
Activists from All India Students Association (AISA) shout slogans against Delhi Police, protesting the rape of a woman by a cab driver, in New Delhi on Sunday. (Sonu Mehta/ HT photo)
Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, was nabbed by a joint team of the Delhi and Mathura police from the temple town in Uttar Pradesh where his car was found abandoned a day earlier.
He would be produced before a court in the Capital on Monday, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (north), said.
Yadav allegedly assaulted a 25-year-old woman MNC employee in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla late Friday night. The woman hailed a ride with him via Uber, which has launched an aggressive international expansion.
The alleged rape, reported days before the second anniversary of the brutal gangrape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in a moving bus in the Capital in December 2012, could have Uber facing legal action.
The San Francisco-based firm failed to run a background check on Yadav, also the car owner, and the vehicle was without a satellite tracking device, the police said. The address he gave to Uber was fake.
Police served a notice on the firm, asking it to join the investigation. “Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we’ll go for legal recourse,” Verma said. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case, he added.
The cab service initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
This made it difficult for the police initially. The breakthrough came after around 12 police teams carried out raids in different parts of UP, especially around Mathura, 160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi where the crime took place.
Laxmi Singh, deputy inspector general for Agra Range, said, "Police in Mathura, in coordination with the Delhi Police, were looking for the accused, who was finally arrested on Sunday evening from Meera Mohan Colony under Highway police station."
The driver had locked himself in a house to dodge the police teams chasing him, Deepak Mishra, special commissioner of Delhi Police (law and order), said.
The arrest came barely 30 minutes after the Delhi Police announced a reward of Rs. 1 lakh for information leading to Yadav.
Uber faces the heat
Uber has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the US.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokesperson.
But, it took the Delhi Police almost eight hours to trace Uber’s office in Gurgaon though the victim had provided them a picture of the car’s number plate she clicked on her phone.
Investigators found the Uber office locked, police said. The supervisor, they said, had little information about Yadav.
“The iPhone that was provided to him by Uber to track his location was switched off,” a senior investigating officer said. The SIM card of the phone was registered in the name of another driver, Gaurav, who told them that Yadav was a native of Mathura, the officer said.
Crime capital
The rape victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, told police she boarded the Uber cab at 9.30pm from south Delhi's Vasant Vihar, where she had gone for a party with friends.
She was raped at an isolated place between Sarai Rohilla and Inderlok, police said, adding the cabbie threatened to kill and sexually assault her with a rod if she resisted him. He dropped her home after the attack.
The cabbie even gave her a missed call from his mobile phone, police added.
According to her complaint, the woman had gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7pm. One of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat only to wake up and find that the car had stopped at a secluded spot.
The car doors were locked. When she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed and sexually assaulted her, police said.
"The woman clicked a photograph of the car's number plate and then made a PCR call to report the incident," police added.
The incident comes at a time when the Capital is under a high-security alert following threats of a sensational terror attack by Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Vehicle checks have been stepped up across the city and anti-sabotage barricades put in place ahead of US President Barack Obama's Republic Day visit to India.
Protests erupt
Dozens of students scuffled with officers on Sunday as they tried to enter police headquarters in New Delhi to protest the rising incidents of rape in the Capital.
"I am here to protest the irregularities and failure of the state machinery, which refuses to acknowledge that rapes happen due to their failure," said Urvashi Joshi, one of the demonstrators.
The protesters, from the All India Students Association, dispersed after an hour-long demonstration.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said the guilty should be booked immediately.
 
"The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future.
 
"This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government," Lalani said.
(With agency inputs)

Typhoon Hagupit howls through PhilippinesTyphoon Hagupit pounds Philippines, a million flee
Reuters
print
Typhoon Hagupit
A powerful, slow-moving typhoon pounded through the central Philippines on Sunday, bringing howling winds that toppled trees and power lines and cut off communications to areas still scarred by a super-storm just over a year ago.
Typhoon Hagupit did not appear to have wreaked devastation on the same scale as last year's deadly Typhoon Haiyan, but officials cautioned that the picture remained incomplete with many of the first areas to feel the storm's force still cut off.
More than 1 million people had fled to shelters away from coastal areas and landslide-prone villages by the time Typhoon Hagupit slammed into the town of Dolores, on the eastern coast of Samar island, on Saturday night.
"We need to punch through up to Dolores to see the impact there, that's where the landfall was, we need to see so we can report back to Manila," Interior Secretary Manuel Roxas told a local radio interview from Samar.
The radio report described Roxas as travelling by motorbike to oversee workers using chainsaws to clear huge fallen trees.
Most of the houses, made of light materials, on both sides of the road were destroyed and residents lined the route asking for food, water and other supplies. Roofs were blown away while thatched houses were lifted and dumped metres away.
Hagupit, which days earlier had reached category 5 "super typhoon" strength as it churned across the Pacific Ocean, weakened on Sunday to category 2 as it made a second landfall at Cataingan town in the south of Masbate island.
There were no initial reports of the kinds of storm surges that were so destructive during Typhoon Haiyan, which killed more than 7,000 people across the central Philippines.
"Structural damage was caused mostly by wind, not by storm surge," said presidential spokeswoman Abigail Valte.
Power cuts in many areas
Power was cut across most of Samar and nearby Leyte province, including Tacloban City, considered ground zero of the devastating super typhoon Haiyan last year. Power and communications were also down in Masbate, parts of Cebu island and some southern provinces of the main island Luzon.
"I can't penetrate the areas, I can't go north or south because of fallen trees and power lines. Many areas are flooded," Ben Evardone, congressman for Eastern Samar, said from his base in the provincial capital Borongan.
General Gregorio Catapang, head of the military, said nearly 2,000 soldiers were clearing the roads and two airports on Samar to bring in food trucks and aircraft.
Local radio reported at least five people were killed in Eastern Samar and Iloilo province on Panay island to the west, but that could not be confirmed by officials. The Philippine Red Cross said it was also verifying the reports.
The typhoon was crawling west northwest at 10 kph (6 mph), with sustained winds of 140 kph (86 mph) and gusts of up to 170 kph (105 mph), the Philippine weather bureau PAGASA said.
The weather bureau said Hagupit - which means "lash" in Filipino - was following its predicted path through the archipelago's central belt, slightly north of areas devastated by super typhoon Haiyan last year.
It was expected to make a third landfall on the small island of Sibuyan early on Monday before passing around 120 km south of the capital Manila, PAGASA said.
Tacloban spared
More than 1.2 million people had crowded over 1,500 evacuation centres in schools, civic centres, town halls, gyms and churches across the central Philippines, said Gwendolyn Pang, secretary general of the Philippine Red Cross.
Alfred Romnualdez, mayor of Tacloban, said although more than 48,000 residents had fled to shelters, damage to the city appeared to have been minor.
"Thank God, the typhoon spared us and we have no reported casualties," Romualdez told Reuters. "By the end of the day we expect the people to return to their homes from shelter areas."
By Sunday evening, people were also returning to their homes from shelters in Leyte island and southern Luzon.
Environment and humanitarian groups are hoping the typhoon would spur action at U.N. climate talks in Lima, where almost 200 nations are meeting to work out an accord to slow global warming, due at a summit in Paris in a year's time.
"My country is under water, farms have been wiped away, homes destroyed, families separated," Shubert Ciencia of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement and a member of global relief organisation Oxfam, said in Lima.
An Oxfam report in November showed Asia is highly vulnerable to increasingly severe and frequent weather extremes and woefully underprepared to manage growing crises.

Skipping the Planning Commission Remodelling meet not acceptable: FadnavisSkipping the Planning Commission Remodelling meet not acceptable: Fadnavis
M.P. winter session begins on MondayM.P. winter session begins on Monday
PTI
Tweet
Bhopal, Dec 7:  
The Madhya Pradesh Assembly’s Winter Session beginning tomorrow is likely to be stormy with the Opposition Congress deciding to corner the government on state Professional Examination Board (PEB) scam and other issues.
“We are going to raise the PEB scam, rampant corruption, outbreak of dengue, manure and seeds black marketing, lawlessness and financial distress prevailing in the State,” the Leader of Opposition in the State Assembly, Satyadev Katare, told PTI today.
However, the State Assembly Affairs Minister, Narottam Mishra, refused to divulge the ruling BJP’s strategy to counter Congress’ barbs aimed at putting the government on the mat.
During the five-day session, scheduled to conclude on December 12 after five sittings, the BJP Government will place the supplementary budget.
The Madhya Pradesh Assembly Principal Secretary, Bhagwandev Israni, said 19 private Bills, 4 adjournment motions, 102 call attention motions, 41 zero hour questions, 807 starred and 580 un-starred questions, among other issues, are likely to be taken up during the session.
The Assembly building has been given a facelift with Rs 5 crore, almost 20 years after it was built.
The 105-feet high dome of the Assembly building has been whitewashed. It was a big task as it needed expertise, Israni said.
For this, he said, machines from Mumbai were brought to reach the tall dome. It was after a gap of 20 years that the dome was whitewashed.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Chhattisgarh bats for changes in working of Plan panelChhattisgarh bats for changes in working of Plan panel
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
Pitching for changes in the mandate and functioning of the Plan panel to suit the needs of states, the Chhattisgarh Chief Minister, Raman Singh, today said a constitutionally-formed body can replace the panel which should analyse and distribute funds to the states.
“There has to be proper coordination among states and Centre which can be done through a new constitutional body,” the Chief Minister of BJP-ruled state said at the meeting convened by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, on the proposed structure of Planning Commission.
He said the Planning Commission’s present work of allocating funds to the states annually has become a ritual.
“Planning Commission working has become centralised. Planning on the states’ subjects decided under the Constitution is being done by the Commission.
“Schemes are being decided on one parameter rather on the needs of states,” Singh said, while strongly supporting for changes in the Plan panel.
He suggested that the Plan and non-Plan allocation should also be ended as it has no meaning.
He also suggested a panel of national and internationally acclaimed specialists under the new body which can suggest states on sector-specific needs and other issues.
Singh said that the National Development Council has also become aimless and suggested changes in its mandate too.
The Prime Minister is the Chairman of the Planning Commission, which works under the overall guidance of the National Development Council, according to its present mandate.
Today's Poll
Has the Planning Commission become an outdated idea?
Yes

Kozhikode: Kiss of love protest foiled  20 people detained bypoliceWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:03 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 8:05 am
Police in Kozhikode took into custody 20 persons, including four women, who were among the activists tried to stage “kiss in the street,” second edition of the recently held kiss of love protest against alleged moral policing.
The kiss in the street in Kozhikode was planned at the moffusil bus stand in the city. As activists of the Hanuman Sena had threatened to prevent the kissing in the public place and another group of people pledging support for the agitation, police dispersed the public from the bus stand premises. Those who were taken into custody included a few activists of the Hanuman Sena.
Hundreds of people had gathered at the bus stand as scores of kiss activists had dared to stage their agitation in public despite the Sena threat that those who kiss in the public would be stripped naked and paraded along the street.
As a curtain raiser to the kiss in the street, the social media group behind the agitation had held a night gathering for women in Kozhikode beach last week.
The meeting titled “Iruttu nunayamedikale” (women, let us enjoy darkness), did not evoke much response as only a dozen women turned in the beach.

Modi govt privatising projects to deny reservation in jobs:MayawatiPosted: December 7, 2014 4:00 pm
 
The Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati on Sunday accused Narendra Modi government at the Centre of privatising works of its various ministries so as to deny the benefits of reservation in jobs to scheduled castes and other backward classes.
“Under a conspiracy, BJP government at the Centre is privatising the works of its main ministries so as to deny you the benefits of reservation,” she said addressing a party’s election rally at M A Stadium here. “There is no reservation for you in private sector,” she said, reminding people that the benefits of reservation are available to scheduled castes and other backward classes due to the efforts of Baba Saheb Bhim Rao Ambedkar
She cautioned people against false promises made by the leaders of other political parties including BJP and the Narendra Modi during the ongoing assembly elections. Narendra Modi promised “Achhe Din” (good days) and bringing back black money stashed abroad within 100 days. However, even after the formation of their government six months ago, no steps have been taken in fulfilling these promises made to the people, she added.
The BSP leader accused BJP government at the Centre being run by capitalists. During the last six months, all amendments brought by it to various legislations in the parliament favour only the capitalists, she said.
She appealed the people to vote for BSP candidates during assembly elections in the state to fulfill their slogan: “Jo Jameen Sarkari Hair, Won Jameen Humari Hair (The land which belong to the stare is ours).”
The BSP leader also criticized successive state governments for the present situation in Jammu & Kashmir.

Reforms to overhaul power sector soon: Piyush GoyalReforms to overhaul power sector soon: Piyush Goyal
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 6:  
With an aim to overhaul the power sector, the Government is planning a series of amendments to the Electricity Act 2003 within the current session of Parliament, said Piyush Goyal, Minister of State, Independent Charge for Power, Coal and New & Renewable Energy on Saturday.
“I am looking at a billion tonne coal production, 100 GW of solar power capacity and investments of about $50 billion in the transmission and distribution segment in the next five years,” the Minister said.
Goyal was speaking at the CII National Council Meeting, organised here.
The Government is also set to impose stringent penalties on errant discoms who fail to meet Renewable Purchase Obligations, the CII statement said. This will be clubbed with a renewable obligation on generators by which all conventional power producers such as NTPC will have to accountable for some proportion of renewable power.
As far as flailing distribution companies are concerned, the Minister said that reforms are being planned and the Government is providing provisions whereby the entire discom set up will be unbundled. “While there will be a Government distributor of power to ensure that power is provided to the weaker section of society, competition will be introduced and the private sector role will be expanded.”
On financing models for solar power, Goyal said that the Government is looking at graded tariffs to achieve grid parity; provide investors a fair return on investment over the lifecycle of the project; and bring in an entity to provide power purchase assurance to investors.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

Poll: Are our cities unsafe for womenPoll: Are our cities unsafe for women
MSMEs to battle it out for Rs 18K cr defence...You are here: Home > Collections
Indian MSMEs set to battle it out for Rs 18,000 crore defence pie
IANS Dec 7, 2014, 04.19PM IST
Tags:
(According to defence MSMEs,…)
By Avishek Rakshit
KOLKATA: The Defence Procurement Policy 2013 and the Make in India campaign have created a staggering Rs.18,000 crore ($3 billion) opportunity for the Indian defence MSME (micro, small and medium) sector as numerous offsets in the three wings of the armed forces are expected to be executed in the next five years.
According to defence MSMEs, the two key initiatives have opened up an estimated Rs. 90,000 crore offset opportunity for the defence players in defence public sector undertakings (DPSUs), enterprise as well as for the MSME sector over the coming five-year period.
Of this, the MSME sector is expected to land offset business worth Rs 18,000 crore, which is 20 percent of the overall projection for the defence sector.
According to Samtel Avionics, Rs.72,000 crore looms from the Indian Air Force with the Indian Navy presenting another Rs.13,500 crore possibility, while the prospect from the Indian Army is anywhere around Rs.4,500 crore.
"The total value of the defence offsets contracted in the last few years is valued around Rs.28,800 crore. The Indian Air Force has signed contracts worth approximately Rs.21,600 crore, the Indian Navy worth Rs.5,064 crore and the Indian Army Rs.144 crore", Samtel Avionics Executive Director Puneet Kaura told IANS.
Indigenous manufacture of parts and sub-assemblies used in non-critical ground-based systems as replacements during maintenance of original imported equipment, and indigenous design, development and manufacture of complete equipment as a replacement for obsolete original equipment, through a process of reverse engineering, are encouraging MSMEs in the defence segment.
"Now that serious efforts are being made to attract MSMEs into this sector, there is no doubt that they will rise to the occasion by raising their standards of quality and reliability of parts and assemblies that they manufacture and supply to the larger players", G. Raj Narayan, founder and managing director of the diversified Radel Group, told IANS.
"This will lead to a significant reduction in costs as well as time of execution of projects since outsourced work can actually happen in parallel in multiple efficiently managed MSME organizations," he added.
Narayan was of the view that ensuring business sustainability by assuring MSMEs of long-term business for at least eight years and provision of special incentives for their investing in research and development, reverse engineering and indigenisation of defence equipment will boost the scenario for the sector.
At least 30 percent of the value of each programme is in electronics, or avionics as far as an airborne platform is concerned. Opportunities for MSMEs exist in a large number of segments such as armoured vehicles, aircraft, helicopters, submarines, tanks, ships and UAVs, among others.
"There are EW (Electronic Warfare) suites to be bought, as well as radar systems, optronic systems, displays and other LRUs which have to be procured. Requirements exist in segments ranging from space to underwater (submarines)", Kaura added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bottom-up is the way forwardShowcasing new and innovative city developments. Photo: Bhagya Prakash k.
Thinking above the box. Photo: Bhagya Prakash k.
TOPICS
Bangalore
Weltstatd-Who Creates the City? An ongoing exhibition, seeks to re-imagine urban design, focusing on the ideas from the common man
What would you want to change or to preserve in Bengaluru to make it an ideal city? What kind of future do you envision for the city? In an endeavour to give voice to citizens’ concerns and get them to contribute their ideas to a more inclusive city, NextBangalore, MOD Institute and Goethe-Institut/ Max Mueller Bhavan have organised an exhibition Weltstatd-Who creates the city? The exhibition seeks to find ways of initiating a bottom-up development, vis-à-vis top-down development, which is the norm for most modern cities. The exhibition is being held at a temporary space, NextBangalore Gatishil in Shantinagar. “The exhibition documents a project that ran last year in 16 cities, worldwide,” explains Per Brandt of Goethe-Institut. “One of the cities was Bengaluru. It was organised by all the Goethe Instituts with local partners of the respective cities. The idea was to showcase new and innovative bottom-up city developments. There was also a conference held earlier this year, where people from Bengaluru and from other cities gathered to discuss this topic.”
The exhibition has large-sized panels with text which documents how factoring the people’s vision for the city contributes to better urban design. At one corner of the exhibition are photographs by AJ Sharma of a Bengaluru in transition and in various stages of construction. The focus essentially is on construction workers. Although they contribute significantly to the creation of the city’s landscape, they are often marginalised and ignored. There also are interviews with construction workers, revealing their stories of migration and how they engage with the city. It is a telling account, making one stop and take stock of the nameless faces that labour each day to build a city, for whom, they call “computer-computer people.”
On the other end of the exhibition are a series of questionnaires pinned on a soft board. In these, citizens have answered specific questions on their vision of a future Bengaluru. The responses range from traffic management and housing to waste management.
Tile von Damm, of MOD Institute says the city is just not growing in terms of population, but also in size. “Since the city is growing on such a large scale, we are looking at if we can find solutions for small entities. It is also important to talk to people to really understand the city,” says Tile.
NextBangalore was started last year, by Bengaluru-based MOD Institute and NextHamburg from Germany. The goal of Nextbangalore is to create a future urban citizens’ vision for Bengaluru, through crowd sourcing of ideas from citizens. Markus Ewald, from Next Network, says the exhibition is one among the many endeavours of Nextbangalore to crowd source ideas from the people themselves to find solutions for the city. “We started a website with a simple question of what people would want to change or preserve in the city.”
“Through NextBangalore, we want to create a comprehensive plan for the city,” says city-based architect and co-founder of MOD Institute, Naresh V. Narasimhan.
“We want to include the voices of the people, and focus on a development of the city that is people-driven.” Naresh adds that they intend to take push-carts around the city to get to know what the common man wants his city to be like. “We have started this at Shantinagar, first,” says Naresh.
The exhibition is on till December 19, from 2 pm to 6 pm at NextBangalore Gatishil Space, Rhenius Street (opposite the Hockey Club), Shantinagar, and at the Goethe Institut/Max Mueller Bhavan, from December 15 to December 19, from 2 pm to 6 pm. Next Wednesday, there will be an event on artistic interventions in public spaces, in which Indian artistes will make presentations on this topic.

Let there be 6 packsUpdated: December 7, 2014 16:52 IST
Let there be 6 packs
R. LINGA BHASKAR
physical fitness
We are impressed with a young man’s unswerving dedication to getting fit
Karthik, 22, hails from Tirunelveli. His father is a businessman who manufacturers aluminium utensils, mother is a home maker and his brothers help his father at work. Karthik himself is pursuing an MBBS and is looking forward to becoming a plastic surgeon. Karthik also has another dream – to get extremely fit and develop a six-pack body. He says he was inspired by Sylvester Stallone in Rocky.
So, he put his head down and with single-minded dedication went about the business of getting fit.
Karthik exercises every single day for 60 Minutes. He does five days of weight training and jogs five kilometres twice a week. As too much of running and jogging leads to fat loss as well as muscle loss, his aerobic activity is limited to 25 per cent and the remaining 75 per cent is devoted to his training regimen.
Karthik enjoys training with free weights at the fitness studio and is always game for challenging workouts. His six packs were achieved not by just training the abdominal muscles heavily. In fact, the exercises for the abdomen were only a very few.
His major workouts included the traditional push ups, pull ups, squats and lunges in different planes and with variations at an advanced level.
The only props he used were dumbbells, barbells, swiss balls, kettlebells, balance boards and plyometric boxes.
Not a single machine was used.
Karthik has also motivated many of his gym buddies to set a goal and workout regularly.
He is really very happy and proud of his six packs and says that now the challenge is to maintain it.
Karthik is always ready to listen, learn and practise whatever it takes to improve his fitness.
He makes sure he gets a proper eight-hour sleep everyday.
He understands that ‘hot’ bodies are truly made in the gym as well as in the kitchen.
So, he eats sensibly and is very conscious about his calorie restriction too. He finishes his dinner before 8 p.m. every day without fail and doesn’t eat a thing after that. This is very important in order to maintain low body fat levels.
His parents worried about his obsession with exercise and diet but his creditable performance at college reassured them that he was as serious about his MBBS degree as his fitness goals.
As he is going to become a medical professional in the future he says that it his duty to be a role model for living a healthy and active lifestyle.
I hope Karthik’s example of tremendous focus and dedication motivates all of us to get fit and healthy.
His Diet :
Morning : A multi grain porridge cooked in milk for breakfast.
Mid Morning : 4 eggs ( no yolk ) and a fruit.
Lunch : Fish or chicken with a roti and a bowl of vegetables.
Evening : A protein shake.
Dinner : A bowl of mixed fruits.
He also carries a box of dry fruits with him to college and snacks on that if his lunch gets delayed. He has given up white sugar and aerated drinks. He always loved milkshakes and biryanis, but realised that if he wants every definition of his muscles to be visible, he has to keep his body fat low and that is possible only if he follows a proper diet.
Bhaskar is a fitness professional. Read more about fitness on his website www.60minuteworkouts.com

States must have greater role in new Plan body: PMStates must have greater role in new Plan body: PM
PUTIN DISCUSSES ENERGY COOPERATION WITH SERBIAN PRESIDENT  HUNGARIAN PM IN LIGHT OF SOUTH STREAM PIPELINE SHUTDOWN-KREMLINPUTIN DISCUSSES ENERGY COOPERATION WITH SERBIAN PRESIDENT  HUNGARIAN PM IN LIGHT OF SOUTH STREAM PIPELINE SHUTDOWN-KREMLIN
Come with proof  not for fishing expedition: Swiss to IndiaCome with proof  not for fishing expedition: Swiss to India
Tense year end for distressed energy debtTense year end for distressed energy debt
Michael Mackenzie in New York
Junk investors who tapped into the shale boom see their profits unravel
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe94997e-7bcf-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar and Treasury yields up on payrollsStocks and dollar gain after US jobs data
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8f2d7e4-7c2d-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bullish US Jobs Report Keeps Fed on Track for Mid-2015 Rate HikeFed Faces Big Decision Over a Few Choice Words
Washington: US employers added the largest number of workers in nearly three years in November and wage gains picked up, a sign of economic strength that could draw the Federal Reserve closer to raising interest rates.
Nonfarm payrolls surged by 321,000, the most since January 2012, the Labor Department said on Friday. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 per cent.
"This greenlights a Fed lift-off in mid-2015," said Robert Dye, chief economist at Comerica in Dallas.
Data for September and October were revised to show 44,000 more jobs created than previously reported, adding more sparkle to the report. November's job gains blew past Wall Street's expectations for an increase of only 230,000.
It marked the 10th straight month that job growth has exceeded 200,000, the longest stretch since 1994 and further confirmation the economy is weathering slowdowns in China and the euro zone, as well as a recession in Japan.
A separate report from the Commerce Department showed exports increased 1.2 per cent in October, helping to slightly narrow the trade deficit. Exports to the European Union, China and Japan all increased.
The data buoyed US stocks and helped lift the dollar to a 5-1/2-year high against a basket of currencies as traders brought forward bets on the timing of the first rate hike. The yield on the two-year Treasury note hit a 3-1/2-year high.
The employment report provided the latest sign that a strengthening jobs market is starting to spur faster wage growth, a key factor that will help determine when the US central bank starts lifting borrowing costs.
Average hourly earnings rose by 9 cents in November, the largest increase since June of last year.
Nevertheless, the gain left them up just 2.1 per cent from a year ago - in the same tepid range they have held for the past few years and well below the 3 per cent or more economists say the Fed wants to see before lifting benchmark borrowing costs.
Wage growth turning?
The Fed has held overnight rates near zero since December 2008 and has pledged to keep them low for a "considerable time." Many economists said policymakers could back off that pledge as soon as their next meeting on December 16-17.
"The November wage increase is a warning that labor market conditions are already starting to turn," said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland, Pennsylvania. "I suspect the Fed will be talking about a tightening labor market at its next meeting."
Details of the report were upbeat, even though a smaller and more volatile survey of households showed mild job gains after robust increases in prior months.
Most of the measures Fed Chair Janet Yellen tracks to gauge the amount of slack in the labor market showed improvement.
A broad measure of joblessness that includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment fell to a fresh six-year low of 11.4 per cent from 11.5 per cent in October.
In addition, the number of long-term unemployed Americans fell to its lowest level in nearly six years, and the number working only part-time even though they wanted full-time work hit a six-year trough.
The bigger establishment survey showed job gains were broad-based last month.
Employment in professional and businesses services jumped by 68,000, while retail payrolls increased by 50,200, their largest rise since last December, as employers stepped up hiring in anticipation of a strong holiday shopping season.
Hiring in both the manufacturing and construction sectors accelerated, and the government added 7,000 workers.
The length of the workweek increased to an average of 34.6 hours, the highest since May 2008, from 34.5 hours in October. With workers putting in longer hours, further job gains may be in the offing.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

PM s Visits Boost India s Perception as Investment DestinationChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visits to countries like the US, Australia and Japan have contributed significantly in building India's perception as a promising and stable investment destination among global investors, a survey has found.
The poll was done by Assocham's foreign offices in the US and Australia for sensing the mood of multi-national companies which have either already established presence in India or are seriously eyeing India as a business destination.
Over 71 per cent of the senior level functionaries of these firms said that India tops the chart among the emerging countries as an investment destination, while as many as 53 per cent said that India could even overtake China as an investment destination in terms of growth potential.
"There was an across-the-board consensus about Prime Minister Narendra Modi being a very good communicator and who is able to establish a contact with the global community with as much ease as he is able to do at home," the survey noted.
Significantly, 73 per cent of the 161 respondents spread across the US, Japan, Australia, Singapore, Malaysia and the Middle East said Modi will be able to deliver on his promises on ease of doing business, improving basic infrastructure and on debottlenecking the policy issues.
An overwhelming 89 per cent of the respondents said it is the leadership in India which has made all the difference in the perception of global investors, helped by continuous domestic growth story.
The survey further indicated that companies based in Australia want to build on the Prime Minister's flagship programmes of smart cities, cleaning Ganga and improving urban infrastructure.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 12:04 (IST)

Typhoon Hagupit: Storm weakens  but still potentially deadlyBy: Associated Press | Legazpi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:02 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 8:18 pm
Typhoon Hagupit knocked out power, left at least three people dead and sent nearly 900,000 into shelters before it weakened Sunday, sparing the central Philippines the type of massive devastation that a monster storm brought to the region last year.
Shallow floods, damaged shanties and ripped off store signs and tin roofs were a common sight across the region, but there was no major destruction after Hagupit slammed into Eastern Samar and other island provinces.
It was packing maximum sustained winds of 140 kilometers (87 miles) per hour and gusts of 170 kph (106 mph) on Sunday, considerably weaker from its peak power but still a potentially deadly storm, according to forecasters.
The typhoon, which made landfall in Eastern Samar late Saturday, was moving slowly, dumping heavy rain that could possibly trigger landslides and flash floods.
Traumatized by the death and destruction from Typhoon Haiyan last year, nearly 900,000 people fled to about 1,000 emergency shelters and safer grounds. The government, backed by the 120,000-strong military, had launched massive preparations to attain a zero-casualty target.
Rhea Estuna, a 29-year-old mother of one, fled Thursday to an evacuation center in Tacloban- the city hardest-hit by Haiyan- and waited in fear as Hagupit’s wind and rain lashed the school where she and her family sought refuge. When she peered outside Sunday, she said she saw a starkly different aftermath than the one she witnessed after Haiyan struck in November 2013.
“There were no bodies scattered on the road, no big mounds of debris,” Estuna told The Associated Press by cellphone. “Thanks to God this typhoon wasn’t as violent.”
Haiyan’s tsunami-like storm surges and killer winds left thousands of people dead and leveled entire villages, most of them in and around Tacloban.
Nearly a dozen countries, led by the United States and the European Union, have pledged to help in case of a catastrophe from Hagupit (pronounced HA’-goo-pit), disaster-response agency chief Alexander Pama said.
The EU commissioner for humanitarian aid, Christos Stylianides, said a team of experts would be deployed to help assess the damage and needed response.
“The Philippines are not alone as they brace up for a possible hardship,” Stylianides said, adding that the European Commission was “hoping that the impact will be less powerful than a year ago, when Typhoon Haiyan left a devastating imprint on the country.”
Two people, including a baby girl, died of hypothermia in central Iloilo province Saturday at the height of the typhoon, Pama said at a news conference.
Another person died after being hit by a falling tree in the eastern town of Dolores, where the typhoon first made landfall, according to Interior Secretary Mar Roxas. Two women were continued…

Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar cremated in RanchiLt Colonel Sankalp Kumar cremated in Ranchi
Plan panel: New approach needed for big leap forward  says Narendra ModiVideo: Politicos react as Mamata, Omar skip PM's Planning Commission meet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday gave a new thrust to an effective replacement of the Planning Commission, a Government release said.
The Prime Minister described 'Team India' as a combination of three teams – the Prime Minister and Chief Ministers, the Union Council of Ministers and the bureaucracy in the Centre and States.
Invoking the spirit of "cooperative federalism", Modi said that the current global scenario offered a chance for India to take a big leap forward and stressed the need for a suitable body to replace the Planning Commission so that the strengths of the country can be suitably harnessed.
He said the question of role, relevance and restructuring of the Planning Commission had been repeatedly questioned for more than two decades. The first introspection was done after the launch of economic reforms, in 1992, when it was felt that in light of changing Government policy, a different approach was required. In 2012, the Parliamentary Consultative Committee stressed the need for a serious look at the Planning Commission and the need for a new body to replace it. Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had stressed the need for a relook at the Planning Commission towards the end of his term, the Prime Minister added.
Modi stated that when he was Chief Minister of Gujarat, he had attended meetings of the Planning Commission, and had felt the need for a better platform to articulate the view of States.
Bottom to top approach
He said it is impossible for the nation to develop unless states develop. He said the process of policy planning also has to change from "top to bottom" to "bottom to top." The Prime Minister also noted that in countries such as the US, thinktanks that function independently of the Government have a major role in policy-making. He said that in India, too, there is a great deal of economic activity that happens outside the Government setup, and there is a need to design policies for them as well.
"Can we develop a new mechanism, that plans according to India's strengths, empowers states, and brings on board all economic activity, including that which happens outside the Government," Modi said at the outset of Sunday's consultation meeting, where he added that the views which the States expressed would prove valuable in shaping the new body to replace the Planning Commission.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Tight security in Kashmir ahead of PM Narendra ModisrallyBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:19 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 8:02 pm
A thick security blanket has been thrown around the city for Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s maiden election rally in Kashmir as helicopters were deployed on Sunday for surveillance over the Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium, the venue of the event, and adjoining areas.
“The security grid is in place and you are probably listening to some surveillance operation which is going on at top (helicopters),” General Officer Commanding of the Army’s 15 Corps Lt General Subrata Saha told reporters here.
Several helicopters could be seen flying over the cricket stadium where Modi will address his first election rally in Kashmir on Monday.
“So the grid is very much in place and it is highly effective. I do not think it will be appropriate for me to reveal anything more than that,” Lt Gen Saha said.
The security forces — including police and paramilitary CRPF — have been deployed in strength across the Srinagar city while all roads leading to the venue of the rally have been sealed.
Concertina wires have been laid at several intersections in city’s Dalgate, Sonawar, Gupkar Road and TRC Crossing to block the movement of vehicles and people towards the stadium.
A posse of policemen and CRPF personnel have been deployed at each intersection to ensure that the security drill is followed in letter and spirit, a senior police officer said.
In other parts of the city, motor vehicle checking points have been established by security forces for checking the vehicles moving around. The intelligence agencies and police have been directed to keep an eye on the suspected persons, the officer said.
Barricades have also been set up at the entry points to the city to ensure that militants are not able to sneak in to carry out any act of sabotage, he added.
Security personnel have taken positions at vantage points on the buildings around the venue of the Prime Minister’s rally as part of area domination exercise.
The security drill, meanwhile, has resulted in massive traffic jams with vehicles, coming from other districts, diverted through the city.
The traffic near TRC Crossing and Badyari Chowk in Dalgate was moving at a snail’s pace due to the restrictions imposed on movement around the venue of the rally.
Prime Minister will also visit Army cantonment to pay tributes to martyrs
“The Prime Minister, before addressing the election rally here, will visit the local army headquarters to pay tributes to the soldiers who laid down their lives while repulsing the militant attack in Uri,” a state BJP leader said.

TC to take call on extended spectrum use by ...Telecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Bharti Airtel, Vodafone
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 04.39PM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(Idea has agreed to allow…)
NEW DELHI: Inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission is likely to take a call on Monday on allowing extended use of spectrum by Airtel and Vodafone to avoid disruption in their services in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata, besides deciding on base price for the next round of auction.
"In view of public interest and absence of alternate possibility, the DoT will propose Telecom Commission to extend use of spectrum by Airtel and Vodafone in Delhi till January 14 and till December 15 in Mumbai and Kolkata," an official source said.
Old permit of Vodafone in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata expired on November 29 as well as its right to use spectrum allocated under it. Airtel's permit in Delhi and Kolkata also expired on the same day.
However, both the companies acquired spectrum afresh in February this year but sought time till January 2014 to adjust their mobile network as per the new frequency spots won by them.
In Delhi, Idea Cellular bagged 5 Megahertz of airwaves in premium 900 Mhz band, in which mobile signal covers double area compared to coverage in other spectrum band used for GSM services. The 5 Mhz spectrum won by Idea includes 3 Mhz of spectrum that was being used by Vodafone and 2 Mhz was with Airtel.
Idea has agreed to allow Airtel and Vodafone to use its spectrum till January 14, subject to regulatory approval.
Airtel has over 1 crore mobile subscribers in Delhi while Vodafone has over 93 lakh customers.
The Telecom Commission is likely to take call on reserve price for auction of spectrum in 800 Mhz (CDMA), 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz (GSM) band.
A DoT panel has proposed up to 17 per cent increase in price of CDMA spectrum compared to the base price recommended by sector regulator TRAI at Rs 3,646 crore per megahertz.
The panel has also suggested to increase price of 900 Mhz band spectrum in some circles by up to 20 per cent.
The Cabinet is likely to take a final call on reserve pricing for spectrum auction, planned to be held in February.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congress terms PM Modi s decision to dissolve Planning Commission  undemocraticCongress terms PM Modi s decision to dissolve Planning Commission  undemocratic
Centre financially burdening states: Uttar Pradesh CM AkhileshYadavBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:49 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 6:41 pm
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav today hit out at the Centre for financially “burdening” states by executing schemes which come under the State List, saying such programmes were putting the resources of the state governments under undue pressure.
He also said the practice of ‘one size fits all’ should be discarded by the new body which takes over the role of thePlanning Commission as without a flexible policy, the states with differing needs cannot develop.
Yadav said the contribution made by the Planning Commission in “challenging” times cannot be ignored. “We have to incorporate changes based on experience gained over a period of time,” he said, referring to the revamp of the plan panel.
Addressing a meet of Chief Ministers convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on replacing the Planning Commission, he said that it would have been “more beneficial” had the issue of the plan panel discussed with the states and their opinions, views were taken into account before the PM interacted with the CMs.
He said that the states were being “financially burdened” as the Centre was executing schemes which come under the State List in the Constitution. “These programmes,” the Chief Minister rued, “are exerting undue pressure on the finances of the states and in some cases states find themselves helpless.”
Yadav stressed the need of allowing “full freedom” to the states for executing projects as per their requirements.
There should be threadbare consultations with the state governments at political and official levels before the five- year plans are given final shape, he said.
The Chief Minister also said that the issues of the states should be addressed by the Planning Commission or the new body within specified timelines, noting that the role played by the plan panel as an innovation and knowledge hub could be the focal point for the states.
Underlining the need of providing resources for study and research to obliterate problems faced in development of the states, Yadav suggested that the representation of the states should be enhanced on the one hand, while on the other the Centre should also make efforts to provide knowledge, research and financial aiding to achieve the targets of the ready road map and meeting of the development indices.
He sought that 50 per cent of the central plan outlay budget be provided to the states as a one-time amount so that the states could implement their projects by keeping in mind local needs and priorities.
The efficacy of the fund utilisation should be done by keeping long-term targets in mind, he said.
Yadav said the documents presented by the states at the meeting of the National Development Council should not be put in the archives as they carry the “pains” of the Chief Ministers.

Plan panel meet: PM Modi pushes for Team India  says states have key role in newbodyPrime Minister Narendra Modi gives his speech during an election rally in Hazaribagh on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 1:00 pm
A majority of chief ministers on Sunday favoured Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s proposal to  replace the existing Planning Commission with another institution that would reflect a truly federal polity and a changed economic scenario, and which recognises states’ need for flexibility in spending.
Congress-ruled states, however, did not favour dismantling the 64-year old Commission, and instead suggested a revamp of the existing structure.
The issue was discussed during a four-hour meeting moderated by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, where the PM “invoked the spirit of cooperate federalism cooperative federalism” and stressed on the need for a suitable body to replace the Planning Commission.
“The process of policy planning also has to change from ‘top to bottom’ to ‘bottom to top’,” Modi is learnt to have told the chief ministers.
The PM also referred to remarks that his predecessor Manmohan Singh had made on April 30, to the effect that the Plan panel lacked a futuristic vision in the post-reform era. Singh had noted that the panel would have to reinvent itself in order to stay effective and relevant, according to an official release.
Government sources said an alternative to the Plan panel was likely to be announced within a month. It would be chaired by the Prime Minister and include some Cabinet ministers, chief ministers, as well as private sector experts. Chief ministers may be inducted by rotation, and have greater say in the allocation and use of central funds.
The new institution will, as recommended by the Planning Commission, also serve as a hub for innovation and research. In accordance with the recommendation of most state governments, it is likely to do away with the concept of planning and annual plans. An option on the table is to subsume the functions of the Planning Commission in the Inter-State Council, provided for by the Constitution.
Jaitley, who briefed the media after the meeting, said no timeline had been fixed for setting up the new body. “The central government will take a considered view after the consultation is over,” he said, and indicated that the Budget would be prepared as in the past.
“There is no disagreement on the need for change. But the transition should be managed well,” said a Congress chief minister.
In his Independence Day speech, Modi had proposed restructuring the Planning Commission to suit the current needs of the economy, and to empower the states which, at the moment, have little say in decisions on state plans.
BJP-ruled states including Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Gujarat were in favour of the move, as were Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Punjab and most Northeastern states. Bihar, Assam, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand, however, questioned the need to replace the Planning Commission.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee did not attend the meeting, but has supported an alternative to the Plan panel in a letter to the Prime Minister. The chief ministers of Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir, which are in the midst of assembly elections, did not attend.
Sources said chief ministers were given five to seven minutes to present their views, with Jaitley in charge of managing the time. Prime Minister Modi interjected only once during the meeting (apart from the introductory and concluding remarks) to clarify his position on the Plan panel. He said he appreciated the work of the Planning Commission, and emphasised that he had never called for its abolition. He pointed out to states opposing the move that former PM Manmohan Singh too had called for restructuring the Soviet-era agency.
Some states are understood to have questioned the need for dismantling the Commission in the middle of a Plan period; those in favour of the proposal, however, asked for it to be disbanded immediately.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis suggested that the Planning Commission be replaced by a National Development and Reforms Commission, as well as a grouping of similar states. Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal is understood to have pointed out that states must have more say in the new body on decisions affecting them such as minimum support price for grains. CMs of Northeastern states said they often got a raw deal because of their small populations and the inability to raise resources.
Planning Commission secretary Sindhushree Khullar made a presentation on the need and role of the proposed agency — and sought comments from states on whether the five-year Plan should be continued, the scope and method of interaction in the new forum, restructuring of fund flows for the central Plan to states, and the role of the knowledge and innovation hub for states.
Lieutenant Governors of Delhi, Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Puducherry were also present at the meeting. West Bengal and Mizoram were represented by their finance ministers.

Plan panel revamp needed  says ModiPlan panel revamp is necessary, says Modi
IANS | New Delhi Dec 07, 2014 05:02 PM IST
Expressing satisfation at the significant suggestions made by the states on the revamp of the Planning Commission, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Sunday told chief ministers here the planning panel would have to reinvent itself to remain more effective and relevant in the present context.
"Most states felt the need for an alternative structure where both the Centre, states and experts could participate, instead of a central structure," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said, briefing the reporters here after the meeting, which he too attended.
"A few - three, four - states felt if the present Planning Commission could evolve into that structure," he added.
Earlier, citing former prime minister Manmohan Singh's remarks made in April that the commission has no futuristic vision in the post-reform period, Modi said the body should be replaced by an organisation which can strengthen the federal structure and energise states.
"The prime minister said that when he was chief minister of Gujarat, his heart was with the chief ministers and he had felt the need for a better platform to articulate the view of states," Jaitley said.
According to Modi, the process of policy planning has to change from "top to bottom" to "bottom to top", the finance minister said.
"The prime minister also noted that in countries such as the US, think tanks that function independently of the government have a major role in policy-making," he added.

The Justice Departments jaw-dropping report about the Cleveland Police DepartmentBy Radley Balko December 5 Follow @radleybalko
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder (L) and Acting Assistant Attorney General Vanita Gupta (R) listen as U.S. Attorney Steve Dettlebach speaks at a press conference on December 4, 2014 in Cleveland, Ohio. (Photo by Angelo Merendino/Getty Images)
The Department of Justice has released a report of its investigation into the Cleveland Police Department. My Post colleague Emily Badger beat me to the punch on this, but the findings are staggering.
Our investigation concluded that there is reasonable cause to believe that CDP engages in a pattern or practice of using unreasonable force in violation of the Fourth Amendment. That
pattern manifested in a range of ways, including:
The unnecessary and excessive use of deadly force, including shootings and head strikes with impact weapons;
The unnecessary, excessive or retaliatory use of less lethal force including tasers, chemical spray and fists;
Excessive force against persons who are mentally ill or in crisis, including in cases where the officers were called exclusively for a welfare check; and
The employment of poor and dangerous tactics that place officers in situations where avoidable force becomes inevitable and places officers and civilians at unnecessary risk.
In other words, the department fails in just about every possible measurable way. And it goes on like that:
 . . . we found incidents of CDP officers firing their guns at people who do not pose an immediate threat of death or serious bodily injury to officers or others and using guns in a careless and dangerous manner, including hitting people on the head with their guns, in circumstances where deadly force is not justified. Officers also use less lethal force that is significantly out of proportion to the resistance encountered and officers too often escalate incidents with citizens instead of using effective and accepted tactics to de-escalate tension. We reviewed incidents where officers used Tasers,3 oleoresin capsicum spray (“OC Spray”), or punched people who were already subdued, including people in handcuffs. Many of these people could have been controlled with a lesser application of force. At times, this force appears to have been applied as punishment for the person’s earlier verbal or physical resistance to an officer’s command, and is not based on a current threat posed by the person. This retaliatory use of force is not legally justified. Our review also revealed that officers use excessive force against individuals who are in mental health crisis or who may be unable to understand or comply with officers’ commands, including when the individual is not suspected of having committed any crime at all.
In addition to the pattern or practice of excessive force, we found that CDP officers commit tactical errors that endanger both themselves and others in the Cleveland community and, in some instances, may result in constitutional violations. They too often fire their weapons in a manner and in circumstances that place innocent bystanders in danger; and accidentally fire them, sometimes fortuitously hitting nothing and other times shooting people and seriously injuring them. CDP officers too often use dangerous and poor tactics to try to gain control of suspects, which results in the application of additional force or places others in danger. Critically, officers do not make effective use of de-escalation techniques, too often instead escalating encounters and employing force when it may not be needed and could be avoided. While these tactical errors may not always result in constitutional violations, they place officers, suspects, and other members of the Cleveland community at risk.
The department also fails at holding cops accountable after the fact.
Force incidents often are not properly reported, documented, investigated, or addressed with corrective measures. Supervisors throughout the chain of command endorse questionable and sometimes unlawful conduct by officers. We reviewed supervisory investigations of officers’ use of force that appear to be designed from the outset to justify the officers’ actions. Deeply troubling to us was that some of the specially-trained investigators who are charged with conducting unbiased reviews of officers’ use of deadly force admitted to us that they conduct their investigations with the goal of casting the accused officer in the most positive light possible. This admitted bias appears deeply rooted, cuts at the heart of the accountability system at CDP, and is emblematic of the type of practice that justifies a finding under Section 14141.
In fact, the relevant internal department responsible for investigating deadly force incidents hasn’t conducted a single investigation since 2012. More disturbing still, the DOJ issued a similar report a mere decade ago about the same department. There’s only so much the department can do. At some point, it’s up to the people of Cleveland. Hopefully it won’t take too many more dead kids or multimillion dollar settlements for residents to demand that political leaders install police officials who take a more constitution-friendly approach to law enforcement.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Olafur Eliasson at Fondation Louis VuittonOlafur Eliasson at Fondation Louis Vuitton
Jackie Wullschlager
The philosopher of spectacle is staging an immersive show at Bernard Arnault’s new museum. He talks about its challenges
©Ulf Svane
Olafur Eliasson in his studio in Copenhagen earlier this month
Can any artist compete with the combined fantasies of France’s richest man and the world’s most famous architect?
By commissioning Olafur Eliasson, Europe’s philosopher of spectacle, for the inaugural exhibition at his Fondation Louis Vuitton , Bernard Arnault surely wants visual wizardry but also some gravitas, to offset the museum’s rich-man’s-folly image.
With works including “Map for Unthought Thoughts”, a fivefold symmetrically patterned immersive light and mirror installation; “Double Infinity”, a corridor lined with blackened sandpaper; and a rooftop sun-tracker directing rays into Frank Gehry’s building, Eliasson has come up with a show steeped in abstraction. The effects sound so ephemeral that they imply a riposte to the sturdy materialism symbolised by the LV initials carved, jewel-like, over the building’s entrance.
Eliasson says the show, entitled Contact, is “about the horizon that divides, for each of us, the known from the unknown”. So are you an existentialist? I ask the Danish/Icelandic artist when we meet in London ahead of the opening later this month.
More
Refraction. The Image of Sense
“I don’t see myself as a particularly existential person,” Eliasson replies carefully, although he looks the part: solemn, spectacled, floppy-haired, casually dressed in dark trousers and a blue T-shirt bearing the word “Space”.
“Questions about life should be taken in a prosaic manner. Often, ideas don’t come from the inside. And they’re not handed down from God — that’s a romantic notion. They are pragmatic, they come from everyday life, from the gutter of time,” he continues.
It is important, he says, not to mistake an idea for a work of art. “Between an idea and doing something, there’s a bridge. First you make a sketch, it’s a small doodle but it’s amazing, at that moment you have changed the world! Then you might do another drawing, a cardboard model, add colour, put it into a computer, maybe a scientist assists. The assumption in our society is that creativity lies within these choices, between cardboard and wood, red and blue, floor or ceiling, but it doesn’t. It is in the quality of the way it grips the world.”
Eliasson’s installation, “Ice Watch” — huge blocks of ice from Greenland placed outside Copenhagen’s town hall as “a physical wake-up call” to climate change — melted away a few weeks ago. Does he believe that art can transform the world?
He leans forward urgently. “It would be so sad if I said I didn’t believe that. It would be deeming my art to be formalist. But I don’t think the world is easy to change. We talk about climate change or Isis but doing something is much harder. We feel despair and disconnection — no wonder people fall into the hands of nationalism. What makes the cultural sector important is that, unlike the political sector, it enjoys the trust of civic society.”
Most contemporary installation artists, though, enjoy no such thing: from celebrities like Damien Hirst to museum insiders such as Bruce Nauman, Doris Salcedo and Richard Tuttle, they meet with public derision or incomprehension. Eliasson is an exception: his “Weather Project”, with its giant mirrored sun in a misty atmosphere, drew 2m visitors to Tate Modern. It remains the defining image of how 21st-century art can be a focus for social connection, political engagement — its underlying rhetoric was about climate change — and fun. “People lay on the floor, staring up at themselves reflected in that ceiling, lit by the pale yellow light of their new sun god,” critic Robert Hughes applauded.
©María del Pilar García Ayensa Studio
‘Dust Particle’
Participation is a curatorial buzzword but Eliasson’s works, achieving their effects by altering sensory perceptions, then perhaps social or political ones, really do depend on visitors’ responses. “Only once a text has been read, the way it impacts on people reading it — that’s the creative centrifugal force. It’s not a final work, it’s the journey,” he says.
At the LV foundation, that voyage progresses through an enveloping theatre of light and shadows transporting audiences into the apparent darkness of outer space via a reversed water-flow sculpture, “Parallax Planet”, a “Big Bang Fountain” and a glass polyhedron called “Dust Particle”. Like asteroids, visitors will “feel themselves floating through the space, meeting the artworks, meeting other visitors, and seeing them fly by.”
If this is the Nordic romantic sublime reinvented for the space age, it is also informed by Scandinavia’s other ideal: the social contract. “The studio is not a closed unit, it’s an instrumental part of society,” Eliasson insists. “Creativity is about interdependence.” In his studio in Berlin — he commutes there from Copenhagen, where he lives with his art historian wife and their two children, adopted from Ethiopia — Eliasson employs a staff of 90: architects, engineers, technicians, two cooks. The studio’s sustainable vegetarian cookbook was published last year; other philanthropic/business ventures include “Little Sun”, a bright yellow solar-powered LED lamp — £20 at Tate Modern’s shop — whose sale in the west allows its distribution at low prices to parts of Africa without electricity.
Ideas are not handed down from God . . . they come from everyday life, from the gutter of time
- Olafur Eliasson
Eliasson acknowledges that “having grown up in northern Europe influenced me a lot”, though he adds that “I think of identity as a layering of everything we go through.” Born in Copenhagen in 1967 to Icelandic parents who separated shortly afterwards, he experienced extremes of landscape during holidays in Iceland with his father, “an artist who spent a lot of time in nature, he’d tour around and I’d be with him, but I’d be more interested in making dams.”
Eliasson was “10 days into art school” in Copenhagen in 1989 when “the Wall came down, and we drove at once to Berlin”. He moved there permanently in 1994. “There were not so many artists, 30 or 40 hanging out together. My luck was that when I started there had just been a financial crash, and there was a sudden change from the art of the 1980s to something more ephemeral and psychology-driven.
“I was already very interested in artists of the West Coast, James Turrell, Robert Irwin, and also from New York — Félix González-Torres, Cady Noland, the new sensitivity. We were not even against money, it just wasn’t part of the equation, we didn’t even have a critique against the market.”
It is a long way from there to Arnault’s Fondation Louis Vuitton.
“Some people are sceptical of the involvement of the private sector but it’s wrong to suggest I’m too good to work with the private sector. The better shows, more radical choices, more experimental platforms, are often in the private sector. Don’t underestimate how robust art is.”
©Chris Young
Visitors at ‘The Weather Project’, Elisson’s 2003 installation at Tate Modern, London
Eliasson’s vision — as politician, entrepreneur, studio director, choreographer of rave-like spectacles — is so inclusive that I wonder how his own identity remains in his art.
“It still has a definition of a self. In my case, what constitutes a self is the surrounding’s ability to hold it. When I speak to you now, you’re carrying me, you reflect me.”
In the end, intimacy in Eliasson’s art is about us, not him.
“You encounter yourself through the work,” he says, “It can remind you of something you knew about yourself but had forgotten, something holding unthought thoughts. We know from literature, theatre, how sometimes you recognise yourself in the work: ‘That is exactly how I feel, I just had not come to give that thought a shape.’ That is what culture fundamentally does.”
‘Olafur Eliasson: Contact’, Fondation Louis Vuitton, Paris, December 17-February 16 2015, fondationlouisvuitton.fr
Photographs: Ulf Svane, María del Pilar García Ayensa Studio, Chris Young
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav allegedly rapes Delhi woman; company reactsDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Uber was banned in Delhi yesterday and government mulled similar action across the country as outrage grew over the alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman executive by its cab driver.
Uber cabs driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who was arrested Sunday evening from Mathura for raping a 27-year-old executive in Delhi, is a repeat offender- Uber claims that it offers the ‘safest rides on the road’.
Revealed during the initial interrogation by the police, this fact highlights the carelessness on the part of Uber cab service. The accused would not have been behind the wheel of the Uber cab had the US-based company run a background check and got police verification done.
On Friday night, the 27-year-old woman who works for a finance company in Gurgaon has gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7 pm. After dinner, one of her friend gave her a ride till Vasant Kunj. She meanwhile booked the cab from Vasant Kunj to her house in Inderlok on her smartphone. The driver along with Uber Swift Dzire cab arrived around 10.20 pm and she left for home.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat of the car only to wake up and find that they had stopped at a secluded spot. She found that the car doors were locked and, when she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed her and then committed rape.
“The driver reportedly sexually assaulted her and beat her up. The woman said she tried to fight back, but he overpowered her. He reportedly told her that if she shouted for help, he would insert a rod in her genitals, and reminded her of the December 16 2012 bus gangrape in the city,” reported Indian Express.
In the complaint, the woman said that the driver repeatedly slapped her and punched her when she tried to use her phone to make a call. He also told her that he would drop her home safely only if she wouldn’t report the matter to the police.
The driver reportedly dropped her home, registered the end of the ride on Uber’s software, and gave her a bill. “After she got down from the car, she secretly clicked a photograph of the cab, with the vehicle’s registration number. She went home, but soon  left for the Sarai Rohilla police station to file a complaint,” said the police.
This incident was reported around 1.25 am on Saturday. A case was registered at Sarai Rohilla Police Station under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
Activists of AISA and JNUSU protest against the rape by Uber cab driver, outside Police headquarters in New Delhi. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Uber cab in which the crime took place was owned by the driver himself and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to the Delhi police. The Swift Dzire cab in which the crime took place was recovered from the city late Saturday night.
Meanwhile, the US-based cab service provider, which has come under attack for allegedly flouting norms, has issued a statement saying they are providing all help to police in the investigation.
We are deeply disturbed by the reported incident. Our thoughts are with the victim. We are actively and fully cooperating with authorities.
— Uber Delhi (@Uber_Delhi) December 6, 2014
Uber spokesperson, Evelyn Tay, made the following statement on their blog, “Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done.”
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” added Evelyn Tay.
Police take away rape accused Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav after he was produced before a Magistrate Court in New Delhi on Monday. (PTI)
Police said the driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was an Smartphone App which he exited after the incident.
The company also could not immediately provide the call log to police as details were said to be stored at the company’s headquarters in New York.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

Sunday ET | US immigration rules: Indians to...Under Barack Obama's new immigration rules, upto 1,70,000 illegal Indians in US will benefit
Dec 7, 2014, 09.00AM IST
Tags:
(A large number of Indians…)
By: Sam Jillela
WASHINGTON, DC: Sundar Rao and his wife, Suma, along with their two children, Radha and Rama, arrived in the US on tourist visas in the summer of 2003. After overstaying their six-month visa period, the Raos fell "out-of-status", in the parlance of the US Citizenship and Immigration Services, and eventually became undocumented immigrants.
Under the current rules, the 49-year-old Sundar and Suma, 44, are candidates for deportation, just like most of the over 11 million other undocumented immigrants living in this country.
Help has come their way with US president Barack Obama's sweeping executive order on immigration two weeks ago, which gives protection from deportation to parents of American citizens and green card holders, provided they have been in the country since January 1, 2010.
The reason the Raos can now stay in the US and pursue a green card and eventual citizenship is Radha, their elder daughter, who is now an American citizen after her marriage to a US national.
Protection from Deportation
Rao and Suma will be among the thousands of undocumented immigrants who will be protected from deportation under the executive order. Based on estimates by the Pew Research Center, a Washington-based think tank, the executive action would provide relief to as many as 1,70,000 Indians who are in the US illegally. An additional, 13,500 are protected from deportation even under the current law.
According to Pew, there are 4,50,000 undocumented immigrants from India. In terms of percentage, Indians are the second largest beneficiaries after the Mexicans. Roughly, 44% of the 5.9 million Mexicans will benefit, they will "account for two-thirds of those who will be eligible for deportation relief under Obama's executive action", according to Pew.
A large number of Indians will also get a reprieve from having to leave the country through another provision of the Obama's order, which allows the spouses and children of green card holders to apply for a waiver from the illegal status — and eventually to apply for green card — without leaving the US.
Delhi-born Mukul Trivedi (name changed) will benefit from this specific ruling. The 33-year-old Northern Virginia resident came to the US in 2005 with an entertainment group on a P-1B visa. After he decided not to return to India with the troupe, he became an unauthorised immigrant. Two years ago, he married a legal permanent resident.
Trivedi doesn't have to go back to India to fix his immigration status. Previously, he was required to leave the country and reapply if he wanted to return to the US, and he would have been banned for up to 10 years. Both Rao and Trivedi welcomed the executive order. "It is a real Thanksgiving gift," Trivedi said.
  An Economic Force
One remarkable aspect of the Pew study was the presence of a remarkably high number of illegal immigrants from India. The department of homeland security revealed in 2012 that there were 2,60,000 unauthorised immigrants from India in that year.
The Pew estimate of 4,50,000 would make India the source of the fourth-largest unauthorised immigrant population after Mexico (5.9 million), El Salvador (6,75,000) and Guatemala (5,25,000). Experts say there is a marked difference between a majority of illegal immigrants from India and those from the Hispanic world. Most Hispanic undocumented immigrants came to the US illegally by crossing the border.
"Most of the so-called undocumented Indians in this country became 'undocumented' because they are out-of-status," says Johnson Myalil, an immigration attorney with High-Tech Immigration Law Group, based in Reston, Virginia. "Most of them came here legally, for education, for employment or as tourists."
Myalil says the undocumented population includes many tech workers who came on H-1B and L1 visas but ended up losing status as a result of strict USCIS rules regarding transfer of visas. If a foreign worker who is on an H-1B visa loses a job, he or she must find another employer and transfer the visa within a specific time period. A substantial number of Indians who lost their jobs during the Great Recession were unable to find another job before they lost the visa status.
Myalil adds that many undocumented Indians, who lost status, have done well despite their immigration. "Many of them have nice houses, cars and investment," he said. "They are an economic force." However, among the undocumented, there are also Indian nationals who entered the US by crossing Mexican and Canadian borders. The Associated Press reported in July 2011 that between October 2009 and March 2011, the US Border Patrol had "detained at least 2,600 illegal immigrants from India, a dramatic rise over the typical 150 to 300 arrests per year".
Similarly, a significant number arrives through Canada as well. One of the reasons New Hampshire, the ninth smallest US state in terms of population, has more than its fair share of undocumented Indians is its proximity to Canada. The state shares a border with the Canadian province of Quebec.
(Global News Wire)

J&K polls: Terror attack shocks Uri people  fear government will shift focus from developmentD P Satish , IBNLive.com | Dec 07, 2014 at  05:21pm IST
Uri(Kashmir): "I used to travel to Karachi and Rawalpindi via Uri before 1947. Nothing has changed since then. Everything looks the same except the huge presence of army. It is a very underdeveloped area. No tourist visits this place" says an 85 years old taxi driver from Srinagar Gulam Mohammed.
He is right. Uri has not seen any major development after Independence. Except a few new houses, most houses look very old. As a local resident says, "time stands still here".
Uri is strategically very important for India. From here, the Pakistan border (Line of Control) is just 12 kilometres. The river Jhelum enters Pakistan from India near Uri.
Since Uri was the most vital link between two countries, terrorists stayed away from engaging in any activity in the area.
The entire Uri area is fortified and the Indian Army has had a huge presence here for over 50 years. But, even during the height of terrorism, there were no terror attacks or major incidents in Uri region. It remained peaceful all through the turbulent 1990s.
There have been hundreds of ceasefire violations by the Pakistani military and cross border shelling across Uri region. It has even claimed many lives.
But, there was no visible terrorist activity. The daring attack on an army camp at Mohura near Uri on Friday by the Pakistan sponsored terrorists in which more than 23 people including 6 terrorists have died has come as a huge shock for the local people and the Army.
They did not expect this. Even though Uri is so close to border and Srinagar-Muzaffarabad highway is the lifeline of the region, terrorists stayed away from disturbing the peace here.
According to old timers in the area, during 1990s, Kashmiri terrorists used to cross over to Pakistan for training across the border near Uri. They used to take the same route to return home to launch attacks across Kashmir valley.
Since Uri was the most vital link between two countries, militants stayed away from engaging in any activity in the area. They did not want to attract the attention of the Army by disturbing peace in the region.
It remained like this for twenty years. But, Friday's attack seems to have changed that.
Three villages within 10 kilometres radius of Uri- Lagama, Bandi and Dyari still have a sizable population of Kashmiri Pandits. When IBNLive visited them just two days before the attack, they claimed that they are safe and happy there.
Talking to IBNLive after the attack, a local leader said, "we are shocked by this attack. Did not expect this. It shows the level of desperation among the anti-national elements who want to derail elections at any cost. But, we are not scared. We will fight back".
A well respected, senior journalist in Kashmir Bashir Ahmad Soffi also feels that Uri attack is really disturbing. Talking to IBNLive, he said, "I don't know how and why it happened. It is surprising and a matter of great concern".
The Army has several battalions posted across Uri. It has been using the most sophisticated equipment to keep a strict vigil on the border. The highly skilled terrorists managed to sneak into India evading detection to launch a daring attack. It has exposed some major loopholes in the security system. The red faced army is now trying to find out what went wrong.
Uri is mainly an agrarian economy. There are no tourist attractions. Even though the place is so beautiful and can be developed into a major centre of adventure tourism and eco-tourism, the government is not doing anything because of its strategic location.
The local Congress MLA and Minister Taj Mohiuddin is seeking re-election and has a good support among his voters. He has promised the local people that incidents like Friday's attack won't be repeated in future.
A 17-year-old boy from Uri said, "We have a huge army presence in the area. It gives us a sense of security. Since there has been no militant activity in the region, we were free to move around. Hope, the situation won't change now".
An extremely backward place like Uri is crying for the government's attention. It wants development. The people of Uri want employment. They were hoping that after this election, the government would do something. They now fear that the government focus may shift from development to security after Friday's attack.
Uri is voting on December 9 (Tuesday). When IBNLive visited them two days before the attack, most voters said that they would vote. Last time, Uri had registered over 80 per cent voting.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

SBI to take final call on $1-billion loan to Adani in 3 monthsHi Guest
SBI to take final call on $1-billion loan to Adani in 3 months
Loans of over Rs 400 crore (Rs 4 billion) are generally cleared by executive committee headed by the chairperson. State Bank of India has said the final decision on the controversial $1 billion (Rs 6,200 crore) loan agreement with Adani Group for its Australian mining project would be taken by the executive committee of the bank in 2-3 months. SBI had last month signed the pact with Adani Group on the sidelines of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Australia. "The executive committee after ...

Plan panel is a national spirit  must be continued: Arunachal CMPlan panel is a ‘national spirit’, must be continued: Arunachal CM
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
Congress-ruled Arunachal Pradesh today opposed the move to do away with the Planning Commission, saying it is a “national spirit” that must be continued.
The Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister, Nabam Tuki, described the Plan panel as a single window for small states to air grievances on issues like regional aspirations and Centre-State disputes.
Addressing a meeting convened by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, to discuss the future of the Planning Commission, he said to understand the specific and peculiar requirements of the hill/tribal/special categories’ states and to ride on their strengths towards the shared goal of developing them — an institution of the magnitude of Planning Commission is sine qua non (essential or indispensable element).
Tuki said the country’s first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru had set forth to chart out the development of the nation and for doing so, he envisioned an institution, with fresh ideas and spirit of accommodation for all, especially the weak and marginalised sections of the society.
He said the Planning Commission has had a national consensus and appeal for the last 60 years.
“I firmly believe that this spirit of national consensus must continue. We can safely give credit to the Planning Commission for all the achievements in the Plan sector of the nation,” he said.
The Chief Minister said the body has been undertaking three tasks — drawing the blueprint of the nation’s perspective development plans in the form of Five-year plans, entailing the allocation of resources to states in the form of annual Plan and formulating policies and programmes, and assessment of schemes of the Ministries.
These three broad functions in unison provide the space to the Planning Commission to have a holistic visualisation and implementation of development initiatives of the Government.
Today's Poll
Has the Planning Commission become an outdated idea?
Yes

Indian MSMEs set to battle it out for Rs 18 000-cr defence pieIndian MSMEs set to battle it out for Rs 18,000-cr defence pie
IANS | Kolkata Dec 07, 2014 03:22 PM IST
The Defence Procurement Policy 2013 and the Make in India campaign have created a staggering Rs 18,000 crore ($3 billion) opportunity for the Indian defence MSME (micro, small and medium) sector as numerous offsets in the three wings of the armed forces are expected to be executed in the next five years.
According to defence MSMEs, the two key initiatives have opened up an estimated Rs 90,000 crore offset opportunity for the defence players in defence public sector undertakings (DPSUs), enterprise as well as for the MSME sector over the coming five-year period.
Of this, the MSME sector is expected to land offset business worth Rs 18,000 crore, which is 20 percent of the overall projection for the defence sector.
According to Samtel Avionics, Rs 72,000 crore looms from the Indian Air Force with the Indian Navy presenting another Rs 13,500 crore possibility, while the prospect from the Indian Army is anywhere around Rs 4,500 crore.
"The total value of the defence offsets contracted in the last few years is valued around Rs 28,800 crore. The Indian Air Force has signed contracts worth approximately Rs 21,600 crore, the Indian Navy worth Rs 5,064 crore and the Indian Army Rs 144 crore", Samtel Avionics Executive Director Puneet Kaura told IANS.
Indigenous manufacture of parts and sub-assemblies used in non-critical ground-based systems as replacements during maintenance of original imported equipment, and indigenous design, development and manufacture of complete equipment as a replacement for obsolete original equipment, through a process of reverse engineering, are encouraging MSMEs in the defence segment.
"Now that serious efforts are being made to attract MSMEs into this sector, there is no doubt that they will rise to the occasion by raising their standards of quality and reliability of parts and assemblies that they manufacture and supply to the larger players", G. Raj Narayan, founder and managing director of the diversified Radel Group, told IANS.
"This will lead to a significant reduction in costs as well as time of execution of projects since outsourced work can actually happen in parallel in multiple efficiently managed MSME organizations," he added.
Narayan was of the view that ensuring business sustainability by assuring MSMEs of long-term business for at least eight years and provision of special incentives for their investing in research and development, reverse engineering and indigenisation of defence equipment will boost the scenario for the sector.
At least 30 percent of the value of each programme is in electronics, or avionics as far as an airborne platform is concerned. Opportunities for MSMEs exist in a large number of segments such as armoured vehicles, aircraft, helicopters, submarines, tanks, ships and UAVs, among others.
"There are EW (Electronic Warfare) suites to be bought, as well as radar systems, optronic systems, displays and other LRUs which have to be procured. Requirements exist in segments ranging from space to underwater (submarines)", Kaura added.

J&K polls: 64 crorepatis  9 facing criminal charges contesting in 3rd phasePress Trust of India | Dec 07, 2014 at 03:56pm IST
Srinagar: Sixty four crorepatis and nine candidates facing criminal charges are among the 138 in fray in 16 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir which will go to polls in the third phase on December 9.
The sixteen constituencies are spread over three districts of Baramulla, Budgam and Pulwama - all in Kashmir Valley.
The affidavits submitted by the candidates along with their nomination papers suggested that 64 are crorepatis and nine face criminal charges including attempt to murder and assault on a woman.
The sixteen constituencies are spread over three districts of Baramulla, Budgam and Pulwama - all in Kashmir Valley.
Opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has the highest number of crorepatis - 14 out of the 16, while the ruling National Conference (NC) has 14. The Congress has nine out of its 15 candidates, while BJP has two out of its eight candidates in the fray. Among the 54 Independents, 22 (41 per cent) have declared assets worth more than Rs 1 crore.
There are more rich candidates in the third phase (46 per cent) in comparison to the first two phases.
In the first phase, there were 46 out of 123 (37 per cent), while in the second phase out of the 175 candidates, 55 (31 per cent) were crorepatis.
The average assets per candidate contesting in the third phase of the elections is Rs 2.59 crore as against Rs 1.38 crore in the first phase and Rs 1.41 crore in the second phase.
Among the major parties, the average assets per candidate for 16 PDP candidates is Rs 5.27 crore, while 16 NC candidates have average assets worth Rs 4.33 crore.
15 Congress candidates have average assets worth Rs 3.48 crore, while eight BJP candidates have average assets of Rs 53.82 lakh. Ten candidates have declared assets worth more than Rs 10 crore.
Shabir Ahmed Mir, an Independent fighting from Gulmarg assembly segment, has the maximum assets worth Rs 43 crore, followed by Uri's sitting legislator and Minister for Health, Taj Mohi-Ud-Din with assets worth over Rs 19 crore and NC's Mohammad Yaqoob Wani from Sangrama with Rs 16 crore.
Two candidates, both Independents, - Bashir Ahmad Khan from Khansahib and Ghulam Mohammad Yatoo from Pampore assembly segment - have declared zero assets.
Five candidates have declared liabilities of Rs 1 crore and above with Congress candidate from Sangrama seat Shuib Nabi Lone, who has assets worth over Rs 2 crore, topping the list with liabilities worth more than Rs 5 crore.
As many as 109 (79 per cent) candidates out of 138 have not declared income tax details. Out of these 109, 41 have assets worth more than Rs 1 crore.
About 68 (49 per cent) candidates have not declared their PAN details, out of which 24 candidates have total assets worth more than Rs 1 crore.
On the educational front, two candidates are illiterate, three are class five pass, 18 are class eight pass and 23 have passed class 10.
While 24 candidates have passed class 12, 24 are simple graduates and 22 professional graduates. There are 20 post-graduates and a candidate with doctorate in the fray.
62 (45 per cent) candidates have declared their age to be between 25 to 50 years while 65 (47 per cent) are in the age group of 51 to 70 years.
Seven candidates are above the age of 71 years. There are no female candidates in the fray for the third phase.
While three women candidates fought the elections in the first phase, eight contested in the second phase.
Out of the nine candidates with criminal charges, six are facing serious charges of robbery, attempt to murder and assault on a woman.
Basharat Hussain Najar of Jammu and Kashmir Democratic Party Nationalist from Pattan constituency of north Kashmir's Baramula district, has declared a case of attempt to murder against him.
Zahid Hussain of Congress from Chrar-I-Sharief constituency, of Budgam district, has declared a case of robbery, while Sheikh Abdul Rashid, an Independent candidate from Tral, in south Kashmir, has one charge related to assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty under Section-354 Ranbir Penal Code.
Other candidates have charges of cheating, forgery, rioting, criminal trespass and assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging his duty among others against them.
Campaigning for the constituencies of Uri, Rafiabad, Sopore, Sangrama, Baramulla, Gulmarg and Pattan in Baramulla district, Chadoora, Budgam, Beerwah, Khansahib and Chrar-i-Sharief in Budgam district and Tral, Pampore, Pulwama, and Rajpora in Pulwama district will end on December 7.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Gurgaon rape case: Police issue notice to Uber to join probe  say accused background not checked35
0
New Delhi: The Delhi Police on Sunday issued a notice to international cab-booking service Uber to join the investigation into the alleged rape of a 25-year-old woman under section 161 of CrPC. The woman, who works with an MNC in Gurgaon, was allegedly raped by a cab driver on Friday night.
In her police complaint, the woman said that she left for a dinner from her Gurgaon office at 7 PM. On her way back home, she hired an Uber cab and doused off during the journey. The accused reportedly took her to an isolated place and sexually assaulted her. The accused allegedly threatened the woman against reporting the incident.
Sources have revealed that there was no commercial badge for driver and no background check or verification was done even though he was working with the company for six months.
After committing the crime, the accused switched off his phone and the company did not get in touch either with the driver or the woman, sources said.
#uber #gurgaon #delhi police #rape
The probe has revealed that the car was owned by the accused, said sources.
After committing the crime, the accused switched off his phone and the company did not get in touch either with the driver or the woman, they said.
The police had reached Uber's Gurgaon office at 8 am on Saturday but they were not provided any information till 11 am. The company officials said that the server was in New York and even the GPS co-ordinate was provided by head quarters in the US, they said. In its latest statement, Uber said, "Our team immediately provided the local authorities with all relevant details. Uber exclusively partners with registered for-hire drivers who have undergone the commercial licensing process, hold government issued IDs, state-issued permits, and carry full commercial insurance. Uber also has a GPS trace and record of all trips that occur on the platform - information that has been shared with the authorities. We will continue to cooperate fully with law enforcement officials"
According to the sources, the police questioned a close associate of the Uber taxi driver in Mathura.
SSP Mathura Manjhil Saini said, "The accused is from Mathura. That is why Delhi Police has come here and they are trying to trace the accused. The car in which the incident took place belongs to the accused. We have recovered the car and have handed it over to Delhi Police as per law."
An FIR has been registered in the case at the Sarai Rohilla police station in North Delhi.
14

Telecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel  VodafoneTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
Inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission is likely to take a call on Monday on allowing extended use of spectrum by Airtel and Vodafone to avoid disruption in their services in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata, besides deciding on base price for the next round of auction.
“In view of public interest and absence of alternate possibility, the DoT will propose Telecom Commission to extend use of spectrum by Airtel and Vodafone in Delhi till January 14 and till December 15 in Mumbai and Kolkata,” an official source said.
Old permit of Vodafone in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata expired on November 29 as well as its right to use spectrum allocated under it. Airtel’s permit in Delhi and Kolkata also expired on the same day.
However, both the companies acquired spectrum afresh in February this year but sought time to adjust their mobile network as per the new frequency spots won by them.
In Delhi, Idea Cellular bagged 5 Megahertz of airwaves in premium 900 Mhz band, in which mobile signal covers double area compared to coverage in other spectrum band used for GSM services. The 5 Mhz spectrum won by Idea includes 3 Mhz of spectrum that was being used by Vodafone and 2 Mhz was with Airtel.
Idea has agreed to allow Airtel and Vodafone to use its spectrum till January 14, subject to regulatory approval.
Airtel has over 1 crore mobile subscribers in Delhi while Vodafone has over 93 lakh customers.
The Telecom Commission is likely to take call on reserve price for auction of spectrum in 800 Mhz (CDMA), 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz (GSM) band.
A DoT panel has proposed up to 17 per cent increase in price of CDMA spectrum compared to the base price recommended by sector regulator TRAI at Rs 3,646 crore per megahertz.
The panel has also suggested to increase price of 900 Mhz band spectrum in some circles by up to 20 per cent.
The Cabinet is likely to take a final call on reserve pricing for spectrum auction, planned to be held in February.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Six Guantanamo prisoners sent to Uruguay forresettlementBy: Reuters | Washington |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:36 pm
Six men held for more than a decade at the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, were sent to Uruguay for resettlement on Sunday, the Pentagon said, the latest step in a slow-moving effort by the Obama administration to close the facility.
The release of the four Syrians, a Tunisian and a Palestinian, who were flown to South America aboard a U.S. military plane, represented the largest single group to leave the internationally condemned U.S. detention camp since 2009.
President Barack Obama took office nearly six years ago promising to shut the prison, citing its damage to America’s image around the world. But he has been unable to do so, partly because of obstacles posed by the U.S. Congress.

States must have greater role in new plan body: ModiNew Delhi, December 7, 2014
Updated: December 8, 2014 01:34 IST
Most CMs favour restructuring of Planning Commission
Puja Mehra
Tweet
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacts with Chief Ministers and Governors at a retreat at his Race Course Road residence in New Delhi on Sunday, after a meeting on Planning Commission revamp.
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley during a meeting on Planning Commission revamp, in New Delhi on Sunday.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
NDA-ruled States, T.N., Telangana want plan panel disbanded; Congress-ruled States feel the body can “evolve”
There was no consensus among Chief Ministers at a meeting specially convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the nature of the body that should replace the Planning Commission.
At Sunday’s meeting, Congress Chief Ministers questioned the Government’s approval to scrap the Planning Commission, which was announced by the Prime Minister on August 15. Instead, they demanded that the Centre reinvent the plan panel rather than scrapping it and replacing it with a new body.
At the consultation meeting, the Centre and States also couldn’t reach any agreement on whether India should retain or scrap five-year plans and the annual State plans. Briefing reporters after the meeting Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the Centre would hold further consultations to decide on the alternative mechanism to transfer funds from the Centre to the States for Central Plan Assistance.
He said that at the meeting, there was broad consensus on three points: federalism must be strengthened, States must get more powers and they must have greater flexibility to implement schemes and programmes. “All States agreed that the principle of one-size-fits-all as far as the design and format of schemes and programmes go does not work,” Mr. Jaitley said. He also said that all States were in favour of cooperative federalism.
Sunday’s consultations follow a decision of the Cabinet on August 13, to repeal the March 15, 1950 Resolution by which the Planning Commission was set up. Mr. Modi said “Team India” was a combination of three teams — the Prime Minister and Chief Ministers; the Union Council of Ministers; and the bureaucracy in the Centre and States.
Mr. Modi invoked the spirit of cooperative federalism and called for abandoning the incremental approach. He said process of policy planning has to change from “top to bottom” to “bottom to top.”
In his opening remarks, the Prime Minister stressed on the need for a suitable body to replace the Commission and said the role, relevance and restructuring of the plan panel had been repeatedly questioned for more than two decades.
“Can we develop a new mechanism that plans according to India’s strengths, empowers States, and brings on board all economic activity, including that which happens outside the Government,” the Prime Minister asked, according to an official release.
Further, the Prime Minister said that when he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat, he had attended meetings of the Commission, and had felt the need for a better platform to articulate the views of States.
The meeting could not reach a consensus on the nature of the body to replace the Planning Commission.

Majority favour new structure for Plan panel: JaitleyMajority favour new structure for Plan panel: Jaitley
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
The Centre will take a considered view on replacement of Planning Commission after consultations are over, the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, said today.
A very large majority is in favour of a changed structure of the Planning Commission, the Finance Minister said.
Today's Poll
Has the Planning Commission become an outdated idea?
Yes

Uber cab rape case: Police carry out raids in UP  no background check on driverComments
The Uber cab driver accused of raping a 25-year-old financial analyst in Delhi was arrested from his home town Mathura on Sunday, as the US online taxi-booking service faced several questions over lack of security checks.
Activists from All India Students Association (AISA) shout slogans against Delhi Police, protesting the rape of a woman by a cab driver, in New Delhi on Sunday. (Sonu Mehta/ HT photo)
Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, was nabbed by a joint team of the Delhi and Mathura police from the temple town in Uttar Pradesh where his car was found abandoned a day earlier.
He would be produced before a court in the Capital on Monday, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (north), said.
Yadav allegedly assaulted a 25-year-old woman MNC employee in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla late Friday night. The woman hailed a ride with him via Uber, which has launched an aggressive international expansion.
The alleged rape, reported days before the second anniversary of the brutal gangrape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in a moving bus in the Capital in December 2012, could have Uber facing legal action.
The San Francisco-based firm failed to run a background check on Yadav, also the car owner, and the vehicle was without a satellite tracking device, the police said. The address he gave to Uber was fake.
Police served a notice on the firm, asking it to join the investigation. “Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we’ll go for legal recourse,” Verma said. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case, he added.
The cab service initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
This made it difficult for the police initially. The breakthrough came after around 12 police teams carried out raids in different parts of UP, especially around Mathura, 160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi where the crime took place.
Laxmi Singh, deputy inspector general for Agra Range, said, "Police in Mathura, in coordination with the Delhi Police, were looking for the accused, who was finally arrested on Sunday evening from Meera Mohan Colony under Highway police station."
The driver had locked himself in a house to dodge the police teams chasing him, Deepak Mishra, special commissioner of Delhi Police (law and order), said.
The arrest came barely 30 minutes after the Delhi Police announced a reward of Rs. 1 lakh for information leading to Yadav.
Uber faces the heat
Uber has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the US.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokesperson.
But, it took the Delhi Police almost eight hours to trace Uber’s office in Gurgaon though the victim had provided them a picture of the car’s number plate she clicked on her phone.
Investigators found the Uber office locked, police said. The supervisor, they said, had little information about Yadav.
“The iPhone that was provided to him by Uber to track his location was switched off,” a senior investigating officer said. The SIM card of the phone was registered in the name of another driver, Gaurav, who told them that Yadav was a native of Mathura, the officer said.
Crime capital
The rape victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, told police she boarded the Uber cab at 9.30pm from south Delhi's Vasant Vihar, where she had gone for a party with friends.
She was raped at an isolated place between Sarai Rohilla and Inderlok, police said, adding the cabbie threatened to kill and sexually assault her with a rod if she resisted him. He dropped her home after the attack.
The cabbie even gave her a missed call from his mobile phone, police added.
According to her complaint, the woman had gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7pm. One of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat only to wake up and find that the car had stopped at a secluded spot.
The car doors were locked. When she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed and sexually assaulted her, police said.
"The woman clicked a photograph of the car's number plate and then made a PCR call to report the incident," police added.
The incident comes at a time when the Capital is under a high-security alert following threats of a sensational terror attack by Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Vehicle checks have been stepped up across the city and anti-sabotage barricades put in place ahead of US President Barack Obama's Republic Day visit to India.
Protests erupt
Dozens of students scuffled with officers on Sunday as they tried to enter police headquarters in New Delhi to protest the rising incidents of rape in the Capital.
"I am here to protest the irregularities and failure of the state machinery, which refuses to acknowledge that rapes happen due to their failure," said Urvashi Joshi, one of the demonstrators.
The protesters, from the All India Students Association, dispersed after an hour-long demonstration.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said the guilty should be booked immediately.
 
"The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future.
 
"This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government," Lalani said.
(With agency inputs)

PM Modi meets CMs  discusses plan panel revampPM Modi meets CMs, discusses plan panel revamp
Agencies  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 12:55 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 16:39 IST(7/12/2014)
Comments
Chief ministers of Uttar Pradesh and Tamil Nadu asked for more say for states in policy formulation at the meeting for the revamp of the Planning Commission chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday.
UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said the new entity should be a transparent and impartial mechansim which would focus on the basic elements of socialism.
Tamil Nadu chief minister O Panneerelvam welcomed PM Modi's proposal to bring states to the centre of the development process.
The states were particularly 'at the mercy' of the Central departments, and were not treated as equal partners in governance and development process, "but as mere local supplicants," Panneerselvam said.
The Prime Minister in his Independence Day speech had  had announced that the Commission, set up in 1950 at a time when government gave public sector the commanding heights of economy, would be abolished and replaced with a more relevant institution.
Congress-ruled Arunachal Pradesh however  opposed the move to do away with the Planning Commission, saying it is a "national spirit" that must be continued.
Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Nabam Tuki described the plan panel as a single window for small states to air grievances on issues like regional aspirations and centre-state disputes
Jammu and Kashmir CM Omar Abdullah and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee skipped the meeting. State finance minister Amit Mitra is representing West Bengal.
Earlier during the day, the Planning Commission suggested that its replacement body should be structured to meet the need of changing economic paradigm and comprise sectoral experts and states' representative.
In her presentation before the group comprising Modi and chief ministers, Planning Secretary Sindhushree Khullar said that the new institution may have 8-10 regulars or executive members with half of them representing the states.
Khullar in her presentation suggested that the new institution would have functions including monitoring and evaluation; programme project and scheme evaluation; cross-sectoral and inter-ministerial expertise and appraisal and monitoring of projects.
It is has been suggested that the new body would advise the Prime Minister on matters referred to it. Besides, it should act as think-tank and have network with universities and other institutions.
The new body could provide internal consultancy services to states and the Centre on different matters. It could also be used to design medium and long-term strategy.
"We will very soon set up a new institution in place of Planning Commission...the internal situation of the country has changed, global environment has changed... We need an institution of creative thinking and for optimum utilisation of youth capability," Modi had said.
The Commission had held meetings with experts to discuss the structure of the new institution that would ultimately replace it.
(With inputs from PTI)

Modi to overhaul Planning Commission  wants  Team India  with Centre  states and bureaucracyDec 07, 2014 at  05:53pm IST
Modi to overhaul Planning Commission, wants 'Team India' with Centre, states and bureaucracy
40
1
New Delhi: The replacement of Planning Commission must incorporate the concept of "Team India", which according to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, was a combination of three teams - the PM and Chief Ministers; the Union Council of Ministers; and the bureaucracy in the Centre and states.
Seeking to strengthen cooperative federalism, the PM on Sunday emphasised on the greater role the states must play in the new body which will replace the existing Planning Commission. The process of policy planning also has to change from "top to bottom" and "bottom to top", he said, stressing that it was impossible for the nation to develop unless states develop.
Modi said this in his remarks at the meeting with Chief Ministers, convened to discuss the structure of the new body which would replace the Planning Commission.
#planning commission #narendra modi #state #centre
The meeting was attended by Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and chief ministers with the exception of West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and J&K Chief Minister Omar Abdullah.
The states should have a key role in the new body, Modi said, adding "states sometimes feel there is no platform to express their views...there should be an effective mechanism to address inter-state disputes." "Can we develop a new mechanism, that plans according to India's strengths, empowers states, and brings on board all economic activity, including that which happens outside the government," the Prime Minister asked.
Later, Modi described the meeting as "fruitful" saying that all Chief Ministers had offered significant suggestions.
Recalling the remarks of former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who was associated for a long time with the Planning Commission, he said Singh himself had noted that the body has no futuristic vision in the post-reform period.
Singh, he added, also wanted the Planning Commission to reinvent itself to remain more effective and relevant in the present situation.
383

UN to declare June 21 as World Yoga Day  says Sushma SwarajDec 07, 2014 at 04:32pm IST
UN to declare June 21 as World Yoga Day, says Sushma Swaraj
164
69
New Delhi: The United Nations will soon declare June 21 as World Yoga Day following a proposal by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said on Sunday.
"Three months ago, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had appealed to the world community that India's yoga should be celebrated as World Yoga Day. I am happy to inform you that we have received support of 170 nations and four days from today, the United Nations will declare June 21 as the World Yoga Day," Swaraj said at a function in the presence of yoga guru Ramdev.
Addressing the 'Gita Prerna Mahotsav', organised "to celebrate 5,151 years of religious book Gita" at the Red Fort Maidan, the senior BJP leader said that yoga is not merely an exercise, but a road to prosperity and good health.
"I am happy to inform you that we have received support of 170 nations and four days from today, the United Nations will declare June 21 as the World Yoga Day," Sushma Swaraj said.
#world yoga day #yoga #sushma swaraj #un
During his visit to the United Nations in September this year, Modi had urged the world community to celebrate Indian yoga at the international level and that June 21 be declared as the World Yoga Day. Last month, European Union president Herman Van Rompuy also told PM Modi that the 28-member EU supported his idea for a Yoga Day at the UN.
Interestingly, in the cabinet reshuffle last month, he also named a minister for Ayush, dealing with Yoga and traditional medicine.
27

J&K: Massive fire breaks out in Srinagar  no casualties so farmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Germany s Merkel presses France  Italy on economy... 
December 7, 2014 06:03 AM EST | Associated Press
BERLIN (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel is adding to the pressure for eurozone heavyweights France and Italy to do more to get their finances and economies in order.
The European Union's executive commission last month opted against sanctioning the two countries right now for missing public finance targets, giving them until the spring to come up with better plans to cut their debts and deficits.
Merkel — a leading advocate of budget discipline and structural reforms whose country has Europe's biggest economy — was quoted as telling Sunday's Welt am Sonntag newspaper that the decision is "justifiable" because France and Italy are in the process of reforming.
But she added: "The commission has made clear that what is on the table so far isn't yet enough. I agree with that."

Proposed Iran federal budget reduces oil reliance... 
December 7, 2014 03:41 AM EST | Associated Press
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iranian President Hasan Rouhani has presented parliament a draft budget that would reduce the government's reliance on oil revenues.
The $72 billion budget, unveiled Sunday, is about 6 percent more than the previous year's budget of $68 billion.
Oil revenues will make up just 33 percent of the proposed budget for the next Iranian calendar year that begins March 21, while it was 50 percent the previous year.
The proposed budget predicts an exchange rate of $1 U.S. dollar to 28,500 Iranian rials. The rial is currently 33,000 to $1.
The budget comes as sanctions over the country's nuclear program have eased amid negotiations with world powers. Negotiators hope for a final nuclear deal by July.
Iran also separately budgets some $182 billion for hundreds of government banks and companies.

NKorea denies Sony hack  calls it  righteous deed ...and
versions
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea released a statement Sunday that clearly relished a cyberattack on Sony Pictures, which is producing an upcoming film that depicts an assassination plot against Pyongyang's supreme leader.
While denying responsibility for an attack last week that disrupted Sony's computer system and spewed confidential information onto the Internet, an unidentified spokesman for the North's powerful National Defense Commission acknowledged that it "might be a righteous deed of the supporters and sympathizers" of the North's call for the world to turn out in a "just struggle" against U.S. imperialism.
"We do not know where in America the Sony Pictures is situated and for what wrongdoings it became the target of the attack, nor (do) we feel the need to know about it," the statement carried in state media said. "But what we clearly know is that the Sony Pictures is the very one which was going to produce a film abetting a terrorist act while hurting the dignity of the supreme leadership of" North Korea.
North Korea has built a cult of personality around the Kim family, which has ruled for three generations, and sees any outside criticism or mockery of its leader as an attack on its sovereignty. It recently opened fire on anti-Pyongyang propaganda balloons that North Korean defectors in the South were floating across the border into the North.
The Sony movie in question, "The Interview," is a comedy starring Seth Rogen and James Franco, and its plot concerns an attempt on the life of leader Kim Jong Un.
Pyongyang is not amused.
The statement said the North's enemies, the United States and South Korea, had "groundlessly linked the hacking attack with" Pyongyang, but the denial also included a threat.
The United States should know that "there are a great number of supporters and sympathizers with (North Korea) all over the world as well as the 'champions of peace' who attacked the Sony Pictures," the statement said. "The righteous reaction will get stronger to smash the evil doings."
Some cybersecurity experts say they've found striking similarities between the code used in the hack of Sony Pictures Entertainment and attacks blamed on North Korea that targeted South Korean companies and government agencies last year.
Experts are divided, however, over the likelihood that North Korea or independent hackers were involved.

BIS raises "hot money" concerns about emerging market company debtBIS raises "hot money" concerns about emerging market company debt
Centre financially burdening states: CM AkhileshYadavBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:49 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 6:41 pm
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav today hit out at the Centre for financially “burdening” states by executing schemes which come under the State List, saying such programmes were putting the resources of the state governments under undue pressure.
He also said the practice of ‘one size fits all’ should be discarded by the new body which takes over the role of thePlanning Commission as without a flexible policy, the states with differing needs cannot develop.
Yadav said the contribution made by the Planning Commission in “challenging” times cannot be ignored. “We have to incorporate changes based on experience gained over a period of time,” he said, referring to the revamp of the plan panel.
Addressing a meet of Chief Ministers convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on replacing the Planning Commission, he said that it would have been “more beneficial” had the issue of the plan panel discussed with the states and their opinions, views were taken into account before the PM interacted with the CMs.
He said that the states were being “financially burdened” as the Centre was executing schemes which come under the State List in the Constitution. “These programmes,” the Chief Minister rued, “are exerting undue pressure on the finances of the states and in some cases states find themselves helpless.”
Yadav stressed the need of allowing “full freedom” to the states for executing projects as per their requirements.
There should be threadbare consultations with the state governments at political and official levels before the five- year plans are given final shape, he said.
The Chief Minister also said that the issues of the states should be addressed by the Planning Commission or the new body within specified timelines, noting that the role played by the plan panel as an innovation and knowledge hub could be the focal point for the states.
Underlining the need of providing resources for study and research to obliterate problems faced in development of the states, Yadav suggested that the representation of the states should be enhanced on the one hand, while on the other the Centre should also make efforts to provide knowledge, research and financial aiding to achieve the targets of the ready road map and meeting of the development indices.
He sought that 50 per cent of the central plan outlay budget be provided to the states as a one-time amount so that the states could implement their projects by keeping in mind local needs and priorities.
The efficacy of the fund utilisation should be done by keeping long-term targets in mind, he said.
Yadav said the documents presented by the states at the meeting of the National Development Council should not be put in the archives as they carry the “pains” of the Chief Ministers.

Youth shot at allegedly UP minister s sonYouth shot at allegedly UP minister s son
Martyr Sankalp Shukla receives Guard of Honour  Body cremated in RanchiMartyr Sankalp Shukla receives Guard of Honour  Body cremated in Ranchi
Investment managementNSE FinWiz visits Manipal Hospitals in Bengaluru
Dec 16, 2014 at 21:18 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch Deepak Chhabria, CEO and Director at Axiom Financial Services and Feroze Azeez, Director, Investment Products-Private Wealth Management at Anand Rathi Financial Services give investment tips to the employees of Manipal Hospitals, Bengaluru on NSE FinWiz.
Check out: What to buy in plunging market
Dec 16, 2014 at 16:03 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch the interview of Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory, LKP Securities who shared his readings and outlook on specific stocks and sector & Feroze Azeez, Director-Investment Products (Private Wealth Management) at Anand Rathi Financial Services Ltd answered few personal finance queries.
Will stay invested in India despite fall: Soc Generale
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:53 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Benoit Anne, managing director, Head of EM Strategy, Societe Generale says the market is trading in extremely tough global backdrop.
3 steps to control risk in your investment portfolio
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:18 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Before making any investment, it is common for us to explore the benefits it offers. However, it is all the more important to be aware of the risks involved in the investment
Need urgent policy action to boost growth: Kotak Mah Bank
Dec 15, 2014 at 10:46 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nitin Jain, principle investment manager, Kotak Mahindra Bank says he will buy paint stocks given the fall in oil prices as well as consumer durables.
Stocks in news: ONGC, SBI, JSPL, Sintex, BPCL, Reliance Cap
Dec 11, 2014 at 08:25 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Jindal Steel and Power | ONGC | IL&FS Investment Managers | SBI | Punjab National Bank | Bank of Baroda | Sintex Industries | BPCL | HPCL | IOC | IDFC | Axis Bank | Reliance Capital | Max India | MTNL | SpiceJet and DLF are stocks, which are in the news today.
Lifeline Drugs & Pharma: Outcome of board meeting
Dec 10, 2014 at 21:20 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lifeline Drugs & Pharma at its meeting held on December 10, 2014, has considered and approved the application for Import- Export License.  Resignation of Mr. Alok Kumar Behera from the post of Managing Director with immediate effect.
NSE FinWiz goes to Taj Palace
Dec 10, 2014 at 18:50 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch Harshvardhan Roongta of Roongta Securities and Gajendra Kothari of Etica Wealth Management give investment tips to the employees of Taj Palace, New Delhi on NSE FinWiz.
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Bajaj Finance top picks: Sachin Shah
Dec 10, 2014 at 13:29 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sachin Shah, Fund Manager at Emkay Investment Managers is of the view that ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Bajaj Finance are the top picks.
Dynamic Portfolio Management's director Ashok Bothra resigns
Dec 10, 2014 at 13:25 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dynamic Portfolio Management & Services Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Ashok Bothra, an Independent Director, has been resigned from the Board w.e.f. December 04, 2014 due to his personal reasons.
NSE FinWiz visits Manipal Hospitals in Bengaluru
Dec 16, 2014 at 21:18 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch Deepak Chhabria, CEO and Director at Axiom Financial Services and Feroze Azeez, Director, Investment Products-Private Wealth Management at Anand Rathi Financial Services give investment tips to the employees of Manipal Hospitals, Bengaluru on NSE FinWiz.
3 steps to control risk in your investment portfolio
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:18 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Before making any investment, it is common for us to explore the benefits it offers. However, it is all the more important to be aware of the risks involved in the investment
Check out: What to buy in plunging market
Dec 16, 2014 at 16:03 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch the interview of Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory, LKP Securities who shared his readings and outlook on specific stocks and sector & Feroze Azeez, Director-Investment Products (Private Wealth Management) at Anand Rathi Financial Services Ltd answered few personal finance queries.
Will stay invested in India despite fall: Soc Generale
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:53 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Benoit Anne, managing director, Head of EM Strategy, Societe Generale says the market is trading in extremely tough global backdrop.
Need urgent policy action to boost growth: Kotak Mah Bank
Dec 15, 2014 at 10:46 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nitin Jain, principle investment manager, Kotak Mahindra Bank says he will buy paint stocks given the fall in oil prices as well as consumer durables.
Stocks in news: ONGC, SBI, JSPL, Sintex, BPCL, Reliance Cap
Dec 11, 2014 at 08:25 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Jindal Steel and Power | ONGC | IL&FS Investment Managers | SBI | Punjab National Bank | Bank of Baroda | Sintex Industries | BPCL | HPCL | IOC | IDFC | Axis Bank | Reliance Capital | Max India | MTNL | SpiceJet and DLF are stocks, which are in the news today.
Tata Motors good bet, says Sachin Shah
Dec 10, 2014 at 12:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sachin Shah, Fund Manager at Emkay Investment Managers is of the view that Tata Motors is a good bet.
Lifeline Drugs & Pharma: Outcome of board meeting
Dec 10, 2014 at 21:20 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lifeline Drugs & Pharma at its meeting held on December 10, 2014, has considered and approved the application for Import- Export License.  Resignation of Mr. Alok Kumar Behera from the post of Managing Director with immediate effect.
Dynamic Portfolio Management's director Ashok Bothra resigns
Dec 10, 2014 at 13:25 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dynamic Portfolio Management & Services Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Ashok Bothra, an Independent Director, has been resigned from the Board w.e.f. December 04, 2014 due to his personal reasons.
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Bajaj Finance top picks: Sachin Shah
Dec 10, 2014 at 13:29 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sachin Shah, Fund Manager at Emkay Investment Managers is of the view that ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Bajaj Finance are the top picks.
Videos »

AirAsia announces Fly-Thru servicesTweet
Hyderabad, Dec 4:  
AirAsia Berhad has announced its Fly-Thru service for international flights from Hyderabad to Kuala Lumpur, making multiple-city flights a seamless travel experience for its guests.
The AirAsia Fly-Thru service sidesteps the hassle of numerous check-ins, transit visas or multiple baggage transfers, enabling guests to check-in from their original destination and transfer to their final destination via Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia without having to undergo another check-in procedure.
Guests will only have to collect their baggage at the final destination, as it will be automatically transferred to the onward connecting flight.
AirAsia Group Chief Commercial Officer, Siegtraund Teh said, in a statement, said “The AirAsia Fly-Thru service provides guests with utmost convenience to our guests, and making connecting flights much easier and efficient. AirAsia aims to add more Fly-Thru services from more originating airports.”
With Hyderabad as the originating point, guests could conveniently connect to other cities with AirAsia via Kuala Lampur with the Fly-Thru service.
In the event of delays caused by the airline resulting in the missing of consecutive flights, AirAsia will automatically accommodate affected Fly-Thru passengers on the next available flight without any additional charges. AirAsia Fly-Thru hubs are at Kuala Lumpur, Bangkok, Bali and Jakarta.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

3 ideas on design thinking from IA Collaborative co-founder1
Brandenburg said she co-founded IA Collaborative on the premise that design, research and strategy must work together. Her 54 employees cross disciplines to create solutions for a diverse portfolio of clients including Nike, AbbVie and Gatorade. They design everything from products to strategies to new organizational structures.
Brandenburg emphasized the importance of living with the problem as a way to create solutions. Her team traveled more than 100,000 miles on a project for United Airlines. In another case, an employee taped himself showering with bath safety products for a Medline assignment. Design flaws and opportunities surface through mimicking the user’s experience, she said. 
Brandbenburg spoke to Blue Sky about the philosophies that drive her design-based practice.
Abandon fear
As a judge for the Kellogg Business Design Challenge, Brandenburg she said she advises student competitors to be fearless as they attempt to solve problems for sponsors such as Hyatt and 3M.
“When you’re learning, you only know a certain amount of information; you only learn the skill set being taught to you at that time,” Brandenburg said. “Going out into the field and observing people, you’re a complete stranger in a new environment, and you have to be a bit fearless.”
Seek patterns
Sometimes, patterns in user behavior are more telling than feedback. For example, her team observed that soccer players would store plastic sandwich bags filled with Gatorade in their shorts for quick access. Brandenburg said IA came up with a pouch concept that later went into production.
“We synthesize patterns and behavior along with business viability and technological capability,” Brandenburg said. That can lead to new products, strategies and even guiding visions for clients.
Discover workarounds
When people take issue with how systems or products work, Brandenburg said, they often design shortcuts or “workarounds” of their own. Brandenburg said those who devise new solutions often are more successful at overcoming the challenge at hand. For example, IA is working with pharmaceutical company AbbVie to design a way for patients to take their medications more regularly. Part of the research may include looking at the ways people change setups in their homes to improve access to medications.
Designers love homemade workarounds "because they’re these things that people make for themselves that are so needed that they had to make it,” Brandenburg said.

The taste of successUpdated: December 5, 2014 21:00 IST
The taste of success
A still from the film
Special Arrangement
A still from the film
TOPICS
Tamil cinema
It was a much-anticipated film — for its subject and the strong technical team — and it didn’t disappoint. Kaaviya Thalaivan (KT), starring Siddharth and Prithviraj in lead roles, has chronicled the life and times of theatre artists of the past and struck a chord with audiences. The team tells Melange why it worked…
Vedhika, Actress
From the very beginning, I knew that Vadivambal, the character I play in the film, was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for me. It was a tough, intense role — very different from the routine apply-make-up-and-smile heroines in films — and I was up for it. I knew that as intense as she was, Vadivambal was also colourful.
The wonderful introduction scene that was given to me in this movie worked big-time with audiences. When I watched the movie in Chennai, audiences were actually clapping for that sequence…and that was overwhelming for me. KT happened because of the entire team’s burning desire to give quality output and that gives me encouragement to take on more challenging roles.
Vasanthabalan, Director
I’m going through a happy week now, reading the reviews and gauging the response to the film. Thanks to the entire star-cast and crew, we were able to bring out the perfect film — the project we had envisioned.
But it was not an easy task. I’d decided to make a film on theatre artists of the pas, with a complicated story on top of that…there was an ego clash, a love triangle. It was quite a challenge to weave comedy into that.
When A.R. Rahman sent me an email, saying ‘Kittappa is ready’, acknowledging that he was interested in this project, I was delighted. We worked in several sittings on tunes and songs as this was a musical, and the output shows.
S. Sashikanth, producer
The acceptance of KT as a product has been overwhelming. It has become a landmark film and will be a reference point for future movies.
As producers, Varun Manian and I were looking at a qualitative leap and KT was exactly that. It took us a long time — about two and a half years — and we’re glad with the response we’re getting. Being a period drama, we wished to transport audiences to a different place and time. For that, we had to travel to 250 locations and work on elaborate production designs.

Rationing rossogollasUpdated: December 6, 2014 12:12 IST
Rationing rossogollas
Rossogullas at KC Das. Photo: R. Ravindran
TOPICS
food and dining (general)
Shonali Muthalaly samples the famed sweet from KC Das
My colleagues shoo me out of the office. “Drive fast,” they yell. “Everyone’s saying the rossogollas sell out quickly.” I roll my eyes and snort defiantly (but only once I’m safely out of earshot). So KC Das has opened. Big deal. I’m a Calcutta girl. Ask any Bengali if KC Das defines the city’s confectionery, and expect the same reaction. Eye roll. Snort. Because in Bengal, home to thousands of feisty little indigenous sweetshops, everyone is loyal to their neighbourhood rossogolla maker. And, incredibly, almost all these places produce equally good rossogullas: soft, spongy and addictive.
Nevertheless, I admit that when it comes to brand names, KC Das tops the list for this sweet. And not just because Nobin Chandra Das, the father of KC Das, is said to have invented it. Of course, like everything else in Calcutta, this is open to debate. Some people say that it originated in Puri and was brought to the state by Oriya cooks. KC Das history says Nobin Chandra Das, born in 1845 to a family of sugar merchants, first came up with the idea of boiling springy balls of cottage cheese in sugar syrup. Undisputedly, the family is an inextricable part of this country’s dessert history, since they’re also the original source for both canned rossogollas, as well as the invention of the addictively smooth, milky rossomalai.
In a country that bristles with excellent milk sweets, why does the rossogolla stand out? Well, when it’s made right, it’s a delightful any-time-of-the-day treat. Living in Calcutta, I’ve breakfasted on them at my math tuition teacher’s house (which is why algebra will always make me hungry). I’ve popped them in my mouth as a quick midnight snack — because everyone always keeps a mud pot of them in the fridge. And at a friend’s wedding in Midnapore, I was the toast of the town when I ate 14 for lunch — she says her grand-uncles still talk of me with reverence. In my defence, the rossogollas served that day were fresh, warm and light. And small. Honest.
Unless you’ve tasted an authentic version, you won’t identify with a word I’m saying. Because the country is flooded with pretenders: heavy, overly rich versions soaked in cloying syrup. KC Das, however, gets it right consistently, even in production facilities that are far away from home. This is why they are so popular in the South: according to their website, they have just 4 outlets in Calcutta, but 19 in Bangalore.
There is a down side to this: Queues. I reach their newly opened Egmore outlet at 4 p.m., only to find it devoid of rossogollas. The marauding masses have also wiped out the sandesh, mishti doi and samosas, much to my annoyance. All that’s left are four dismal milk pedas sitting beside a lonely gulab jamun. And one tray at the bottom of which are a few rossomalais, which I quickly snap up. Soft and juicy, they flood my mouth with cool saffron milk.
The next day, tipped off by staff, I return at 11 a.m., when the shop opens. In an attempt to keep me motivated, my colleagues send a steady stream of messages on our WhatsApp group, all of which can be summarised as “Bring rossogullas or... (ominous string of emoticons.)” I’m in line with six angry-looking women, all flanked by their chauffeurs. But, the shelves are empty. “Product on its way from ECR, madam,” the nervous shop boys shiver. The matrons shake their fists and sulk. I go home.
12 noon. I’m back. The product has arrived. There are even more people in the store now. And the staff looks more frightened than ever. “Why? Why? Why?” snaps one lady, adjusting her bifocals angrily. “It’s inexcusable,” tut-tuts a grey haired man. “But I called ahead…” grumbles a majestic woman encased in silk. Sighing at the drama, I weave through the crowds and blithely order 20 rossogullas. Everyone recoils with horror. What? “No hoarding allowed,” I’m firmly told. I do a double take. What? “No parcels.”
Is it worth three visits? I’m not sure. It’s just a rossogulla. (And remember this is coming from Miss Midnapore.) That said, it’s delicious: squishy and still warm, squirting thin sugar syrup from every pore. I team it with delicious singaras stuffed with little cubes of cumin-flecked potato. And end with crumbly sandesh.
Fortunately, I’m allowed to buy samosas for ‘takeaway,’ so I grab a bag and run before the powers that be change their mind, and classify it as ‘hoarding worthy.’ My colleagues are mollified but I’m not quite off the hook yet.
Hence Visit Number Four is being planned. I’m still steeling myself.
KC Das is at Anna Nagar and Egmore. Call 42630363 and 28212232 for details.

Jamie Dimon has no evidence of cancerJamie Dimon has ‘no evidence of cancer’
Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6651e82c-7c99-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jenny Oser  Marc Hooghe and Sofie MarienLatest
About
Katie Zezima covers the White House for Post Politics and The Fix. She previously worked for the New York Times in Boston and the AP in New Jersey. She was a 2011-12 Knight-Wallace Fellow at The University of Michigan.
Most Read

GOPs Cassidy wins Louisiana senate raceRepublican Cassidy trounces Landrieu in Louisiana senate race
Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ffce670-7dc0-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Three Chinese nationals arrested trying to cross Indo-Nepal border illegallyBy: Press Trust of India | Sidharth Nagar |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:53 pm
Three Chinese nationals were caught while allegedly trying to cross the Indo-Nepal border illegally, police said here on Sunday.
Two Chinese women and a man identified as Loyo Vyaanji, Jo Jiyao and Liyo Jingfung were intercepted by the Sahshtra Seema Bal on Saturday while trying to cross the Kakrahwa Border illegally, Station House Officer of Mohana Police Station here Anand Gupta said.
He said as the Chinese nationals did not have any visa SSB Inspector S S Thakur and Deputy Commandant Lalit Kumar handed them over to the Mohana Police Station.
The SHO said FIR has been filed against them and they have been sent to jail Sunday.

Narendra Modi favourite to win  Time Person of the Year  pollNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Prime Minister Narendra Modi appears favourite to win the ‘Time Person of the Year’ poll, leading the online voting with a comfortable margin ahead of Ferguson protesters as voting closed for the annual honour.
Modi was the front runner with 16.2 per cent votes, followed by Ferguson protesters who got 9.2 per cent votes at the time the polls closed midnight last night.
While Time magazine’s editors will choose the ‘Person of the Year’, the winner of the readers’ poll will be announced on December 8.
The annual honour, bestowed by the magazine since 1927, goes to the person who “most influenced the news” during the year “for better or worse.”
In a separate “Face-off” poll, Modi has been pitted against Indonesia’s new president Joko Widodo.
In this poll also, Modi has maintained a significant lead and garnered 69 per cent votes as against Widodo’s 31 per cent.
At the third position was 18-year-old student activist Joshua Wong, who has become the face of Hong Kong’s pro-democracy protests.
He had got seven per cent of the votes cast, followed by Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai with 4.9 per cent votes.
US President Barack Obama could not make it to the top 10 slots and was trailing with 2.2 per cent votes at the 11th position.
The Ferguson protesters had temporarily taken the lead from Modi last week as people around the US demonstrated against a grand jury’s decision not to indict white police officer Darren Wilson who shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in August.
But Modi, “seen by many in India and around the world as having the potential to reinvigorate the country’s economy,” soon regained the lead in the online poll.
Modi is among 50 global leaders, business chiefs and pop icons named as contenders for the honour.
The other candidates in the fray for the title are Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei, Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, ISIS chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Chinese President Xi Jinping, US Secretary of State John Kerry and former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
Among the business chiefs and artists in the fray are Amazaon CEO Jeff Bezos, Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba founder Jack Ma, GM’s first female CEO Mary Barra, Apple CEO Tim Cook and singers Beyonce, Taylor Swift, reality star Kim Kardashian and actress Jennifer Lawrence.
TAGS: Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous

Come with proof of black money: Switzerland ...Azim Premji
(Switzerland's Ambassador…)
MUMBAI: As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.
Switzerland's Ambassador to India Linus von Castelmur also said the past cannot be undone, while promising full support of his country in cases where at least some proof is provided on tax frauds.
He, however, agreed that all the money deposited in Swiss banks might not have always been 'taxed money' in the past, as Switzerland was a major destination for several decades when money would flow in from different sources.
The Ambassador said cooperation by Swiss authorities cannot take place on the basis of stolen lists of account holders and would need independent probes by Indian agencies and at least a prima facie proof of tax frauds.
"We understand and appreciate India's concerns on the matter. We need clear understanding on the issue," Castelmur told PTI in an interview here.
"I think one part of the issue is dealing with the past and Switzerland was destination for several decades where money flowed in from difference sources and that was no always a tax money," he said.
"When we look from present and future, we see that problem will be solved," said Castelmur, who was here for an award function where industrialist Azim Premji was given a Swiss honour for inspirational and socially responsible leadership.
The issue of black money suspected to be stashed abroad, including in Swiss banks, has been a matter of intense debate in India for years.
The matter has been in focus recently with the Opposition parties accusing the government of going back on its promise to bring back black money from overseas within 100 days of its coming to power.
A Supreme Court monitored Special Investigation Team is looking into ways to tackle the black money menace, while the government recently said it has reached a major breakthrough in the form of a new agreement with the Swiss authorities for cooperation on sharing of details about alleged black money holders in Swiss banks.
A global automatic information exchange is also in the works, while the issue is already being discussed at international forums like OECD and G-20 .
"We have excellent contact with Indian government. You cannot undo the past, but future is bright," Castelmur said.
While there is no official estimate of black money suspected to have been stashed by Indians in Swiss banks, there have been various unofficial figures doing the rounds, ranging from a few billions of dollars to trillions of dollars.
As per the latest official data of the Swiss National Bank, the total deposits of Indians in Swiss banks stood at over Rs 14,000 crore at the end of 2013, up by about 42 per cent in a year, but these are the officially declared funds by Indian clients of Swiss banks and might not be illicit wealth.
"In future cases of the money deposited by Indians, Germans or Americans in Swiss banks, the swiss banking and taxation authorities would inform the national tax authorities of the client country and there will be transparency," the Swiss Ambassador said.
Dealing with the past, however, is difficult, he said, while adding that whatever has happened over the last 50 years or so "cannot be undone".
"So, I think Switzerland extends full cooperation to the Indian government on the basis of bilateral agreement we have. We have double taxation avoidance agreement with India and that stipulates administrative legal assistance for tax evasion cases etc," he added.
The treaty, however, stipulates a condition that "we cannot work with so-called fishing expedition and you cannot say I would like to have all the names of Indian account holders in Switzerland. That is not possible," he added.
'Fishing Expedition' refers to a search or investigation undertaken with a hope, though not the stated purpose, of discovering some information.
"We have also decided that we cannot work with stolen data. If somebody has obtained data improperly-illegally, Switzerland cannot honour this kind of claims.
"We can only work when there is true investigation by the Indian tax authority or the Enforcement Directorate, where they have clear prima facie evidence, that there has been a tax fraud involved," the Ambassador said.
"There we extend full cooperation. But our national law does not allow us to enter into 'fishing expedition'. "We cannot enter into discussion on illegally obtained information. If they hold independent investigation, we answer to them and we fully cooperate with them. Once they hand over a list thus prepared, we can cooperate and we will really try to cooperate," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SBI to take final call on $1 bn loan to Adan...You are here: Home > Collections > Loan
SBI to take final call on $1 billion loan to Adani in 3 months
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 06.48PM IST
Tags:
Adani
(SBI has said the final decision…)
NEW DELHI: State Bank of India has said the final decision on the controversial $1 billion (Rs 6,200 crore) loan agreement with Adani Group for its Australian mining project would be taken by the executive committee of the bank in 2-3 months.
SBI had last month signed the pact with Adani Group on the sidelines of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Australia.
"The executive committee after due deliberations will decide about the disbursement to Adani," State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya told PTI.
"At present, all the aspects are being studied. Appraisal is being done. It will take about two-three months to study the project and thereafter taken to the committee for final approval," she added.
Loans of over Rs 400 crore are generally cleared by executive committee headed by the Chairperson. The other members of the executive committee include two executive directors (of the four managing directors on board) and non-executive director/directors who are present in the city where the meeting is held.
Besides, Reserve Bank nominee director Urjit R Patel (RBI Deputy Governor) is a part of the executive committee.
Adani Mining is building a 300-km rail line for its about $16 billion Carmichael coal mine project in Australia.
The development of the coal mine located at Queensland in Australia and required infrastructure including railways would cost $7.6 billion.
Queensland state's Coordinator General has approved $2 billion (2.2 billion Australian dollars) rail line project called the North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) that would link Adani's Carmichael Coal Mine with Abbot point coal terminal.
Opposition party Congress had raised concerns over SBI' $1 billion loan pact with Adani Group signed during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Australia.
"What was the propriety of the SBI giving the loan to Adani, who was sitting next to Prime Minister during the visit, at a time when some five foreign banks have denied credit to the group for the project?", Congress General Secretary Ajay Maken had said.
Bhattacharya had clarified the bank had just signed a memorandum of understanding.
"This is not a loan sanction that we have given. It will go through proper due diligence both on the credit side as well as on the viability side... The board will take a call and then only loan will be given," she had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

With SpiceJet wobbling  pilots flocking to o...With SpiceJet wobbling, pilots flocking to other airlines?
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 12.26PM IST
Tags:
airlines
(As many as 54 SpiceJet pilots…)
NEW DELHI: With budget carrier SpiceJet wobbling amid fund drought and the aviation regulator keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier's pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job, industry sources said.
As many as 54 SpiceJet pilots of the over 125 pilots who have quit the airline have already applied for a jobs in the two major airlines -- Jet Airways and IndiGo , the sources said.
"The exodus of pilots from SpiceJet continues in view of the prevailing uncertainty. Around 125 pilots have already quit the carrier so far and of them 54 have already applied for a job with Jet Airways and IndiGo," one of the sources said.
Of the 54 pilots, 40 have sought a job with Jet Airways, while the remaining have applied in the budget carrier IndiGo, the sources said.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run as a "going concern".
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA yesterday withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
The airline, however, in a statement yesterday, said that surrendering the unused slots to an airport operators was a routine practice and it had already paid November salaries to almost 85 per cent of the employees two days ago.
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by 15 December to clear its over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies as well as stop taking bookings beyond one month among others.
As many as 93 arrival and 93 departure slots were withdrawn by DGCA as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September.
It may be mentioned here that civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
The regulator would now on also carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles, DGCA sources had said yesterday.
With reports of slashing of its Boeing fleet by about a third and operate 24 out of its current strength of 35 planes by the middle of next year, its officials said the decision to shrink was part of the airline's restructuring process and cutting costs.
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

States must have greater role in new Plan body: PM ModiArun Jaitley
(Seeking to strengthen cooperative…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to strengthen cooperative federalism, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said that states must have a greater role in the new body which will replace the existing Planning Commission.
The process of policy planning also has to change from "top to bottom" and "bottom to top", he said, stressing that it was impossible for the nation to develop unless states develop.
Modi said this in his remarks at the meeting with Chief Ministers, convened to discuss the structure of the new body which would replace the Planning Commission.
The meeting was attended by Home Minister Rajnath Singh , Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and chief ministers with the exception of West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and J&K Chief Minister Omar Abdullah .
Modi said the replacement to the Planning Commission must incorporate the concept of "Team India", which according to him, was a combination of three teams - the Prime Minister and Chief Ministers; the Union Council of Ministers; and the bureaucracy in the Centre and states.
The states should have a key role in the new body, Modi said, adding "states sometimes feel there is no platform to express their views...there should be an effective mechanism to address inter-state disputes."
"Can we develop a new mechanism, that plans according to India's strengths, empowers states, and brings on board all economic activity, including that which happens outside the government," the Prime Minister asked, as he set the tone for the discussion.
Later, Modi described the meeting as "fruitful" saying that all Chief Ministers had offered significant suggestions.
Recalling the remarks of former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who was associated for a long time with the Planning Commission, he said Singh himself had noted that the body has no futuristic vision in the post-reform period.
Singh, he added, also wanted the Planning Commission to reinvent itself to remain more effective and relevant in the present situation.
Invoking the spirit of "cooperative federalism", the Prime Minister said the current global scenario offered a chance for India to take a big leap forward. This, he added, was possible by formulating a suitable replacement to the Commission with a view to suitably harnessing the strengths of the country.
The Prime Minister said the role, relevance and restructuring of the Planning Commission had been repeatedly questioned for more than two decades.
The first introspection was done after the launch of economic reforms in 1992 when it was felt that in the light of changing Government policy a different approach was required, he said.
Even in 2012, the Parliamentary Consultative Committee stressed the need for a serious look at the Planning Commission and the need for a new body to replace it.
The Prime Minister further said that development was now a priority for all, and the time has come to develop a new mechanism to deliver growth and development.
Modi also noted that in countries such as the USA, think tanks that function independently of the government have a major role in policy-making.
In India too, he added, there is a great deal of economic activity that happens outside the government set-up, and there is a need to design policies for them as well.
Modi further said that inputs provided by Chief Ministers would help in shaping the structure of the new body to replace the Planning Commission.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lalu arrives in Lucknow with  shagun  for daughter s weddingLalu arrives in Lucknow with  shagun  for daughter s wedding
78 companies vanish after raising funds; 17 ...You are here: Home > Collections > Gujarat
78 companies vanish after raising funds; 17 in Gujarat
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 04.47PM IST
Tags:
Companies Act
(These entities are spread…)
NEW DELHI: Seventy eight companies have gone untraceable after raising funds from investors, with Gujarat having the maximum number of 17 such entities, according to official data.
These entities are spread across Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra , Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal and Uttar Pradesh and some other states.
Companies, which fail to file documents and balance sheets after raising funds through public issues and go untraceable, are called 'vanishing companies'.
Cumulatively these 78 vanishing companies have raised a little over Rs 310 crore.
Among the 78 entities, Gujarat has the maximum at 17. Others include 10 such companies in Tamil Nadu and nine Maharashtra. West Bengal, Madhya Pradesh and Delhi each have five vanishing firms, as per data compiled by the Corporate Affairs Ministry.
FIRs have been lodged against all 78 companies and their directors to trace their whereabouts and also to take action against them under the Indian Penal Code, government informed Parliament on Friday.
Besides, prosecutions have been filed against these entities under various provisions of the Companies Act .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Planning Commission must be relooked to expand economic activity  says JaitleyPlanning Commission must be relooked to expand economic activity  says Jaitley
New planning body must incorporate concept of Team India: PMHi Guest
New planning body must incorporate concept of Team India: PM
Modi said the replacement to the Planning Commission must incorporate the concept of 'Team India', which according to him, was a combination of three teams -- the Prime Minister and Chief Ministers; the Union Council of Ministers; and the bureaucracy in the Centre and states. Seeking to strengthen cooperative federalism, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said that states must have a greater role in the new body which will replace the existing Planning Commission. The process of policy ...

The delusions of economistsThe delusions of economists
ISI attempting to turn Pakistan into ISIstan: Asma JahangirThe Hindu Rights activist Asma Jahangir
Lahore, Dec 7:  
Rights activist Asma Jahangir has criticised Pakistan’s powerful spy agency ISI for attempting to turn the country into “ISIstan” by controlling the security and democratic dispensation.
“Attempts are being made to turn Pakistan into a security state. If they succeed they should better rename it ’ISIstan’,” Jahangir said.
“I want to give a message to those (military establishment) who consider security their right that Pakistan also belongs to its people,” she said during a ceremony held by Joint Action Committee for Peoples Rights in Lahore yesterday.
The former president of Supreme Court Bar Association held the Inter-Services Intelligence responsible for people who were picked up by them but are now missing.
“We do not accept picking of people and throwing their bodies. Where are the 400 missing Pakhtuns — residents of Khyber Pakhtaunkhaw province.”
“People in Sindh and those belonging to the MQM are going missing and are being found dead. They say they are terrorists but why don’t they take them to the courts,” she said.
Jahangir said Pakistan was becoming a “pure security state” and this could be stopped only through democracy.
She claimed that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had no say in foreign policy.
“The prime minister has no say in formulating foreign policy of the country. The foreign policy is being handled in the name of security (by someone else).”
She said people in Pakistan want to give a better future to the next generation but “this was not possible under a security state.”
“We want a country which is not isolated and where democracy rules,” she said.
Jahangir said she was launching a radio station next year to send “my voice to the poor, the downtrodden, the marginalised and those who are in jails without a sin.”
She said a democratic system without protection of human rights was hollow. “Good or bad people can be democratically elected but it is always easy to fight for human rights under this system,” she said.
The rights activist said Pakistan presently has the biggest challenge of improving its democratic system.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Sony investigators say cyber attack was  unparalleled  crimeSony investigators say cyber attack was 'unparalleled' crime
Reuters
Tweet
Reuters An entrance gate to Sony Pictures Entertainment at the Sony Pictures lot is pictured in Culver City, California in this file photo. North Korea is a principal suspect in the cyber attack, yet a North Korean diplomat has denied that Pyongyang is involved.
LOS ANGELES/BOSTON, Dec 7:  
Forensics experts hired by Sony Corp to investigate the massive cyber attack at its Hollywood studio said the breach was unprecedented, well-planned and carried out by an "organised group," according to an email obtained by Reuters on Saturday.
Kevin Mandia, the top executive at FireEye Inc's Mandiant forensics unit, made the comments in an email to Michael Lynton, chief executive of Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE).
They are among the first details of the investigation to be made public, yet they do not discuss what people are most interested in knowing: The extent of the damage to the studio's network or whether investigators had any leads in determining who was behind the campaign, the most destructive cyber attack reported to date against a company on US soil.
People close to the investigation have told Reuters that North Korea is a principal suspect in the cyber attack, yet a North Korean diplomat has denied that Pyongyang is involved.
Lynton forwarded that message from Mandia to his employees on Saturday, saying that the note was "helpful in understanding the nature of what we are dealing with."
Mandia, whose forensics firm has probed some of the biggest and most sophisticated cyber attacks known to date, told Lynton in his email that "The scope of this attack differs from any we have responded to in the past, as its purpose was to both destroy property and release confidential information to the public."
He added in the email that "The bottom line is that this was an unparalleled and well planned crime, carried out by an organised group, for which neither SPE nor other companies could have been fully prepared."
FBI spokesman Joshua Campbell said the agency concurred with Mandiant's analysis that the attack was conducted using techniques that went undetected by standard antivirus software.
He said the agency was continuing to investigate the breach, but declined to discuss progress.
"The targeting of private-sector computer networks remains a significant threat, and the FBI will continue to identify, pursue, and defeat those who pose a threat in cyberspace," he said.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Plan panel meet: PM Narendra Modi pushes for Team India  says states have key role in newbodyPrime Minister Narendra Modi gives his speech during an election rally in Hazaribagh on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 1:00 pm
A majority of chief ministers on Sunday favoured Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s proposal to  replace the existing Planning Commission with another institution that would reflect a truly federal polity and a changed economic scenario, and which recognises states’ need for flexibility in spending.
Congress-ruled states, however, did not favour dismantling the 64-year old Commission, and instead suggested a revamp of the existing structure.
The issue was discussed during a four-hour meeting moderated by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, where the PM “invoked the spirit of cooperate federalism cooperative federalism” and stressed on the need for a suitable body to replace the Planning Commission.
“The process of policy planning also has to change from ‘top to bottom’ to ‘bottom to top’,” Modi is learnt to have told the chief ministers.
The PM also referred to remarks that his predecessor Manmohan Singh had made on April 30, to the effect that the Plan panel lacked a futuristic vision in the post-reform era. Singh had noted that the panel would have to reinvent itself in order to stay effective and relevant, according to an official release.
Government sources said an alternative to the Plan panel was likely to be announced within a month. It would be chaired by the Prime Minister and include some Cabinet ministers, chief ministers, as well as private sector experts. Chief ministers may be inducted by rotation, and have greater say in the allocation and use of central funds.
The new institution will, as recommended by the Planning Commission, also serve as a hub for innovation and research. In accordance with the recommendation of most state governments, it is likely to do away with the concept of planning and annual plans. An option on the table is to subsume the functions of the Planning Commission in the Inter-State Council, provided for by the Constitution.
Jaitley, who briefed the media after the meeting, said no timeline had been fixed for setting up the new body. “The central government will take a considered view after the consultation is over,” he said, and indicated that the Budget would be prepared as in the past.
“There is no disagreement on the need for change. But the transition should be managed well,” said a Congress chief minister.
In his Independence Day speech, Modi had proposed restructuring the Planning Commission to suit the current needs of the economy, and to empower the states which, at the moment, have little say in decisions on state plans.
BJP-ruled states including Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Gujarat were in favour of the move, as were Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Punjab and most Northeastern states. Bihar, Assam, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand, however, questioned the need to replace the Planning Commission.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee did not attend the meeting, but has supported an alternative to the Plan panel in a letter to the Prime Minister. The chief ministers of Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir, which are in the midst of assembly elections, did not attend.
Sources said chief ministers were given five to seven minutes to present their views, with Jaitley in charge of managing the time. Prime Minister Modi interjected only once during the meeting (apart from the introductory and concluding remarks) to clarify his position on the Plan panel. He said he appreciated the work of the Planning Commission, and emphasised that he had never called for its abolition. He pointed out to states opposing the move that former PM Manmohan Singh too had called for restructuring the Soviet-era agency.
Some states are understood to have questioned the need for dismantling the Commission in the middle of a Plan period; those in favour of the proposal, however, asked for it to be disbanded immediately.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis suggested that the Planning Commission be replaced by a National Development and Reforms Commission, as well as a grouping of similar states. Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal is understood to have pointed out that states must have more say in the new body on decisions affecting them such as minimum support price for grains. CMs of Northeastern states said they often got a raw deal because of their small populations and the inability to raise resources.
Planning Commission secretary Sindhushree Khullar made a presentation on the need and role of the proposed agency — and sought comments from states on whether the five-year Plan should be continued, the scope and method of interaction in the new forum, restructuring of fund flows for the central Plan to states, and the role of the knowledge and innovation hub for states.
Lieutenant Governors of Delhi, Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Puducherry were also present at the meeting. West Bengal and Mizoram were represented by their finance ministers.

Uttar Pradesh: Centre financially burdening states  says CM AkhileshYadavBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:49 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 6:41 pm
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav today hit out at the Centre for financially “burdening” states by executing schemes which come under the State List, saying such programmes were putting the resources of the state governments under undue pressure.
He also said the practice of ‘one size fits all’ should be discarded by the new body which takes over the role of thePlanning Commission as without a flexible policy, the states with differing needs cannot develop.
Yadav said the contribution made by the Planning Commission in “challenging” times cannot be ignored. “We have to incorporate changes based on experience gained over a period of time,” he said, referring to the revamp of the plan panel.
Addressing a meet of Chief Ministers convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on replacing the Planning Commission, he said that it would have been “more beneficial” had the issue of the plan panel discussed with the states and their opinions, views were taken into account before the PM interacted with the CMs.
He said that the states were being “financially burdened” as the Centre was executing schemes which come under the State List in the Constitution. “These programmes,” the Chief Minister rued, “are exerting undue pressure on the finances of the states and in some cases states find themselves helpless.”
Yadav stressed the need of allowing “full freedom” to the states for executing projects as per their requirements.
There should be threadbare consultations with the state governments at political and official levels before the five- year plans are given final shape, he said.
The Chief Minister also said that the issues of the states should be addressed by the Planning Commission or the new body within specified timelines, noting that the role played by the plan panel as an innovation and knowledge hub could be the focal point for the states.
Underlining the need of providing resources for study and research to obliterate problems faced in development of the states, Yadav suggested that the representation of the states should be enhanced on the one hand, while on the other the Centre should also make efforts to provide knowledge, research and financial aiding to achieve the targets of the ready road map and meeting of the development indices.
He sought that 50 per cent of the central plan outlay budget be provided to the states as a one-time amount so that the states could implement their projects by keeping in mind local needs and priorities.
The efficacy of the fund utilisation should be done by keeping long-term targets in mind, he said.
Yadav said the documents presented by the states at the meeting of the National Development Council should not be put in the archives as they carry the “pains” of the Chief Ministers.

BJP working to erode institution of reservation: MayawatiBJP working to erode institution of reservation: Mayawati
China follows India  rushes water to crisis-hit MaldivesChina follows India  rushes water to crisis-hit Maldives
Campaigning ends for 3rd phase of polling in JharkhandCampaigning ends for 3rd phase of polling in Jharkhand
Financial Inclusion Agenda22:25 pm Here's what to expect from FOMC meet ahead
- in FII View
22:21 pm Fin assets catching up: Will 2015 be the year of equities?
- in CNBC-TV18 Comments
21:29 pm '12 technologies can add up to $1 tn to eco value in India'
- in 24X7booking

Delhi police look for Uber cab driver accused of rapeNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
The cabbie, who allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman here on Friday night, has been arrested in Mathura even as questions were raised over security measures provided by Uber, the US-based cab firm which used his taxi service.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, the 32-year-old driver and a native of Mathura who was living in rented premises here, has been arrested, according to DIG (Agra Range) Lakshmi Singh.
Singh said the Uber cab in which the crime took place was owned by him and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to the Delhi police. The car was recovered from the city late last night.
As a massive search operation was on in Mathura and other parts of Uttar Pradesh to nab the accused, Delhi Police had earlier in the day announced a cash reward of Rs one lakh for his arrest.
“The vehicle has been found and is being brought to Delhi and FSL examination by forensic experts will be done here. 12 teams are carrying out the search operation and we are getting full support from local police at Mathura,” said Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat.
The police have also issued a notice to Uber, the US-based cab service provider, under section 161 CrPC to join investigation in the case.
“We have issued them a notice to join investigation. There are norms to operate such cab service set by the Transport Department and we will see whether they were followed or not,” said Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma.
The shocking incident, which took place days ahead of the second anniversary of the December 16 gangrape, brought back memories of the horrific crime as shock and anger erupted both online and offline.
According to the police, neither the driver was verified nor the cab had a GPS tracker.
The company has issued a statement, saying that it was providing all help to the police in the investigation.
“Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokeswoman.
The driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was an Smartphone App which he exited after the incident, the police said.
“The accused (Yadav) is being brought to Delhi,” said Deputy Commissioner of Delhi Police (North) Madhur Verma.
According to Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Manzil Saini, he was arrested from near a marriage hall along the Delhi-Agra highway under Mathura’s Sadar police station.
A case has been registered at Sarai Rohilla police station in Delhi under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
Yadav, who was driving the Uber cab, allegedly raped the woman around 9:30 PM on Friday when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat of the car only to wake up and find that they had stopped at a secluded spot. She found that the car doors were locked and, when she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed her and then committed rape, the police said.
The accused then dropped her off near her home in Inderlok after threatening to kill her if she spoke about it to anybody, it said.
Quoting the complaint, the police said that the woman had dined with her friends after her shift ended at 7 PM and one of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab to return home.
Uber, an international cab-booking service, has its headquarters in New York. It also could not immediately provide the call log as details were said to be stored at the company’s headquarters, the police said.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said that the guilty should be booked immediately.
“The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future,” he said.
“This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government,” Lalani said.
According to Police, Yadav originally hails from Elau police station area of Mainpuri district in Uttar Pradesh and was residing in a rented accommodation in Chandrapuri locality in Mathura.
When the police team reached at his residence, he was not present there.
In the evening, the joint team headed by ASP Ajay Pal of Uttar Pradesh Police arrested him from a house in Mathura which was about a kilometre away from his rented accommodation.
The police said identity of the owner of the house from where Yadav was arrested was yet to be ascertained.
During investigation, prime facie it has come to fore that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber, the US-based cab firm, as a number of shortcomings was found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor GPS tracking device was installed in the car, police officials said, adding Yadav was working with Uber since last six month.
Senior police officials will decide what action should be taken against the firm for the negligence, they said.
The police team along with Yadav will reach Delhi by midnight and he will be produced before a court here tomorrow.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Cab
More from miscellaneous

Basel Committee raps EU on capital rulesBasel Committee raps EU on global capital rules
Sam Fleming, Alex Barker
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cacbceb8-7ca2-11e4-b944-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Review promises shake-up of Australia banksAustralian banks urged to boost capital holdings
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/44012108-7dbf-11e4-bb0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Congress shadow committees attack Modi govt on TwitterNew Delhi, December 7, 2014
Updated: December 7, 2014 16:09 IST
Congress ‘shadow committees’ attack Modi govt on Twitter
PTI
A screen-grab of the shadow handle of the Ministry of External Affairs.
TOPICS
national politics
Using social media, Congress has launched an attack on the Narendra Modi government for the terrorist attack in Uri in Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab eye camp blinding, disinvestment, IIT faculty shortage and other issues.
Through different hashtags on Twitter, it has also attacked Modi quoting a news headline “Modi sweeping away environmental norms in a bid for growth. Growth at what cost?”
The party believes that Modi’s media campaign blitzkrieg, particularly on social media was one of the contributory factors to the unprecedented drubbing of Congress in Lok Sabha polls.
As part of its moves to be an effective opposition, Congress has taken to Twitter to expose chinks in the government’s functioning latching on to various reports in media about the ministries concerned.
Shadow Cabinet committees were formed to keep a watch on decisions and policies of key ministries of the Modi government and corner it on issues during and after the Winter Session.
Some of the news headlines re-tweeted by the INC are
"@ShadowMinOfEA: Modi sweeping away environmental norms in a bid for growth. Growth at what cost? MinistryWCD_Shadow @MinstWCDShadow: 11 new born babies die in Bilaspur hospital in five days.”
Environmental norms swept away for polluting companies by Modi government. #SwachhBharat merely a PR campaign to fool the common man?
— Shadow Min of EA (@ShadowMinOfEA) December 6, 2014
“@MoHFW_INDShadow: Behind Punjab eye camp blinding: One doctor, 49 surgeries... "
DefenceMinInShadow: 8 Armymen die in Uri attack. HRDMinistry_Shadow @HRDMinShadow: IITs face 37% faculty shortage.
“RailMinIndia_Shadow @RailMinInShadow : Another mishap at a railway crossing claims two more children’s lives in UP.
Despite being reduced to just 44 members in Lok Sabha, Congress has utilised its pool of talent in Parliament to confront the government which will be enacting new laws and amending those passed by the erstwhile Congress-led government.
Former ministers, including A.K. Antony, M. Veerappa Moily, Anand Sharma, Oscar Fernandes as also Congress leader in Lok Sabha Mallikarjun Kharge and Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad are prominent members of these committees.
The committee that looks into issues relating to finance, foreign affairs, commerce and information and broadcasting has Mr. Moily, Mr. Sharma and Jyotiraditya Scindia as members while the panel on home, defence and law and justice has Mr. Antony, Ashwani Kumar and IYC chief Rajiv Satav in it.
Digvijay Singh, Ashok Chavan and Ninong Erring are part of the group which is focusing on agriculture and drinking water and sanitation.
Mr. Kharge is on the panel on railways and labour along with Mr. Fernandes and Ranjeeta Ranjan.
The panel on health and women and child development has Azad along with J D Seelam and K Suresh.
The committee on HRD, panchayati raj and northeastern region has Mani Shankar Aiyar, Bhalchandra Mungekar and Sushmita Dev as members.
The panel comprising K V Thomas, Jairam Ramesh and Gaurav Gogoi is looking look after rural development and environment issues.
The committees are loosely based on British Parliament’s concept, where the opposition party appoints an MP to ‘shadow’ each of the members of the Council of Ministers.

Rescue mission for waterless MalAsian neighbours respond to Maldives water crisis
Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/90102418-7dd8-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ITO metro station to be opened to commuters early next yearBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Delhiites can look forward to a seamless ride to ITO, which houses several government establishments and is perennially clogged with heavy traffic, as the Delhi Metro is gearing up to throw open the ITO station early next year.
The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will do trial runs on the Mandi House-ITO stretch by the end of this month, which if successful will be followed by the official opening of the stretch.
“We are attempting to kick start the trial runs by the end of this month,” a DMRC spokesperson said.
Depending on the success of the trial run, the officials said, it can be “safely stated” that the section will be made operational early next year.
However, the exact date of the launch of operations cannot be announced at this stage.
“All the operational and safety parameters will be checked during the trial runs. The trial runs have no deadline as such. They will continue for at least one-and-a-half-months if not more,” the official said.
Following the trial runs, the Delhi Metro will have to obtain the mandatory safety clearance from the commissioner of Metro Railway Safety without which the station cannot be opened to commuters.
“Getting a safety clearance from the commissioner of Metro Railway Safety is a must. It shall come provided the trial runs are successful.
Immediately after that the line will be thrown open to the commuters,” the spokesperson added.
The Mandi House-ITO stretch is a part of the upcoming Heritage corridor from Central Secretariat to Kashmere Gate of Metro’s Phase-III project, which will have stations at the historical Red Fort, Jama Masjid, and Delhi Gate areas.
The ITO station, according to officials, is almost ready as all the civil work has been completed. A pedestrian subway through the station, connecting Delhi Police Headquarters to The Institution of Engineers (India) building, was thrown open in August.
Once operational, around 22,000 passengers are expected to use the station daily and the number is likely to rise to 31,000, according to Detailed Project Report of DMRC.
The ITO area houses prominent establishments like the Delhi Police headquarters, Delhi Secretariat, Income Tax Office, PWD headquarters and the intersection in its vicinity is a nightmare for regular commuters owing to heavy traffic.
TAGS: Delhi Metro
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Gift-a-Pension: An initiative that helps maids  drivers  cooks save for retirementCholamandalam
(India’s burgeoning middle…)
This September, A Mary, 47, got something she never thought she ever could — not a car or a home but a pension. A house help and a mother of two whose husband is a driver, Delhi-based Mary always viewed a pension as something only the affluent could afford — until her employer Kurt Strasser, a senior sector specialist at German development bank KfW, brought it within her reach.
Mary is a beneficiary of the Micro Pension Foundation's Gift-a-Pension initiative. Every month, Strasser gives her Rs 500 extra cash as part of her salary that she deposits in her pension account via one of the 2.5 lakh designated outlets. The Micro Pension Foundation has tie-ups with companies such as Eko, ItzCash and PayWorld, and when Mary deposits the money at one of these outlets, it gets credited instantly, with an SMS confirmation. "Old-age care is a challenge facing India. Gift-a-Pension is an excellent initiative to make a pension product accessible to lowincome Indians," says Strasser.
Gift-a-Pension is a first of sorts in the world, where a low-cost financial product has been created for the poor. It is also relevant in a country where over 90% of some 487 million workers are in the unorganised sector. Moreover, India has over 100 million who are over 60, and not even a tenth of them have access to a pension product.
At a time when the government is laying a thrust on financial inclusion, Gift-a-Pension demonstrates an efficient mechanism to deliver a financial product to India's poor. "It is a great initiative. No financial product today in India addresses this segment. High transaction costs for low-value products are a big deterrent. Micro Pension Foundation has done something that was difficult to do," says YSP Thorat, a former chairman of National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development and a board member of Micro Pension Foundation.
Gift-a-Pension is targeted at over 35 million domestic workers (maids, cooks, cleaners, drivers and the like) who earn enough to make ends meet but not enough to create a financial cushion for the autumns and winters of their lives. Whilst the facilitators of the scheme are employers, they don't need to worry about being weighed down by the scheme's financial and logistical burden.
The key role of the employers is at the beginning — understanding and explaining the product details and enabling online enrollment. Their co-contribution to the pension account is optional. And the product is structured such that illiterate workers can easily manage it even as they change employers and switch cities.
 
Sound Start
Launched in September, the response has been encouraging with over 1,000 employers registering so far. Over 350 have gifted a pension to their domestic help. Most of the enrollments are from Delhi / National Capital Region (91%), with Bengaluru (5%) and Mumbai (4%) bringing in the rest, says Parul Khanna, associate director, Micro Pension Foundation. Most of the beneficiaries are maids (45%), followed by drivers (27%) and cooks (13%). So far, almost half of the enrollments have been made using Aadhaar as proof of identity. Over 70% prefer monthly saving and 38% are putting away over Rs 500 monthly into their pension account. About 10% of the employers have also set up a systematic investment on their credit cards for automatic deductions. "I have enrolled my maid of eight years. I helped her enroll and paid the Rs 300 sign-up fee. Now, she takes care of it," says Mumbai-based Sonali Mehta-Rao, co-founder, MelaArtisans.com.
The Gift-a-Pension scheme has a helpline that is open from 8.30 am to 6.40 pm on all working days, with a staff of 20 in Pune and Bengaluru that can take queries in 14 regional languages. The man behind Gift-a-Pension is Gautam Bhardwaj, director of Micro Pension Foundation, for whom the scheme has been a gleam in the eye since 1990. The think-tank he founded, Invest India Economic Foundation, was the main architect of the National Pension System (NPS), which was rolled out by the government in 2004 for its workers. For the next five years, he worked with the government to open up NPS for all.
In 2010, after World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) funded pilots, Bhardwaj helped launch NPS Lite for the low-income segment. Alongside, he set up Invest India Micro Pension Services that worked with cooperatives and federations like SEWA and today has over 1 million pension accounts. He also worked with state governments like Rajasthan to help develop a co-contribution pension product where the government chips in Rs 1,000 a year. This plan was later adopted by the central government and rolled out as Swavalamban scheme — a pension scheme for the unorganised sector.

Delhi cab rape: Not  safest ride in the world   Uber s image takes big hitUber's image takes big hit, it's not 'safest ride in the world'
Pranav Dixit , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 12:44 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:17 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
On its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the "safest rides in the world" by "setting the strictest safety standards possible."
The Uber smartphone app, used to book taxis using its service, is pictured over a parking lot. (AFP photo)
But it's unclear what Uber does to ensure the safety of passengers in India. The company's website provides no country-specific information.
When contacted, Uber provided Hindustan Times with a boilerplate statement, which says that it works with "licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform."
Online cab companies drop the ball on key safety feature
It's unclear who these partners are and whether Uber does any background checks or police verification on the drivers it employs in India.
As a passenger, this is troubling. When you take an Uber, your driver knows your full name, your phone number and exactly where you live.
Unlike radio taxi services like Meru, which employ standalone GPS systems in their cars, Uber relies solely on the built-in GPS on the smartphones it provides to its drivers. This means that going off the grid is as simple as turning off the phone."
At least in the case where a woman executive in Delhi was raped allegedly by a Uber cab driver , police have confirmed that there was no mandatory verification done before hiring him.
The accused is still on the run and the police could not access his call records as the server is located in the US.
Uber, which just closed a second billion-dollar-plus round of funding this year, and is now valued at more than $40 billion, has always shrugged off responsibility by maintaining that it is not a car company but a technology company: it owns no vehicles, only software, and is thus simply a platform that brings drivers and people who want to be driven together.
Uber's controversial record in the US
In the United States, Uber has a three-step criminal background screening process with county, federal and multi-state checks that go back seven years. The company also requires users to rate every driver after a ride and provide feedback, which, it insists, is anonymous. Drivers that consistently rate low are terminated.
Despite these safeguards, there have been multiple incidents of Uber drivers sexually assaulting passengers . In 2013, an Uber driver in Washington DC was arrested for allegedly raping a 20-year-old passenger though there were no charges pressed. In April this year, an Uber driver in Chicago was charged for fondling a customer.
In the United States, Uber tacked on a $1 "Safe Rides Fee" to its UberX fare earlier this year.
On its blog, Uber says: This fee supports the increased costs associated with our continued efforts to ensure the safest platform for Uber riders and drivers. Those include Federal, state and local background checks, regular motor vehicle screenings, driver safety education, current and future development of safety features in the app, and more. In the US, the Safe Rides Fee is always $1 USD. In Canada, it is $1 CAD.

Uber shame: Outrage on Twitter over Delhi cab rape— Karan Johar (@karanjohar) December 7, 2014
The Uber incident should be a good reminder that we can't outsource public safety to private companies. Make public transport safe.
— Rohan Venkat (@RohanV) December 7, 2014
"Today it's Uber, tomorrow it'll be some other service or place. We plug gaps while rapists just move on to their next violation of trust," AIB member Rohan (@mojorojo) tweeted.
Today it's Uber, tomorrow it'll be some other service or place. We plug gaps while rapists just move on to their next violation of trust
— Rohan (@mojorojo) December 7, 2014
The reports and tweets coming out of India found resonance among cab users in other countries, especially since Uber has been involved in a few controversies in the US recently.
But some of those who responded on Twitter focussed on how Delhi and other cities in the country are still unsafe for working women.
"Crime of Rape committed by driver of Uber Cab may not b his first.Due diligence could have prevented it! Appears to be a repeat offender (sic)," tweeted Kiran Bedi.
Crime of Rape committed by driver of Uber Cab may not b his first.Due diligence could have prevented it! Appears to be a repeat offender..
— Kiran Bedi (@thekiranbedi) December 7, 2014
It is not about uber it is about the mindset of the people of our society who still believe that woman is not more than an object... #Uber
— Sera Banerjee (@sera_banerjee) December 7, 2014
Fixating on Uber distracts from the point that women are unsafe on their way to and from school, work, home, in buses, in cabs, on foot.
— Nishita Jha (@NishSwish) December 7, 2014
Recalling the December 16 Delhi gangrape, people pointed out on how Delhi has been shamed again and no lessons have been learnt.
"All of Delhi came out on streets to demand security for women 2 years back. Why haven't we made any fwd movt in two years?", Aam Aadmi Party leader Atishi Marlena tweeted.
All of Delhi came out on streets to demand security for women 2 years back. Why haven't we made any fwd movt in two years? #DelhiShamedAgain
— Atishi Marlena (@AtishiMarlena) December 7, 2014
With all security measures; Gprs monitoring; nirbhaya safeguards; awareness etc how can such dastardly rapes in cabs occur
— Abhishek Singhvi (@DrAMSinghvi) December 7, 2014
Friday's incident has put the high profile cab service provider Uber, which claims to offer the "safest rides in the world", in a spot.
In a statement to HT, Uber said that it works with "licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform."
While some pointed out lapses in policing, others said the laws are still not strict enough to deter crimes against women.
Overall, the concern most of them expressed was: How safe are our cities for women?

Gunmen free 200+ inmates in NigeriajailbreakBy: Associated Press | Warri |
Posted: December 7, 2014 5:38 pm
Police say gunmen have freed more than 200 prisoners in the latest jailbreak in Nigeria. Deputy Superintendent Ibrahim Gambari said police recaptured at least 10 escapees from the medium security prison in central Niger state by Sunday morning.
Saturday’s attack was the third jailbreak in the past two months in the West African nation.
More than 300 inmates broke out of a prison bombed by gunmen in southwest Ekiti state on December 1; 144 escaped from south-central Kogi state on November 3 when gunmen bombed a prison wall.
The two earlier jailbreaks were blamed on the Boko Haram Islamic extremist group. It is not known how many hundreds of Boko Haram suspects are held in Nigerian jails.
Prison officials say 70 percent of inmates are awaiting trial, many for years.

New system allows computers to teach by exampleNew system allows computers to teach by example
By PTI | 7 Dec, 2014, 05.43PM IST
The new system bridges these two ways of processing information, so that humans and computers can collaborate to make better decisions.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: MIT researchers have developed a new system that bridges the ways that computers and humans process information to enable better decision-making.
Computers are good at identifying patterns in huge data sets while humans are good at inferring patterns from just a few examples.
The new system bridges these two ways of processing information, so that humans and computers can collaborate to make better decisions.
The system learns to make judgments by crunching data but distills what it learns into simple examples.
In experiments, human subjects using the system were more than 20 per cent better at classification tasks than those using a similar system based on existing algorithms.
"In this work, we were looking at whether we could augment a machine-learning technique so that it supported people in performing recognition-primed decision-making," said Julie Shah, an assistant professor of aeronautics and astronautics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a co-author on the new paper.
"That's the type of decision-making people do when they make tactical decisions -- like in fire crews or field operations.
"When they're presented with a new scenario, they don't do search the way machines do. They try to match their current scenario with examples from their previous experience, and then they think, 'OK, that worked in a previous scenario,' and they adapt it to the new scenario," Shah said.
Shah and her colleagues were trying to augment a type of machine learning known as "unsupervised".
In supervised machine learning, a computer is fed a slew of training data that's been labelled by humans and tries to find correlations - say, those visual features that occur most frequently in images labelled 'car'.
In unsupervised machine learning, on the other hand, the computer simply looks for commonalities in unstructured data. The result is a set of data clusters whose members are in some way related, but it may not be obvious how.
The MIT researchers made two major modifications to the type of algorithm commonly used in unsupervised learning.
The first is that the clustering was based not only on data items' shared features, but also on their similarity to some representative example, which the researchers dubbed a 'prototype'.
The other is that rather than simply ranking shared features according to importance, the way a topic-modelling algorithm might, the new algorithm tries to winnow the list of features down to a representative set, which the researchers dubbed a 'subspace'.

Plan panel revamp is necessary  says ModiPlan panel revamp is necessary, says Modi
IANS | New Delhi Dec 07, 2014 05:02 PM IST
Expressing satisfation at the significant suggestions made by the states on the revamp of the Planning Commission, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Sunday told chief ministers here the planning panel would have to reinvent itself to remain more effective and relevant in the present context.
"Most states felt the need for an alternative structure where both the Centre, states and experts could participate, instead of a central structure," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said, briefing the reporters here after the meeting, which he too attended.
"A few - three, four - states felt if the present Planning Commission could evolve into that structure," he added.
Earlier, citing former prime minister Manmohan Singh's remarks made in April that the commission has no futuristic vision in the post-reform period, Modi said the body should be replaced by an organisation which can strengthen the federal structure and energise states.
"The prime minister said that when he was chief minister of Gujarat, his heart was with the chief ministers and he had felt the need for a better platform to articulate the view of states," Jaitley said.
According to Modi, the process of policy planning has to change from "top to bottom" to "bottom to top", the finance minister said.
"The prime minister also noted that in countries such as the US, think tanks that function independently of the government have a major role in policy-making," he added.

Enough evidence to show LeT  Pak hand in Uri attack:ArmyBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 7, 2014 5:53 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 12:32 pm
The Army on Sunday said it had enough evidence to show that the six terrorists who carried out the attack on an Army camp in Uri belonged to Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) and supported by Pakistani establishment and were highly trained for special operations.
It also said that the slain militants were looking to hit civilian targets to create fear ahead of the third of the five-phase polling in Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday.
General Officer Commanding(GoC) of Army’s 15 Corps Lt General Subrata Saha said the GPS recovered from the slain militants showed that there is a staging area north of Jhelum on the other side of Line of Contol(LoC).
“One infiltration took place in Tut Mari Gali (Nowgam Sector) and one in Uri sector. I am not revealing the exact location (of the staging area) for obvious reasons,” he told reporters.
Saha said the incidents in Nowgam sector, in which six militants and a JCO were killed, and in Uri sector on Friday were not routine infiltration attempts.
“To say it was a routine infiltration would be improper. The sequence in which the events have happened and if you see the numbers and levels of training that has gone in to preparing these people, it is not an ordinary infiltration. It is linked to the larger events that are taking place here,” he said, referring to ongoing elections and Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Srinagar tomorrow.
Eleven security personnel including eight soldiers were killed in the pre-dawn attack on the Army camp on Friday in Mohra in Uri sector by militants, who had infiltrated from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir(PoK), before all the six assailants were shot dead.
The army commander said that there was enough evidence to show that the assailants were supported by the Pakistani establishment and that the attack and other incidents before it along the LoC in Kashmir were coordinated and synchronised.
“We have enough evidence that both the groups were from the Lashkar-e-Toiba. The markings on the warlike and logistic stores whether it is food, ammunition, medicines or clothes, clearly indicates that they were of Pakistani manufactured and origin. The terrorists were heavily armed and they had enough food to last several days,” he said.
He said the incidents that took place during the month of November indicate that there was a coordinated attempt from across the LoC to disrupt the electoral process in Kashmir.
Gen Saha said the militants killed in the two operations this month including the Uri attack were highly trained and capable of carrying out special operations.
“There is no doubt that they were highly trained terrorists. The TMG infiltration took place in high altitude and snowy conditions. To infiltrate in these conditions, one requires high level of physical fitness. The second operation on Mohra, they crossed Jhelum by foot, which obviously requires high level of training. I would say these terrorists were capable of special operations,” he said.

Plan panel needed reorientation  not political burial: Congress10
0
New Delhi: Congress on Sunday said dismantling Planning Commission will be "unwarranted, shortsighted and dangerous" as it will have long term adverse effect on Centre-state relations and asserted that the plan panel needed "reorientation" and not "political burial". "The move is shortsighted and dangerous. It will also have long term adverse impact on central and state relations. Any move to rename or restructure is unwarranted in national interest and must be opposed. There may have been shortcomings of the Planning Commission but it also has inherent strains.
"What the Planning Commission needs is reorientation and not renaming or a political burial," party spokesperson Anand Sharma said in a statement as Prime Minister Narendra Modi held a meeting with chief ministers to deliberate on replacement of the Planning Commission.
He said that it is interesting that the Prime Minister called a meeting of the chief ministers to discuss the future of the Planning Commission almost four months after "unilaterally" announcing the decision to dismantle the commission. "It is ironic that the Prime Minister has claimed, that, the move is to empower the state governments and strengthen the federal structure, after having taken the arbitrary decision without convening the meeting of National Development Council nor consulting the states," said Sharma, who is the Deputy Leader of Congress in Rajya Sabha.
"What the Planning Commission needs is reorientation and not renaming or a political burial," party spokesperson Anand Sharma said.
#congress #anand sharma #planning commission #narendra modi
Alleging that this "unwarranted" action has 'undermined the federal structure" of the country, he said that the importance of the Planning Commission is to mediate between the Centre and the states for planning and funding of the plans, thereby strengthening India's federal structure.
Sharma recalled that Plannning Commission of India was established by a resolution of the Cabinet on March 15, 1950 to provide for land development and a means to raise the living standards of the people in independent India. Claiming that the plan panel has evolved over a period of time and made a notable contribution in plan development through the five-year plans until now, Sharma said, "even in a market economy, many aspects need planning since they require cooperation of multiple layers of Government as there exist cross cutting issues across different sectors."
The former Commerce Minister noted that though India has embraced market economy, it is a still a country where the fruits of development have not reached millions of people. Therefore Planning is essential. India cannot let the market forces decide the destiny of marginalised people. "The Planning Commission has adapted to the changed economic development to meet the objectives of the economic growth, infrastructure building and planned development." He also noted that the Unique Identification Authority of India of UIDAI is housed in the Planning Commission and is tasked with the important national mission of Aadhar and direct benefit of transfer to the citizens.
0

Merger of  Janata Parivar  parties a permanent alliance  says Lalu PrasadDec 07, 2014 at 05:51pm IST
Merger of 'Janata Parivar' parties a permanent alliance, says Lalu Prasad
10
0
Lucknow: The coming together of erstwhile 'Janata Parivar' is a "permanent alliance", RJD chief Lalu Prasad said on Sunday, noting that such a united front to fight BJP was being missed for long. "It is a permanent alliance. We have been missing it for long. Now it has been cemented," Lalu said.
The Rashtriya Janata Dal President was here for a pre-engagement ceremony of his daughter Raj Lakshmi with SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav's grandson and Lok Sabha member Tej Pratap Yadav.
Bihar and Uttar Pradesh are neighbouring states and it is a relationship of hearts, Lalu said on forging political unity as well as establishing family ties with Mulayam. Asked about the new political formation, the RJD chief aid 'Netaji' (Mulayam) has been authorised to take further decision. "Netaji has been authorised to take further decision. There is no ego problem now," he said.
"It is a permanent alliance. We have been missing it for long. Now it has been cemented," The RJD chief said.
#lalu yadav #rjd #janata parivar #jdu
The two Yadavs are in the forefront of consolidation of opposition forces, bringing six constituents of the erstwhile 'Janata Parivar' under the banner of one party. These parties include SP, Janata Dal (Secular), RJD, Janata Dal (United), Indian National Lok Dal and Samajwadi Janata Party.
On being asked about the date of marriage he said it would be fixed by the pundits. "It (the marriage) is fixed. Now pundits will tell the date, but it will be soon," he said. Lalu was received by senior cabinet minister and Mulayam's brother Shivpal Singh Yadav at the airport.
Shivpal said BJP, which rode to power by misleading the people, would be exposed by the new front. Lalu was accompanied by son Tejaswi Yadav and some close relatives among others.
2

Candidates in Kashmir prefer Urdu newspapers for poll advertisementsPress Trust of India | Dec 07, 2014 at 05:43pm IST
Srinagar: With Assembly elections in full swing, it is raining advertisements for vernacular dailies in Kashmir as candidates and political parties try to reach out to the maximum number of electorate in the remaining three phases of the polls. A cursory look at the daily newspapers published from Srinagar shows that political parties are preferring Urdu language newspapers over English dailies for their advertisements in the print media.
A detailed analysis of the newspapers showed that the Urdu dailies are getting most of the election-related advertisements, which has helped some of these newspapers tide over the losses suffered during recent floods. Kashmir Uzma, one of the leading Urdu dailies in the Valley, had 18 election-related advertisements in its Saturday edition while its parent daily, Greater Kashmir -- a leading English language daily -- had just four.
One of the biggest advertisements in Greater Kashmir was issued by Finance Minister and National Conference candidate from Chrar-e-Sharief Abdul Rahim Rather. He, however, used Urdu language for the advertisement in the English newspaper.
A cursory look at the daily newspapers published from Srinagar shows that political parties are preferring Urdu language newspapers over English dailies for their advertisements in the print media.
Daily Aftab, another leading Urdu daily, had 17 poll-related advertisements issued by candidates and political parties. Most of the English dailies published from Srinagar did not have more than four advertisements in their Saturday edition.
Raja Mohiuddin, editor of a newspaper group, said preference of Urdu language dailies was due to the fact that most people in Kashmir can read it. "From a school dropout to a scholar, everyone in Kashmir can read and understand Urdu. That is why the political parties are preferring Urdu newspapers," he said. Some of the candidates maintain that while Urdu newspapers have wider reach in the Valley, issuing advertisement in these dailies is also cheaper compared to English dailies.
"Our target audience is the electorate we seek votes from. They are not from homogeneous background -- there are highly educated people, there are barely literates and illiterates too. Urdu is far more effective than English for these kind of advertisements," an Independent candidate from Bandipora district said.
"The revenues generated by the election related advertisements has helped us, at least I can talk about my group, to break even after remaining in the red following floods," Mohiuddin said. Polling for the 87-member Jammu and Kashmir Assembly is being held in five phases. The first phase of voting took place on November 25 and the second phase of voting was held on December 2. The third phase will be held on December 9, fourth phase on December 14 and fifth on December 20. The counting of votes will be held on December 23.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar cremated with full military honoursDec 07, 2014 at 05:48pm IST
Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar cremated with full military honours
66
0
Ranchi: The mortal remains of Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar, who was killed by terrorists in Kashmir on Friday, were consigned to flames with full military honours in Ranchi on Friday.
Large crowds turned up at several places, showering petals on the body during his last journey. Hundreds of bike-borne mourners also followed the body.
Governor Syed Ahmed, Chief Minister Hemant Soren, Union Ministers Dharmendra Pradhan and Jayant Sinha, several Army and police officials were among those present at the funeral.
Large crowds turned up at several places, showering petals on the body during his last journey. Hundreds of bike-borne mourners also followed the body.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

How safe are radio cabsHow safe are radio cabs?
CNN-IBN | Dec 07, 2014 at 05:12pm
In yet another case of crime against women, a cab driver allegedly raped a woman working in a Gurgaon MNC on Friday. The driver, who was working for Uber taxi services, allegedly threatened the woman against reporting the incident. CNN-IBN asks how radio cabs are safe for women.
Hostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Most CMs back restructuring of PlanComm |  States must have greater roleMost chief ministers favour restructuring of Planning Commission
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 06.45PM IST
Tags:
AIADMK
(The Chief Ministers could…)
NEW DELHI: A meeting called by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss the future of the Planning Commission today saw most Chief Ministers favouring restructuring of the Soviet-era body but there was no consensus on disbanding the existing set-up.
Modi, who has announced in his Independent Day speech that the Planning Commission would be replaced by a new body which is in sync with the contemporary economic world, invoked former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who had said on April 30 this year that the current structure has "no futuristic vision in the post-reform period".
Modi pushed for an effective structure which strengthens "co-operative federalism" and the concept of 'Team India'.
Indications from the day-long meeting suggested that the government is looking at a structure which will have the Prime Minister, some Cabinet ministers and some Chief Ministers along with technocrats and experts in various fields.
The Chief Ministers could be included in the body on rotation basis and the states could be given liberty to spend funds according to their needs.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, while briefing the media on the deliberations of the meeting, said no time-line has been fixed, saying the Centre will take a "considered view after consultations are over".
However, there were indications that the shape of the new structure could be firmed by January 26 next year.
Chief Ministers of West Bengal and Mizoram besides poll-bound Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand did not attend the meeting where the Prime Minister sought to give greater role for the states in the new body.
At the meeting, Congress-ruled states supported the idea of revamping the Planning Commission set up by Jawaharlal Nehru in 1950 but disfavoured its scrapping as they felt it can be "evolved".
However, some NDA states and those ruled by parties like AIADMK and TRS wanted immediate disbanding of the Planning Commission.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SpiceJet Pilots Flocking to Other AirlinesSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: With budget carrier SpiceJet wobbling amid a fund drought and the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier's pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job, industry sources said.
As many as 54 SpiceJet pilots of the over 125 pilots who have quit the airline have already applied for a jobs in the two major airlines - Jet Airways and IndiGo, the sources said.
"The exodus of pilots from SpiceJet continues in view of the prevailing uncertainty. Around 125 pilots have already quit the carrier so far and of them 54 have already applied for a job with Jet Airways and IndiGo," one of the sources said.
Of the 54 pilots, 40 have sought a job with Jet Airways, while the remaining have applied in the budget carrier IndiGo, the sources said.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run as a "going concern".
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA on Saturday withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
(Also read: Bail-out measure for SpiceJet ruled out )
The airline, however, said in a statement that surrendering the unused slots to airport operators was a routine practice and that it had already paid November salaries to almost 85 per cent of the employees two days ago.
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by 15 December to clear its over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies as well as stop taking bookings beyond one month among others.
As many as 93 arrival and 93 departure slots were withdrawn by the aviation regulator as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September.
It may be mentioned here that Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," he had said.
(Read: SpiceJet giving heart attacks, says Civil Aviation Minister )
The regulator would now on also carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles, DGCA sources had said on Saturday.
With reports of slashing of its Boeing fleet by about a third and operate 24 out of its current strength of 35 planes by the middle of next year, its officials said the decision to shrink was part of the airline's restructuring process and cutting costs.
The airline has reported a fifth straight quarter of net losses for July-September, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had registered a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 14:57 (IST)

Gogoi opposes move to scrap Plan panelGogoi opposes move to scrap Plan panel
Chief Ministers at PMs meet favors the need to decentralise power and planning  says Arun JaitleyChief Ministers at PMs meet favors the need to decentralise power and planning  says Arun Jaitley
Infrastructure Consulting Firms Seek Exemption From Service Tax: Industry BodyInfrastructure Consulting Firms Seek Exemption From Service Tax: Industry Body
Prime Minister s Retreat with Chief MinistersPrime Minister s Retreat with Chief Ministers
Mamata Calls BJP Leaders  Men of RiotsMamata Calls BJP Leaders  Men of Riots
Mulayam Singh Yadav bats for Indian languages in government officesMulayam Singh Yadav bats for Indian languages in government offices
Police look for Uber driver accused of rape  company suspends his accountNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
The cabbie, who allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman here on Friday night, has been arrested in Mathura even as questions were raised over security measures provided by Uber, the US-based cab firm which used his taxi service.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, the 32-year-old driver and a native of Mathura who was living in rented premises here, has been arrested, according to DIG (Agra Range) Lakshmi Singh.
Singh said the Uber cab in which the crime took place was owned by him and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to the Delhi police. The car was recovered from the city late last night.
As a massive search operation was on in Mathura and other parts of Uttar Pradesh to nab the accused, Delhi Police had earlier in the day announced a cash reward of Rs one lakh for his arrest.
“The vehicle has been found and is being brought to Delhi and FSL examination by forensic experts will be done here. 12 teams are carrying out the search operation and we are getting full support from local police at Mathura,” said Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat.
The police have also issued a notice to Uber, the US-based cab service provider, under section 161 CrPC to join investigation in the case.
“We have issued them a notice to join investigation. There are norms to operate such cab service set by the Transport Department and we will see whether they were followed or not,” said Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma.
The shocking incident, which took place days ahead of the second anniversary of the December 16 gangrape, brought back memories of the horrific crime as shock and anger erupted both online and offline.
According to the police, neither the driver was verified nor the cab had a GPS tracker.
The company has issued a statement, saying that it was providing all help to the police in the investigation.
“Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokeswoman.
The driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was an Smartphone App which he exited after the incident, the police said.
“The accused (Yadav) is being brought to Delhi,” said Deputy Commissioner of Delhi Police (North) Madhur Verma.
According to Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Manzil Saini, he was arrested from near a marriage hall along the Delhi-Agra highway under Mathura’s Sadar police station.
A case has been registered at Sarai Rohilla police station in Delhi under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
Yadav, who was driving the Uber cab, allegedly raped the woman around 9:30 PM on Friday when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat of the car only to wake up and find that they had stopped at a secluded spot. She found that the car doors were locked and, when she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed her and then committed rape, the police said.
The accused then dropped her off near her home in Inderlok after threatening to kill her if she spoke about it to anybody, it said.
Quoting the complaint, the police said that the woman had dined with her friends after her shift ended at 7 PM and one of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab to return home.
Uber, an international cab-booking service, has its headquarters in New York. It also could not immediately provide the call log as details were said to be stored at the company’s headquarters, the police said.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said that the guilty should be booked immediately.
“The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future,” he said.
“This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government,” Lalani said.
According to Police, Yadav originally hails from Elau police station area of Mainpuri district in Uttar Pradesh and was residing in a rented accommodation in Chandrapuri locality in Mathura.
When the police team reached at his residence, he was not present there.
In the evening, the joint team headed by ASP Ajay Pal of Uttar Pradesh Police arrested him from a house in Mathura which was about a kilometre away from his rented accommodation.
The police said identity of the owner of the house from where Yadav was arrested was yet to be ascertained.
During investigation, prime facie it has come to fore that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber, the US-based cab firm, as a number of shortcomings was found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor GPS tracking device was installed in the car, police officials said, adding Yadav was working with Uber since last six month.
Senior police officials will decide what action should be taken against the firm for the negligence, they said.
The police team along with Yadav will reach Delhi by midnight and he will be produced before a court here tomorrow.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Cab
More from miscellaneous

Every Year For 40 Years  A Photographer Snapped A Portrait Of These Sistersreddit
Nicholas Nixon was 26 years old when he began photographing the Brown sisters. It was August 1974, and he had been married to his wife Beverly (née Brown) for three years. Bebe, as she's known, posed with Laurie, Heather and Mimi during a family gathering, and though Nixon ended up discarding the negative, the four sisters huddled together again the next year. Nixon was satisfied with that shot.
1975
Nicholas Nixon. The Brown Sisters, New Canaan, Connecticut. 1975. The Museum of Modern Art, New York. Gift of the artist © 2014 Nicholas Nixon
In July of 1975 the sisters were 25 (Bebe), 23 (Heather), 21 (Laurie) and 15 (Mimi). The year after that, when Laurie graduated from college, Nixon snapped a photo of the four women yet again. That image sparked an annual tradition, prompting the sisters to step in front of the camera every year -- in the same order -- in a powerful expression of time.
1978
Nicholas Nixon. The Brown Sisters, Harwich Port, Massachusetts. 1978. The Museum of Modern Art, New York. John Parkinson III Fund © 2014 Nicholas Nixon
The sisters were tasked with agreeing on a single image to represent themselves each year. Nixon is mostly mum on the stories behind the frames. The first comment he ever gave on the series was impressively succinct: "The world is infinitely more interesting than any of my opinions about it."
1988
Nicholas Nixon. The Brown Sisters, Wellesley, Massachusetts. 1988. The Museum of Modern Art, New York. The Family of Man Fund © 2014 Nicholas Nixon
Detroit-born Nixon first showed his work at the Museum of Modern Art on July 22, 1976, two years into the project. The museum ended up presenting two of the Brown Sisters' portraits in that show, included amidst a series of landscape photos. Since then, MoMA has been collecting the series. " Nicholas Nixon: Forty Years of The Brown Sisters " is on view now until January 4, 2015.
1999
Nicholas Nixon. The Brown Sisters, Brookline, Massachusetts. 1999. The Museum of Modern Art, New York. Gift of the artist © 2014 Nicholas Nixon
Moving from frame to frame, the viewer is able to witness the aging process of these four women -- sisters who make it a point to meet once a year to honor a tradition initiated four decades ago. Concepts of family and ritual weave in and out of the portraits, as the viewer attempts to guess what each smirk and embrace might mean. As their faces change, we can only imagine the bonds connecting Bebe, Heather, Laurie and Mimi strengthening and weakening, ebbing and flowing. For anyone with a sibling or two in their lives, Nixon's visual timeline oozes nostalgia and that concentrated desire to travel back in time.
2014
Nicholas Nixon. The Brown Sisters, Wellfleet, Massachusetts. 2014. The Museum of Modern Art, New York. Cornelius N. Bliss Memorial Fund © 2014 Nicholas Nixon
Nixon will be signing books at the MoMA Design and Book Store on Monday, December 8, in celebration of the publication The Brown Sisters: Forty Years and the lobby installation of all 40 portraits taken thus far. See a preview of the exhibition here.
Cover of Nicholas Nixon: The Brown Sisters, Forty Years, published by The Museum of Modern Art, 2014
Earlier on HuffPost:

Four years after Hero split  Honda gains ground rapidlyFour years after Hero split, Honda gains ground rapidly
Murali Gopalan
REUTERS Growing fast. Honda’s plant in Manesar was its first in India
The challenge is to launch a bike that can take on the top-selling Splendor
December 5, 2014:  
 
It was precisely four years ago when Honda and Hero parted ways in their two-wheeler joint venture.
At that point in time, the Japanese automaker had a single plant in Manesar, Haryana, which was rolling out 1.6 million units each year. Further, following the split with Hero, it ceded nearly four million units annually of the Splendor and Passion motorcycle brands to its erstwhile Indian ally. Consequently, Honda had 12 million bikes and scooters to report as its global sales in 2010-11.
Notable changes
Things have changed quite dramatically since then. The company has added two more plants in its India kitty and is poised to wrap up this fiscal with sales of over 4.5 million units. This will be a fourth of its global numbers expected to be a little over 18 million two-wheelers by the end of 2014-15.
Indonesia continues to be its largest market with annual sales tipped to be around five million units this year. Once the fourth plant in India is commissioned towards the last quarter of 2015-16, Honda will be doing nearly six million units.
It is very likely that the subcontinent will emerge its largest two-wheeler market, ahead of Indonesia.
All this is a remarkable feat from a company which parted with two valuable brands in the form of the Splendor and Passion and, yet, made up lost ground in little time. And even while Hero is still the largest player in India’s two-wheeler segment, Honda is fast catching up and could emerge tops by the end of this decade.
Major player
Within the auto industry, rivals concede that the company is a formidable force to reckon with and has the astonishing ability to gather momentum without much fanfare. When its Indian arm was first set up to manufacture gearless scooters nearly 15 years ago, nobody would have thought that brand Activa would take the market by storm. Today, the scooter averages sales of over two lakh units each month and does nearly three times the numbers as its closest rival.
The gearless scooter journey, of course, began a lot earlier in the mid-1980s when Honda joined hands with the Kinetic group and unleashed this revolution on wheels. By then, it was also setting a base for its motorcycle business where Hero Honda would emerge the lead player in India by the turn of the 21{+s}{+t}century. After parting ways with Kinetic, it was only a matter of time before Honda took charge of the gearless scooter segment.
Will the company be able to pull it off as comfortably with motorcycles and surpass Hero with whom it had a 26-year partnership? The latter has made it clear that it will be no easy pushover and is determined to hold on to its leadership status in the years to come. A large part of this is also due to the fact that the Splendor and Passion continue to draw buyers by the droves to the showrooms.
Dream big
Honda has now got its Dream series bikes in place to take on these formidable brands which it had unleashed in the market with Hero years ago. Rivals in the two-wheeler space insist the Dream Yuga and Neo are yet to make a considerable impact and that the company’s top bike brands continue to be the Unicorn and Shine. Honda, though, is confident that the sales of the Dream series are on an upward curve and numbers will build up as it extends its network into rural India. At one level, the relatively slow growth of its motorcycle brands should not be a major cause for concern to the company given that scooter sales in the country are on the rise and account for nearly 30 per cent of two-wheelers sold. Going forward, auto industry observers believe this component will increase rapidly and could even touch 45 per cent over the next 2-3 years.
Honda’s new plant in Gujarat, for instance, will roll out 1.2 million scooters annually when it is commissioned in early 2016. Other companies like TVS Motor, Hero, Yamaha, Mahindra and Suzuki are, likewise, focusing on growing their scooter business through this decade.
All this will be music to Honda’s ears as it endeavours to grab the leadership mantle from Hero. What it would welcome even more is being able to hit the sweet spot with a brand that can take on the Splendor. By doing so, it will have finally achieved in motorcycles what it did more comfortably with the Activa in scooters.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Xolo uses Twitter to launch Omega phones with HiveIt was a product launch with a difference. XOLO, the premium smart devices brand from Lava International, on Friday announced its new Omega smartphone variants through an exclusive twitter launch.
 
— XOLO (@MyXOLO) December 5, 2014
The Omega comes in two variants. Omega 5.0 and Omega 5.5. both have HC IPS screens, 1.4 GHz Octa-Core MTK6592M Processor and powered by XOLO’s proprietary HIVE platform. It comes with Quad-Core 600MHz Mali™ 450 GPU and 1 GB RAM.
Our first impression is that the phone looks a bit like the Moto G and is very comfortable in the hand, thanks to its curved edges.
Omega is the second device to run XOLO’s HIVE OS that offers high degree of customisation for users as well as the opportunity to become part of the development process.
Read more about Hive here
XOLO has also partnered with Vodafone, to offer Omega 5.0 users 500 MB free data and Omega 5.5 users 1 GB of free data, per month for two months. Plus, they also get access to unlimited music content from Vodafone Music for the same period. Omega 5.0 sports 8 MP rear camera with Sony Exmor R sensor and 2MP front camera. This version has 1 GB RAM and 8 GB internal memory, expandable upto 32 GB. Packed with 2,100 mAh battery, it is priced at Rs 8,999. Omega 5.5 comes with 13 MP rear camera with Sony Exmor RS sensor and a 2 MP front camera. With a 2,600 mAh battery, this one will be available at Rs 9,999. The Omega 5 will become available from December 10, while the larger version will sell from December 20.
TAGS: Hive Omega Xolo
More from industry

Pakistan Says Top Al Qaeda Leader Killed In RaidPakistan Says Top Al Qaeda Leader Adnan Shukrijumah Killed In Raid
 |  By                                                                      MUNIR AHMED
reddit
This undated handout file photo provided by the FBI shows Adnan Shukrijumah.  (AP Photo/FBI, File)
ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistani soldiers killed a top al-Qaida operative Saturday who was indicted in the U.S. for his alleged involvement in a plot to bomb New York's subway system, the military said in a statement.
The death of Adnan Shukrijumah is the latest blow to the terror organization still reeling from the 2011 killing of leader Osama bin Laden and now largely eclipsed by the militant Islamic State group. It also marks a major achievement for the Pakistani military, which mounted a widespread military operation in the northwest this summer.
The military announced Shukrijumah's death in a statement, saying that he was killed along with two other suspected militants in Pakistan's South Waziristan tribal area early Saturday. South Waziristan is part of the mountainous territory bordering Afghanistan that is home to various militant groups fighting both in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
"The al-Qaida leader, who was killed by the Pakistan army in a successful operation, is the same person who had been indicted in the United States," said a senior Pakistani army officer, who spoke on condition of anonymity as he was not authorized to talk to journalists.
As al-Qaida's head of external operations, the 39-year-old Shukrijumah occupied a position once held by Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed. The FBI lists the Saudi-born Shukrijumah as a "most wanted" terrorist and the U.S. State Department had offered up to a $5 million reward for his capture.
Federal prosecutors in the U.S. allege Shukrijumah had recruited three men in 2008 to receive training in the lawless tribal region of Pakistan for the subway attack. The three traveled to Pakistan to avenge the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan but were persuaded by al-Qaida operatives to return to the United States for a suicide-bombing mission against a major target such as the New York Stock Exchange, Times Square or Grand Central Terminal.
Eventually, the men settled on a plot to blow themselves up at rush hour, according to testimony in federal court. Attorney General Eric Holder has called that New York plot one of the most dangerous since 9/11.
Adis Medunjanin, originally from Bosnia, was sentenced to life in prison in November 2012 for his role in a foiled 2009 plot. Najibullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay cooperated with the government in the hopes of getting a reduced sentence.
After the Sept. 11 terror attacks, Shukrijumah was seen as one of al-Qaida's best chances to attack inside the U.S. or Europe, captured terrorist Abu Zubaydah told U.S. authorities. Shukrijumah studied computer science and chemistry at a community college in Florida and is thought to be the only al-Qaida leader to have once held a U.S. green card. He lived in Miramar, Florida, with his mother and five siblings.
He had come to South Florida in 1995 when his father, a Muslim cleric and missionary trained in Saudi Arabia, decided to take a post at a Florida mosque after several years at a mosque in Brooklyn.
But at some point in the late 1990s, the FBI says Shukrijumah became convinced that he must participate in "jihad," or holy war, to fight perceived persecution against Muslims in places like Chechnya and Bosnia. He eventually went to a training camp in Afghanistan where he studied the use of weapons, explosives and battle tactics.
When the FBI showed up to arrest him as a material witness to a terrorism case in 2003, he had already left the country.
In 2004, then-Attorney General John Ashcroft called Shukrijumah a "clear and present danger" to the United States. Experts said what made him so dangerous was his firsthand knowledge of the United States. There was no immediate comment from the U.S. to the news of Shukrijumah's death.
Spokesmen for the New York Police Department and the U.S. attorney's office for the Eastern District of New York did not respond Saturday to emails seeking comment on the report of Shukrijumah's death.
The Pakistani military said that Shukrijumah had recently moved from the North Waziristan tribal area to South Waziristan to avoid a military operation the Pakistanis launched in June in North Waziristan. The military said he was hiding in a compound when he was killed but gave few other details about the raid. One Pakistani soldier was killed and another seriously wounded during the assault, the military said.
Pakistan's army spokesman, Maj. Gen. Asim Saleem Bajwa, said on Twitter that five "terrorists" also were detained in the raid.
The United States has been pushing Pakistan for years to launch an operation in North Waziristan, the last area of the tribal region bordering Afghanistan where the Pakistani military had not forcefully moved to root out militants. The military says they have killed 1,200 militants in the North Waziristan operation and cleared 90 percent of the territory.
Shukrijumah's death is a significant success for Pakistan's military, Pakistani security analyst Zahid Hussain said.
"They seem to have developed a strong intelligence networks in the tribal areas," he said.
___
Associated Press writer Rebecca Santana contributed to this report.
More:

http://usat.ly/1wDHPCLFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Starbucks goes upscale with fancy coffee emporium
SEATTLE -- If Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz were to build a monument to himself – and his company – this is arguably it.   For a one year, Starbucks has been constructing its Starbucks Reserve Roastery and
Post to Facebook
Starbucks goes upscale with fancy coffee emporium SEATTLE -- If Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz were to build a monument to himself – and his company – this is arguably it.   For a one year, Starbucks has been constructing its Starbucks Reserve Roastery and Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CKvIae
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Starbucks goes upscale with fancy coffee emporium
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 6:05 a.m. EST December 5, 2014
Starbucks opens a new 15,000 square foot store in the chic Capitol Hill area of Seattle. USA TODAY
The new Starbucks Roastery store in Seattle is where coffee isn't just sold, but also roasted, bagged and shipped around the world.
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
3126 CONNECT 202 TWEET 250 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SEATTLE — If Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz were to build a monument to his company — and to himself — this is arguably it.
This is Starbucks on steroids.  And on stage.
Early Friday, the Starbucks Reserve Roastery and Tasting Room mega-store  opens its specially carved teak doors in Seattle's chi-chi Capitol Hill. Part store, part theater and part made-for-social-media buzz, it's also a savvy tourist attraction. The store is big not just in size, but aspirations.
This is not your neighborhood Starbucks. At 15,000 square feet, it could house about a dozen conventional Starbucks stores.  But there's nothing conventional about this java joint, which mixes Willy Wonka glitz with extreme coffee culture. Starbucks gave USA TODAY an exclusive, early tour of the store where coffee isn't just sold, but also roasted, bagged and shipped around the world.
Think of the Starbucks Roastery as a gathering spot for the well-to-do, where industrial age aesthetic meets information age reality.  At a time when fewer customers are heading into retail stores in shopping malls or on Main Street, it's a gutsy move. Starbucks is attempting to create traffic and buzz not just with new multisyllabic beverage concoctions and some expensive brand burnishing. Here, upscale amenities, such as designer foods and craft coffees, aim to lure a more affluent and diverse clientele.
And, of course, to boost the bottom line.  While Starbucks has expanded into everything from juices to grocery store goods, this is a U-turn back to its coffee roots.  In a technology age, it's a reminder that without the coffee bean, there is no Starbucks.  This, even as the company that had wowed investors with double-digit same-store sales jumps cooled in its fourth fiscal quarter to a more modest 5% increase.
The store opens the day after Starbucks wrapped its biennial investor conference, where the company unveiled the first "Mobile Order & Pay" platform in the Portland, Ore., area, with a  national roll-out planned for 2015.  Schultz said that the new system will lead to food and drink delivery in some markets later next year. And  Starbucks plans to double U.S. food revenue to more than $5 billion over the next five years, in part by expanding wine and beer to more stores.
But the loudest and clearest message from Starbucks is the sheer physical presence of the new Starbucks Roastery. The smell of the roasting coffee permeates the air like invisible java junkie insulin.The sights and sounds of the overhead pneumatic transfer tubes — where the coffee beans are whisked from loading bay to roasters to coffee silos — are riveting. A 32-foot-high Copper Cast, where beans rest after roasting, shines like a newly minted penny. There's a Coffee Experience Bar where a Starbucks Coffee Master demonstrates eight brewing techniques.
Prepare to pay for the extravagance. Bagged coffee can fetch $16 a pound or more.  The cheapest cup of coffee is $3.  The most expensive — a 32-ounce cup of its exclusive Pantheon Blend — is $8. Three 12-ounce coffee samples at the Coffee Experience Bar will set you back $15.
Perfectly displayed merchandise is lit with museum-quality lighting. Just in time for the holidays, colorful, hand-blown drinking glasses for iced coffee go for $75 each. A waxed  canvas apron like the baristas wear in this store  fetches $149.95. Italian-made espresso machines are yours for $3,000.
Liz Muller talks about the new Starbucks Roastery.
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
"This is the theater of coffee," says Liz Muller, creative vice president of global design, who oversaw store construction the past year. "We wanted to create a space to reinvent retail for the 21st century."
Schultz wants the store as a symbolic exclamation mark on the Starbucks Reserve coffee brand and to spread its distribution internationally.   And to educate folks from bean to cup. But most of all, this store is a monument to Schultz's inner drive to top all takers. At a time many folks are going out less, Schultz says that the Roastery "will shine a bright light on everything Starbucks."
Perhaps it's something more like a searchlight. This is really Seattle trying to put on the Hollywood glitz. By spring, there will even be tour buses zipping the nine blocks from the very first Starbucks store that opened in 1971 near Pike Place Market to the Roastery, which aims to be Seattle's most talked-about gathering spot.
The store redefines the retail flagship store of the future, says Scott Bedbury, a brand consultant and former marketing chief at both Starbucks and Nike.
Sure, NikeTown stores in New York and Chicago are amazing, but you don't actually see the shoes being manufactured.  Toys R Us has a flagship store in New York's Times Square, but the toys aren't made there, either.  At the Roastery, you can see, hear, feel, smell and taste the product being made. "The brand is being defined at its very best for the world to see," says Bedbury.
Even so, the store has limits, warns Temple University history professor Bryant Simon, author of Everything but the Coffee: Learning about America from Starbucks. "It will generate a lot of publicity," he says, "But I don't think it will win over hipsters, writers and coffee people to the brand."  These are folks who are, typically, less interested in show, he says.
Starbucks is heavily betting that Simon's dead wrong.  They decline to discuss the investment in the new store — which replaced a former Volvo dealership — but it's clearly a lot. A second Roastery will likely be built next year in Asia, but Schultz won't disclose where.
Starbucks Reserve Roastery and Tasting Room mega-store in Seattle's Capitol Hill is bigger than big. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Susan Townsend and John Christensen operate the large roaster. The new store not only sells coffee, but also roasts and packages the coffee. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
The Roastery is extravagant. Bagged coffee can fetch $16 a pound or more. The cheapest cup of coffee is $3. The most expensive is $8. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Barista Dave Flippen shakes up an iced coffee drink at the Seattle roastery. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Barista trainer Chris Smith brews a Columbia roast coffee on the siphon. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Barista trainer Chris Smith displays a Columbia roast coffee brewed on a siphon. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Starbucks is attempting to create traffic and buzz with new multi-syllable beverage concoctions and some expensive brand burnishing. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Barista trainer Chris Smith pours a Columbia roast coffee that was brewed on a siphon at Starbucks' new roastery and store. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
This new roasting facility will allow Starbucks to expand its very profitable Reserve coffee line, which will be sold at 1,500 locations globally. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
The Starbucks Reserve Roastery and Tasting Room features perfectly displayed merchandise, lit with museum-quality lighting. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Alex Muth roasts vegetables in the wood fire oven at the roastery. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Fullscreen
All the wood, steel and other materials used to build the Starbucks Roastery are American made. And if you really happen to like the place a lot and want to have a group meeting, birthday or wedding event you can rent out a back area. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
The sights and sounds of the overhead pneumatic transfer tubes, where the coffee beans are whisked from loading bay to roasters to coffee silos, are riveting. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
The new Starbucks Roastery is a totally outside the box Starbucks. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

PM lauds scientists for launch of GSAT-16Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today hailed scientists for the successful launch of GSAT-16 communication satellite, saying it will become a major asset for the country’s space programme.
“Kudos to our scientists for the successful launch of GSAT-16. The communication satellite will become a major asset for our space programme,” the Prime Minister tweeted.
Kudos to our scientists for the successful launch of GSAT-16. The communication satellite will become a major asset for our space programme.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 7, 2014
“After the successful launch, GSAT-16 is in good health. ISRO’s Master Control Facility at Hassan has taken over the control of the satellite,” he retweeted.
GSAT-16 was successfully launched on board Arianespace rocket from the space port of Kourou in French Guiana in the early hours today.
In the dual rocket mission, GSAT-16 with 48 transponders, the largest-ever carried by a communication satellite built by Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), was ejected into space four minutes after its co-passenger DIRECTTV-14 spacecraft, designed to provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the US.
GSAT-16, a multi-application telecommunications satellite, will cover the entire Indian sub-continent.
TAGS: GSAT-16 ISRO
More from miscellaneous

Consumers to Get Choice to Select Power Distribution Company: Piyush GoyalUp to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: In a significant power sector reform measure, the government on Saturday said it will soon make necessary amendments to the Electricity Act to allow consumers to choose their distribution company.
"Electricity Act has been in discussion for quite some time. The act was put up for stakeholders' consultation. We have received various suggestions," Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal told reporters here at a CII event.
"What we are looking at is allowing competition at last mile delivery so that consumers have a choice of supplier of electricity... it will also help states serve the people better," the minister said.
Mr Goyal assured that wherever there existing power purchase agreements, the interests of stakeholders will be protected in consultation with certain benchmarks set by the regulator.
The minister said competition will be encouraged at the last mile in the interest of keeping tariff low, competitive and for better customer service.
On being asked about allowing end users of electricity to select their own power distribution firm, Mr Goyal said it will be done gradually, adding that it was tried in Maharashtra but due to some court decisions it couldn't go further.
There were some hurdles under the Electricity Act of 2003, he said when asked why the proposed model did not work in that state.
"We are trying to resolve those hurdles under the current amendment to the Electricity Act," he added.
Story first published on: December 06, 2014 16:44 (IST)

Come with proof  not for fishing expedition: Swiss Ambassador on black money caseBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:43 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 12:54 pm
As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any ‘fishing expedition’ and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.
Switzerland’s Ambassador to India Linus von Castelmur also said the past cannot be undone, while promising full support of his country in cases where at least some proof is provided on tax frauds.
He, however, agreed that all the money deposited in Swiss banks might not have always been ‘taxed money’ in the past, as Switzerland was a major destination for several decades when money would flow in from different sources.
The Ambassador said cooperation by Swiss authorities cannot take place on the basis of stolen lists of account holders and would need independent probes by Indian agencies and at least a prima facie proof of tax  rauds.
“We understand and appreciate India’s concerns on the matter. We need clear understanding on the issue,” Castelmur said.
“I think one part of the issue is dealing with the past and Switzerland was destination for several decades where money flowed in from difference sources and that was no always a tax money,” he said.
“When we look from present and future, we see that problem will be solved,” said Castelmur, who was here for an award function where industrialist Azim Premji was given a Swiss honour for inspirational and socially responsible leadership.
The issue of black money suspected to be stashed abroad, including in Swiss banks, has been a matter of intense debate in India for years.
The matter has been in focus recently with the Opposition parties accusing the government of going back on its promise to bring back black money from overseas within 100 days of its coming to power.
A Supreme Court monitored Special Investigation Team is looking into ways to tackle the black money menace, while the government recently said it has reached a major breakthrough in the form of a new agreement with the Swiss authorities for cooperation on sharing of details about alleged black money holders in Swiss banks.

Assessing Fallout From Oil Prices DeclineYou are here: Home Commodities
Assessing The Fallout From the Fall in Oil Prices
Reuters | Updated On: December 06, 2014 18:48 (IST)
India to Weigh Gold Policy Impact After Spurt in November Imports
New York: With crude oil prices hitting five-year lows, investors are scrambling to gauge the impact of the sharp drop in petroleum costs on companies beyond the energy sector.
Determining the effects of the decline in commodities prices for ancillary industries is difficult. So it will be instructive to see what kind of comments come out of a number of analyst meetings being held in the next few weeks from major industrial companies, some of which have substantial businesses that supply the energy industry.
On Monday, Dover Corp, which develops pumps and sensors used in oil and gas extraction, will hold an analyst day. Its shares have fallen 9 per cent in the last eight trading sessions.
"In the next couple of quarters, should drilling and the build-out of infrastructure slow down, these are the guys that are going to get hit," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh.
Goldman Sachs pointed out in a note this week that some big manufacturers have significant exposure to the oil and gas industry. Dover's annual report notes that its energy business comprises about a quarter of its annual sales, and its annual report last year said it expected to continue expanding.
"It could be early for a number of these companies to announce or speculate on how the decline in oil prices has impacted or will impact their results, either positively or negatively," said Tim Ghriskey, chief investment officer of Solaris Group in Bedford Hills, New York.
Energy earnings expectations have continued to crater. On Monday, the fourth-quarter estimate was for a year-over-year decline of 11.2 per cent for S&P energy stocks. By Friday, that had dropped to 14.7 per cent decline, according to Thomson Reuters data. Whether the drop in energy prices will have an effect on other sectors is yet unclear.
Sector behemoths Honeywell and General Electric have a 15 per cent exposure to oil and gas each while United Technologies, also with an upcoming analyst day next week, is "less tied to oil trends," according to Goldman Sachs.
Honeywell and GE will have analyst days the week after next. Volatility in GE's shares has been lower than usual of late, which means anything unusual out of the company could affect the stock.
The same goes for Honeywell, whose shares Goldman notes have moved, on average, 3.4 per cent after its last seven fiscal outlook calls, compared with an average 1.9 per cent move after its last eight earnings releases.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

India spent Rs one lakh crore on diseases caused by tobacco in 2011By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 3:26 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 3:36 pm
Diseases caused by tobacco consumption caused an economic burden of Rs 1.04 lakh crore in 2011 to India, according to a report by Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
In reply to an RTI query, the Health Ministry said a study carried out by it has found that in 2011, Rs 1.04 lakh crore was spent on tobacco-related diseases among people in the age group 35-69.
The ministry said the Health Secretary had written to the Cabinet Secretary in this regard to set up an inter- ministerial committee to coordinate between ministries over WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC) and issues related to control of tobacco.
The health ministry said under the National Tobacco Control Program school programmes to spread awareness among children is an important district-level activity.
Delhi-based activist Gopal Prasad had filed an RTI asking about the cost borne by the government and public due to diseases the consumption of alcohol, cigarette and tobacco.

Indian woman alleges rape by Uber cab driver in New DelhiIndian woman alleges rape by Uber cab driver in New Delhi
Plan panel needs reorientation  not political burial: CongressA file photo of Anand Sharma
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
Congress today said dismantling Planning Commission will be “unwarranted, shortsighted and dangerous” as it will have long term adverse effect on Centre-State relations and asserted that the Plan panel needed “reorientation” and not “political burial“.
“The move is shortsighted and dangerous. It will also have long term adverse impact on central and state relations.
Any move to rename or restructure is unwarranted in national interest and must be opposed. There may have been shortcomings of the Planning Commission but it also has inherent strains.
“What the Planning Commission needs is reorientation and not renaming or a political burial,” party spokesperson Anand Sharma said in a statement as Prime Minister Narendra Modi held a meeting with chief ministers to deliberate on replacement of the Planning Commission.
He said that it is interesting that the Prime Minister called a meeting of the chief ministers to discuss the future of the Planning Commission almost four months after “unilaterally” announcing the decision to dismantle the commission.
“It is ironic that the Prime Minister has claimed, that, the move is to empower the state governments and strengthen the federal structure, after having taken the arbitrary decision without convening the meeting of National Development Council nor consulting the States,” said Sharma, who is the Deputy Leader of Congress in Rajya Sabha.
Alleging that this “unwarranted” action has ‘undermined the federal structure” of the country, he said that the importance of the Planning Commission is to mediate between the Centre and the states for planning and funding of the Plans, thereby strengthening India’s federal structure.
Sharma recalled that Plannning Commission of India was established by a resolution of the Cabinet on March 15, 1950 to provide for land development and a means to raise the living standards of the people in independent India.
Claiming that the Plan panel has evolved over a period of time and made a notable contribution in Plan development through the five-year Plans until now, Sharma said, “even in a market economy, many aspects need planning since they require cooperation of multiple layers of Government as there exist cross cutting issues across different sectors“.
The former Commerce Minister noted that though India has embraced market economy, it is a still a country where the fruits of development have not reached millions of people.
“Therefore, Planning is essential. India cannot let the market forces decide the destiny of marginalised people.
“The Planning Commission has adapted to the changed economic development to meet the objectives of the economic growth, infrastructure building and planned development.”
He also noted that the Unique Identification Authority of India of UIDAI is housed in the Planning Commission and is tasked with the important national mission of Aadhaar and direct benefit of transfer to the citizens.
Today's Poll
Has the Planning Commission become an outdated idea?
Yes

Candidates in Kashmir prefer Urdu newspapers for polladsBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 7, 2014 5:58 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 6:47 pm
With Assembly elections in full swing, it is raining advertisements for vernacular dailies in Kashmir as candidates and political parties try to reach out to the maximum number of electorate in the remaining three phases of the polls.
A cursory look at the daily newspapers published from Srinagar shows that political parties are preferring Urdu language newspapers over English dailies for their advertisements in the print media.
A detailed analysis of the newspapers showed that the Urdu dailies are getting most of the election-related advertisements, which has helped some of these newspapers tide over the losses suffered during recent floods.
Kashmir Uzma, one of the leading Urdu dailies in the Valley, had 18 election-related advertisements in its Saturday edition while its parent daily, Greater Kashmir — a leading English language daily — had just four.
One of the biggest advertisements in Greater Kashmir was issued by Finance Minister and National Conference candidate from Chrar-e-Sharief Abdul Rahim Rather. He, however, used Urdu language for the advertisement in the English newspaper.
Daily Aftab, another leading Urdu daily, had 17 poll-related advertisements issued by candidates and political parties. Most of the English dailies published from Srinagar did not have more than four advertisements in their Saturday edition.
Raja Mohiuddin, editor of a newspaper group, said preference of Urdu language dailies was due to the fact that most people in Kashmir can read it.
“From a school dropout to a scholar, everyone in Kashmir can read and understand Urdu. That is why the political parties are preferring Urdu newspapers,” he said.
Some of the candidates maintain that while Urdu newspapers have wider reach in the Valley, issuing advertisement in these dailies is also cheaper compared to English dailies.
“Our target audience is the electorate we seek votes from. They are not from homogeneous background– there are highly educated people, there are barely literates and illiterates too.
Urdu is far more effective than English for these kind of advertisements,” an Independent candidate from Bandipora district said.
“The revenues generated by the election related advertisements has helped us, at least I can talk about my group, to break even after remaining in the red following floods,” Mohiuddin said.
Polling for the 87-member Jammu and Kashmir Assembly is being held in five phases. The first phase of voting took place on November 25 and the second phase of voting was held on December 2.
The third phase will be held on December 9, fourth phase on December 14 and fifth on December 20. The counting of votes will be held on December 23.

Merger of Janata Parivar parties a permanent alliance:LaluBy: Press Trust of India | Lucknow |
Posted: December 7, 2014 6:39 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 6:43 pm
The coming together of erstwhile ‘Janata Parivar’ is a “permanent alliance”, RJD chief Lalu Prasad said on Sunday, noting that such a united front to fight BJP was being missed for long. “It is a permanent alliance. We have been missing it for long. Now its has been cemented,” said Lalu in Lucknow.
The Rashtriya Janata Dal President was in Lucknow for a pre-engagement ceremony of his daughter Raj Lakshmi with SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav’s grandson and Lok Sabha member Tej Pratap Yadav.
Bihar and Uttar Pradesh are neighbouring states and it is a relationship of hearts, Lalu said on forging political unity as well as establishing family ties with Mulayam.
Asked about the new political formation, the RJD chief said ‘Netaji’ (Mulayam) has been authorised to take further decision. “Netaji has been authorised to take further decision. There is no ego problem now,” he said.
The two Yadavs are in the forefront of consolidation of opposition forces, bringing six constituents of the erstwhile ‘Janata Parivar’ under the banner of one party. These parties include SP, Janata Dal (Secular), RJD, Janata Dal (United), Indian National Lok Dal and Samajwadi Janata Party.
On being asked about the date of marriage he said it would be fixed by the pundits. “It (the marriage) is fixed. Now pundits will tell the date, but it will be soon,” he said.
Lalu was received by senior cabinet minister and Mulayam’s brother Shivpal Singh Yadav at the airport. Shivpal said BJP, which rode to power by misleading the people, would be exposed by the new front. Lalu was accompanied by son Tejaswi Yadav and some close relatives among others.

Lima climate delegates generating 29 000 tonnes of CO2:GroupBy: Press Trust of India | Lima |
Posted: December 7, 2014 6:24 pm
Flights and hotels for the entire 9,000 delegates from 190 countries attending the UN climate conference in Lima will generate almost 29,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide, according to an estimate by a group campaigning on behalf of green energy developers.
According to Project Developer Forum, the 29,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide is roughly equivalent to the emissions produced by the entire Pacific island state of Kiribati in six months.
Benny Peiser, of the climate-sceptic Global Warming Policy Foundation described the 12-day climate summit in the Peruvian capital as the “green blob’s annual ritual” and “an expensive form of mass tourism, never mind the carbon footprint”.
“More importantly, the ritual gathering isn’t going to overcome the underlying deadlock,” he said. “The developing world will ask for a high price which will sink the deal in the US.”
He said he believed any deal would not be legally-binding and that this would lead the EU to renege on its own carbon-cutting pledges.
“In short, the deal that is now in the making won’t slow CO2 emissions and won’t bind any nation. But it will be sold as a breakthrough –as all agreements have been sold in the past,” he was quoted as saying by The Telegraph.
The delegates are attempting to draft a global climate deal which is due to be officially agreed at next year’s summit in Paris.
The aim is to come up with an agreement that will cut greenhouse gas emissions in order to limit global warming to two degree centigrade above pre-industrial levels, beyond which scientists say the effects will be far more dangerous.

At least 13 killed in failed U.S. bid to rescue hostages in YemenAt least 13 killed in failed U.S. bid to rescue hostages in Yemen
Assam CM Tarun Gogoi opposes move to scrap PlanningCommissionBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 7:06 pm
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, a Congress veteran, on Sunday opposed the move to scrap the Planning Commission, saying replacing it without carefully devising a new structure was likely to do more harm than good.
“Perhaps, what is required is to reorient and reform the Commission to meet the needs of the current era. I would like to emphasise that such replacement, without carefully devising the new structure to meet the obligations of our polity and economy, is likely to do more harm than good,” he said.
Gogoi was addressing the conference of Chief Ministers convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss the future of the plan panel.
“Let me put it on record that I am not favour of replacing the Planning Commission by a new institution without a proper examination of the implications involved and in the absence of an institutional structure acceptable to all,” he said.
He said while everyone recognises that the country has come a long way and our economy has evolved and transformed over the last several decades, there is a need to carefully introspect whether there is requirement to enable reform and evolution of this institution to enable it to meet new challenges or to replace it entirely with a new institution.
The Chief Minister said the fact of the matter is that India is a country with huge inter-regional, inter-state and intra-state disparities.
The only way to close these gaps is through a planned process of public investment to address human and social development requirements, and by planning and investment in economic infrastructure of all kinds, he said.
“It is here that the role of the Planning Commission is crucial. We have to be careful not to arbitrarily jettison this role of the Commission. Besides, there is lack of clarity on the institutional reform necessary to meet the requirements of the new economy. We must consider very carefully,” he said.

Sahyadri College signs MoU with iWaveUpdated: December 7, 2014 19:11 IST
Sahyadri College signs MoU with iWave
Tweet
Sahyadri Colle of Engineering and Management signed an memorandum of understanding with iWave Systems Technologies pvt ltd.
Students who participated in the quiz and project exhibition competition for pre-university students organised by PA College of Engineering, Nadupadavu, with guests; (right) at the function where Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management signed an MoU with iWave Systems Technologies.
Students cleaning the campus of Mangalore University at Mangalagangothri.
K. Vinay Kumar, Karnataka Ratna Awardee for kho-kho, being felicitated at Mangalore University; (right) students cleaning the campus of Mangalore University at Mangalagangothri.
TOPICS
university
Quiz, project exhibition: PA College of Engineering, Nadupadavu, organised a quiz and project exhibition competition for pre-university students recently.
A total of 350 students from 28 Pre-University colleges from Mangalore and Kerala took part in the competitions. 36 teams participated in the project exhibition and 105 teams participated in the preliminary round of the quiz.
In the quiz competition, Lourdes Central School, Mangaluru, bagged the first place. Canara Pre-University College, Mangaluru, and M.G.M. Pre-University College, Udupi, won the second and third prizes respectively.
Expert Pre-University College bagged the first place for its Induction Motor in the project exhibition competition.
St. Philomena Pre-University College, Puttur, and Yenepoya Pre-University College won the second and third prizes respectively.
Chattanchal Higher Secondary School, Chhattanchal, Viveka P.U. College, Kota, and Poornaprajna P.U. College, Udupi, were awarded the judges’ special appreciation prize in the project competition.
MoU signed: Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management, Mangalore, signed a memorandum of understanding with iWave Systems Technologies for a joint collaborative programme for establishing an incubation centre for product development in embedded systems and advanced ARM-based embedded systems laboratory. They are for the benefit of students and teachers.
Abdullah Khan, president of iWave Systems Technologies, and Manjunath Bhandary, Chairman of Sahyadri Educational Institutions, were present on the occasion.
Felicitated: Mangalore University Vice-Chancellor K. Byrappa felicitated K. Vinay Kumar, Karnataka Ratna awardee for kho-kho, recently. He had won the third prize in the All-India men’s cross-country race recently. Speaking on the occasion Mr. Byrappa said that the university had been promoting sports activities.
Cleanliness campaign: Mangalore University conducted ‘Swachata abhiyan’ on its campus at Mangalagangotri recently.
Minister for Health and Family Welfare U.T. Khader launched it. Ganesh Karnik, MLC, said that research institutes and universities should come out with scientific methods of converting garbage into manure and safe disposal of waste.
Ivan D’Souza, MLC, said that in major cities people now have to pay tax for disposal of waste. People should ensure that it should not be extended to rural areas.

K taka CM opposes move to dismantle Planning CommissionK taka CM opposes move to dismantle Planning Commission
Chief Ministers at PMs meet favors the need to decentralise power and planningChief Ministers at PMs meet favors the need to decentralise power and planning
Sonia has to continue mentoring Rahul for Cong s revival: GogoiSonia has to continue mentoring Rahul for Cong s revival: Gogoi
Yuvraj scores 59 but Haryana bundle out Punjab for 273Yuvraj scores 59 but Haryana bundle out Punjab for 273
Planning Commission needs replacement: ModiPlanning Commission needs replacement: Modi
China exchanges get themselves connected© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/376b270e-7405-11e4-82a6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas tobacco monopoly fears curbsChina’s tobacco monopoly gasps over smoking curbs plan
Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/60863c10-7a2b-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

That  Copyright  Facebook Status Is Useless And Absurdreddit
Facebook does not own your photos. Facebook does not own the rights to your genius Facebook status updates.
If Facebook did own your intellectual property, guess what? Writing a status update declaring that the company doesn't own your intellectual property would be completely useless. So please Internet: Stop this madness!
As you probably know, many Facebookers are posting a notice claiming that Facebook owns their data, words, photos and videos. The status, widely copied and pasted, then goes on to forbid Facebook from using their stuff.
Facebook confirmed that this is a hoax in an email to The Huffington Post on Tuesday.
It looks something like this:
"There are so many things wrong with this notice, it’s hard to know where to start," Derek Bambauer, Professor of Law at the University of Arizona James E. Rogers College of Law told HuffPost via email on Tuesday.
The laws cited don't even make sense, according to Bambauer.  "It’s not clear what articles L.111, 112, and 113 of the 'code of intellectual property' are - Facebook’s [Terms of Service] operate under US law, where copyright is in Title 17 of the US Code," Bambauer said.
Everything you do on Facebook is guided by the site's Terms of Service, which is that long body of text you quickly "agree" to when signing up for Facebook. Here's what Facebook's Terms of Service say: "You own all of the content and information you post on Facebook, and you can control how it is shared through your privacy and application settings."
That's it. You own everything you post on Facebook. You do give Facebook " a license to use and display that content" when you post it on the site. Facebook is "using" your profile picture when it shows that picture to people as "someone they might know." That's not the same as giving Facebook the copyright, which would allow them to do whatever they wanted with the photo.
You can't change Facebook's Terms of Service with a status update. "You can’t unilaterally change those by posting a mashup of law-sounding words on your Timeline, in the same way you can’t unilaterally change your terms of employment by posting an announcement on your office door that you’ll only work 20 hours a week," Bambauer said.
This urban legend, as Bambauer calls it, has been around for years in different forms. People were posting statuses like this back in 2012 , and there's even a page on Snopes debunking it.
So don't post that status, even if you feel like it "can't hurt." It will make you look silly.
More:

Chinas anti-graft drive targets Sinopec© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f0cc6d0a-7b82-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Burger King s Canada Deal ApprovedBurger King's Canada Deal Approved
Posted:
Updated:
12/04/2014  6:59 pm EST
An employee assists a customer at the drive-through of a Burger King Worldwide Inc. restaurant in Peoria, Illinois, U.S., on Tuesday, Aug. 26, 2014. Burger King Worldwide Inc. agreed to acquire Tim Hortons Inc. for about C$12.5 billion ($11.4 billion) in a deal that creates the third-largest fast-food company and moves its headquarters to Canada. Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
TORONTO (AP) — Burger King Worldwide Inc.'s takeover of the Canadian coffee and doughnut shop chain Tim Hortons Inc. was approved by the Canadian government Thursday, bringing it one step closer to completion.
Burger King, which is based in Miami but controlled by a Brazilian private equity fund, agreed in August to buy Tim Hortons in a friendly cash-and-stock deal worth more than $10.5 billion (CA$12 billion). The merger of the two companies would create the world's third-largest quick service restaurant company, with more than 18,000 restaurants in 100 countries.
As part of the deal signed by Canada's Industry Minister James Moore, Burger King agreed to maintain the existing employment levels at Tim Hortons franchises across Canada and expand in the U.S. and globally faster than planned as part of the approval.
The combined company will establish its headquarters in Oakville, Ontario, where Tim Hortons is currently based, and "maintain significant employment levels" at the office.
Critics had warned the takeover could mean layoffs and cost-cutting for Tim Hortons. A study from the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives suggested the debt financing required could force Tim Hortons to lay off more than 700 employees.
The merged company will list on the Toronto Stock Exchange and Tim Hortons will remain a distinct chain from Burger King in the U.S. and Canada.
The deal still requires shareholder approval. Tim Hortons shareholders are expected to vote on the proposal at a special meeting on Dec. 9.
More:

China property set for demographic hitChina property market set for demographic hit
Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca218cbc-7c63-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Leniency expected from oil lendersLeniency expected from oil creditors amid fall in prices
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a75717f8-7c02-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Supply glut fears push oil lowerSupply glut fears push oil lower
Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4b5c9f08-7ca3-11e4-b944-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Blockbuster US data raise global hopesUS heads for best jobs growth year since 1999
Robin Harding in Washington and Michael MacKenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d41dff28-7c83-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xis crackdown fells former police chief© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28cbdcde-7ca2-11e4-b944-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China house prices fall for second monthChina house prices fall for second month
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b5685dc-6ed3-11e4-a65a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New U.S. military command established for Iraq and Syria operationsBy Dan Lamothe December 5 Follow @danlamothe
A formation of U.S. Navy F-18E Super Hornets leaves after receiving fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker over northern Iraq, September 23, 2014. These aircraft were part of a large coalition group that was the first to strike Islamic State targets in Syria. (U.S. Air Force photo by Staff Sgt. Shawn Nickel)
The U.S. military has established a new command that will oversee operations in both Iraq and Syria, military officials said Friday.
Combined Joint Task Force – Operation Inherent Resolve has taken charge of the mission in both countries. It is led by Army Lt. Gen. James L. Terry, the commanding general of U.S. Army Central. That organization oversees Army operations across the Middle East, including in Iraq.
Terry was expected to provide a briefing to the media on the changes on Friday morning at the Pentagon, but it was postponed as President Obama was announcing former deputy defense secretary Ashton B. Carter as his nominee to be the next secretary of defense around the same time. Terry is based in the Middle East, defense officials said, but they declined to say in which country. The United States has a military presence in the Iraqi cities of Baghdad and Irbil, and in neighboring Kuwait.
The military has provided few details about the new task force, but said in a news release Friday that it will replace U.S. Central Command as the organization releasing information about the mission.
The United States has launched hundreds of airstrikes in Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State in recent months. From Dec. 3 to Dec. 5, U.S. attack and bomber aircraft launched six airstrikes in Syria. The U.S., in conjunction with other countries, also launched 14 airstrikes in Iraq from Dec. 3 to Dec. 5 in Iraq, U.S. military officials said.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

More Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun JaitleyChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
New Delhi: Assuring India Inc of NDA's commitment to carry forward economic reforms, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government will come out with more steps to rationalise subsidies.
"I had a series of meeting with the Expenditure Management Commission. They are effectively working on some very valuable suggestions with regard to rationalisation of subsidies...
"In the next few, even months...may be earlier than that they will be able to come out with some interim recommendations to us so that we can proceed with rationalisation in that direction", Mr Jaitley said.
Recalling the government's decision to link the diesel prices with market price, the minister said that it would help in reducing the subsidy burden of the government.
Besides, the government has recently decided to give direct cash subsidy on pilot basis to LPG customers in select cities.
The Centre had set up a Commission under former RBI Governor Bimal Jalan to suggest steps to rationalise subsidy and help the government in effectively bringing down the fiscal deficit.
The government currently provides various kinds of subsidies which run into lakhs of crores of rupees. It was pegged at Rs 2.51 lakh crore for 2014-15.
Speaking at the conclave, Mr Jaitley expressed confidence that the government would be able to push the Insurance and the GST bills in the current session of Parliament.
On the government's views on a joint session of Parliament to push the bills as it does not have a majority in the Rajya Sabha, he said: "We don't want to use the last resort of a joint session for legislations. But if it becomes inevitable that's a constitutional remedy."
Story first published on: December 06, 2014 15:44 (IST)

Hyundai on a roll  gears up for product blitzkrieg in 2015Hyundai on a roll, gears up for product blitzkrieg in 2015
V Rishi Kumar
S. MURALIDHAR Going strong: New models from Hyundai, like the i20 elite, have been doing well
Sales expected to cross four lakh units this calendar year
December 5, 2014:  
 
Hyundai Motor Company is on a roll in India. As it gets set to close calendar 2014 with annual sales of over 400,000 units for the first time, the company is upbeat about prospects for 2015.
Its new models, the i10 Grand, Xcent and i20 Elite, have been doing well with Elite alone having received over 50,000 bookings. This kind of market response will ensure that domestic sales will inch close to 420,000 units by end-December. With good volumes coming in from new models, Hyundai’s market share here is poised to inch past the 17 per cent mark.
Expansion plans
Young Jin Ahn, Chief Coordinator, Sales & Marketing Division, says the company’s Chennai plant is functioning at 99.8 per cent capacity. With India’s automotive market projected to double to over five million units by 2020, Hyundai will need to consider expanding operations.
Whether this will happen in Chennai or a new facility elsewhere remains to be seen. As Ahn reiterates, any call to create new capacity will be taken by the parent company in Seoul. Hyundai will have to either cut down on exports to add volumes in the domestic market, or simply increase capacity at its existing facility. The export requirements can be handled by other units overseas as was the case not-so-long ago when Turkey took over from India to cater to the European market.
Ahn says Hyundai will launch the Elite crossover early next year. Crossovers from Volkswagen (Polo), Fiat (Avventura) and Toyota (Etios) have become popular and Elite will, likewise, target this emerging segment of buyers. Hyundai will then gear up for an all-new compact SUV, a segment which is gaining ground rapidly thanks to models like the Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster.
Fond farewell
The time has also come for Hyundai to bid adieu to the model that kicked off its India innings, the Santro. Launched in 1998, this compact car was the first serious rival to market leader, Maruti Suzuki.
The Santro caught the fancy of the market and Hyundai signalled its India intent.
This was something that not even a diehard optimist would have predicted for a largely unknown Korean auto brand way back in the 1990s. It was a carefully thought out strategy which involved launching the right product and roping in a celebrity like Shah Rukh Khan as brand ambassador.
The Santro has had a good run and Hyundai would clearly like to take the India story forward with new products with a focus on style and design. The entry-level Eon was the first part of this renewed strategy with the (new) i10, i20 and Xcent following suit.
Even though Hyundai had established its India presence with the Santro and Accent in the late-‘90s, there was a brief period when it seemed as if it had just slowed down a bit in India. Perhaps, this had to do with the fact that the Korean carmaker was now rapidly spreading its wings across the world.
Today, it is among the top six global automobile brands and along with subsidiary, Kia, keen on strengthening its presence.
India is clearly a region the company cannot ignore and this explains the recent flurry of launches which have hit the sweet spot. After all, this is the fastest growing car market after China. For the moment, Brazil and Russia have their own problems to deal with which leaves India as a particularly attractive opportunity for the likes of Hyundai which are no strangers to this part of the world.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

UK to establish naval base in the GulfLast updated: December 7, 2014 1:25 pm
Bahrain naval base will give UK stronger Gulf presence
Elizabeth Dickinson in Manama
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e630b90-7d3c-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rahul questions Modis Swachch Bharat  model village campaignsKanke, Ranchi, December 6, 2014
Updated: December 6, 2014 20:51 IST
Rahul questions Modi’s Swachch Bharat, model village campaigns
Anumeha Yadav
Tweet
PTI
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi waves to the crowd at an election rally ahead of third phase of Jharkhand Assembly elections at Kanke in Ranchi on Saturday.
PTI
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi addresses an election rally ahead of third phase of Jharkhand Assembly elections at Kanke in Ranchi on Saturday.
TOPICS
regional elections
Campaigning for the third phase of Assembly elections in Jharkhand, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi said that the National Democratic Alliance had failed to deliver on promises of achche din. In his address in a village on the outskirts of Ranchi, Mr. Gandhi attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s scheme for adoption of model villages by MPs and repeatedly referred to the Swachch Bharat campaign.
“The PM is visiting Australia, Nepal, and other foreign countries. He says he had to visit these countries to learn how farming should be done. In the meantime, aap jhadoo lagaaye (you may continue sweeping with brooms),” he said eliciting chuckles from the sparse crowd of a few thousands.
Mr. Gandhi made several references to laws passed during the UPA’s government tenure including MNREGA, Right to Information Act, Forest Rights Act, and criticised the Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana launched by Mr. Modi under which MPs will be required to coordinate functioning of existing rural development schemes in villages they choose in their constituencies. “There are 700 villages in Amethi, my constituency. I asked the District Magistrate, if I focus on one, what will happen in the other 699? I asked the DM, what is the budget for this? There is none, not a single additional rupee,” said Mr. Gandhi. The Congress will recognise and ensure a separate code for Sarna, an animistic religion, in the census practised by Jharkhand tribals, he added
The site of the rally falls in the centre of four Assembly constituencies Hatia, Ranchi, Kanke, Khijri, two of which — Ranchi and Kanke — are held by the BJP, Hatia by All Jharkhand Students’ Union, and Khijri has a Congress MLA at present. Elections for the four seats and 13 other seats are scheduled on December 9. Mr. Gandhi held a rally in Ramgarh as well. The party has 11 seats in the 81-member Assembly at present.
In its manifesto, the Congress has promised a separate code for Sarna, an animistic religion, practised by Jharkhand tribals. It has promised free television sets, free coaching for engineering and medical examinations for girls incorporated in the party manifesto, electrification under the Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidhutikaran Yojana (RGGVY) and replacement of over 9,000 transformers that have stopped functioning in villages.
Targets Modi over Uri terror attack
PTI adds:
In Ramgarh, Mr. Gandhi targeted Mr. Modi, saying terror activities had started in Jammu and Kashmir soon after the BJP came to power at the Centre.“We had our government for 10 years. Tourists used to come to J&K. There was peace. As soon as his (Mr. Modi’s) government came to power (at the Centre), terrorist activities started,” he said at an election rally in Ramgarh.
“Wherever he (Mr. Modi) goes during the elections, whether it is Maharashtra, Delhi or U.P., before the polls, there will surely be incidents of violence. He will ensure that one religion is pitted against another religion and then the election follows,” he said.
Earlier in Delhi, the Congress vice-president came out with a statement condoling the death of securitymen and civilians in the terror attacks, saying these “destabilising attempts need to be crushed with resolve”.
“I salute the martyrs of the armed and police forces and convey my deepest condolences to the families of the civilians killed in the deplorable and deliberate terror attacks in Jammu and Kashmir,” he said.
He further said that these destabilising attempts, being escalated from across the border in Pakistan, need to be crushed with resolve.
“And the Congress party stands firm with the people of the state and government agencies in their efforts to counter terror and terrorists,” Mr. Gandhi said.
At Ramgarh, Mr. Gandhi asked what happened to Mr. Modi’s claims in the run up to the Lok Sabha polls that he will show China and Pakistan (India’s strength) when he becomes Prime Minister.
Accusing Mr. Modi of making “false promises” of bringing back black money within 100 days of coming to power, he said the country is asking when the poor will get Rs. 15 lakh as declared by the BJP leader.

Five points from bumper US jobs reportFive takeaways from November’s bumper jobs report
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6105d7aa-7c91-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks and dollar gainStocks and dollar gain after US jobs data
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8f2d7e4-7c2d-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rescue mission for waterless MalAsian neighbours respond to Maldives water crisis
Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/90102418-7dd8-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

TCS  Infosys  4 Others Lose Rs 54 053 Crore in Market ValueYou are here: Home Corporates
TCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 07, 2014 14:15 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Weakness in the stock market resulted in six of the top 10 most valued companies losing Rs 54,053 crore in market valuation last week, with IT majors Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and Infosys taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, ONGC, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), Infosys, State Bank of India (SBI) and HDFC Bank saw a decline in their market capitalisation (M-Cap) for the week ended December 5, ITC, Coal India Ltd (CIL), ICICI Bank and Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) made gains.
The M-Cap of TCS tumbled by Rs 12,663.17 crore to reach Rs 5,05,048.22 crore. Rival Infosys' valuation plunged by Rs 12,624.58 crore, to Rs 2,37,699.32 crore.
ONGC's market cap tanked by Rs 11,678.24 crore and was at Rs 3,13,002.61 crore, while RIL lost Rs 10,698.27 crore in market value, taking its M-Cap to Rs 3,09,822.54 crore.
Similarly, HDFC Bank's valuation dipped by Rs 3,551.75 crore to Rs 2,27,771.10 crore while SBI lost Rs 2,836.98 crore in M-Cap to Rs 2,37,148.94 crore.
On the other hand, the M-Cap of ITC surged by Rs 22,722.38 crore to Rs 3,12,642.30 crore while that oof HUL gained by Rs 7,218.56 crore to Rs 1,77,371.56 crore.
ICICI Bank's valuation rose by Rs 4,979.57 crore to reach Rs 2,08,109.93 crore while CIL added Rs 1,073.78 crore in its market valuation, taking its M-Cap to Rs 2,25,146.81 crore.
In the ranking of top 10 firms, TCS stood at the top, followed by ONGC, ITC, RIL, Infosys, SBI, HDFC Bank, CIL, ICICI Bank and HUL.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex fell by 235.89 points, or 0.82 per cent, to conclude at 28,458.10.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 14:12 (IST)

Govt working on  as big reforms as we need : Aditya Puri  HDFC BankBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Confident about India returning to 7 per cent growth path, top banker Aditya Puri has said that the government was serious about big economic reforms and “the proof of the pudding” will be pick-up in investments.
Puri, who heads the country’s most valued private sector lender HDFC Bank, said the new government has already removed the governance roadblocks that were stifling India’s true economic potential and it was working on “as big reforms as we possibly need”.
He also justified the prevalent exuberance about the India story, saying it was very much real and he would rather be ‘double exuberant’.
“We have got the right ingredients, we got the right government. We have identified the areas we want to work on and the government and business are collaborating. Why shouldn’t everybody be positive about India? I am very positive,” Puri told PTI in an interview here.
“Where is the question of tempering exuberance? I want to double the exuberance. Its absolutely for real,” he added.
Puri, Managing Director of HDFC Bank, said India’s economic growth rate was already among the highest in the world, while problems arising from a high current account deficit, a nagging problem of the past two years, has also been resolved.
“Other positives include control on the high fiscal deficit, which had led to some international rating agencies to threaten a rating downgrade, and a benign interest rate environment which will encourage investment,” he added.
Puri stated that such positives are attracting investors from abroad, helping the benchmark Sensex gain over 42 per cent since February to log new highs, and these factors should comfort us as well.
Puri, who has been confident about fundamentals being intact when when economic growth rate slipped below 5 per cent mark, said the formation of a stable government has added to the “always strong fundamentals”.
“What I was saying was our fundamentals are intact. There were issues of governance which were creating some roadblocks to our true potential. The fundamentals are still intact, and we are removing all roadblocks that were there and so my exuberance will only double,” Puri said.
Asked about big-ticket reform measures required in India, Puri said the government has taken decisions or shown progress on a number of fronts, such as Land Acquisition, Mineral Resources, Goods and Services Tax, Labour Reforms, Direct Benefit Transfer and Centre-State relations.
“These are as big reforms as we possibly need,” he said, while adding that “the proof of the pudding” will be when the investment picks up.
“Even without that, with only administrative efficiencies, the GDP growth rate will inch up to the 6 per cent mark and once the investment does pick up, we will reach the seven per cent GDP growth mark,” he said.
For two consecutive years, India has seen below 5 per cent GDP growth and many industry leaders had blamed a “policy paralysis” like situation and certain judicial decisions for this slowdown. However, the growth rate has begun to pick up and stood at 5.5 per cent growth in the first half of the current fiscal.
Puri, whose bank was last month allowed to raise foreign investment limit to 74 per cent from 49 per cent, also said that the government’s decision to allow banks to raise long term bonds for infrastructure lending, with a relaxation on the mandatory reserve requirements, were testimonies of the positive attitude of the Government.
TAGS: Aditya Puri Economic Reforms HDFC
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Uber driver faces India sex assault claimsUber under fire in India after driver accused of sexual assault
Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f247ed5c-7de5-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fall in oil threatens high-yield bonds© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8dd2aeae-7a32-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indonesias ecommerce industry awakensIndonesia’s ecommerce industry awakens
By Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bc234dc4-9903-11e3-a32f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber cab rape case: Police carry out raids in UP  announce reward for info on accusedComments
The Uber cab driver accused of raping a 25-year-old financial analyst in Delhi was arrested from his home town Mathura on Sunday, as the US online taxi-booking service faced several questions over lack of security checks.
Activists from All India Students Association (AISA) shout slogans against Delhi Police, protesting the rape of a woman by a cab driver, in New Delhi on Sunday. (Sonu Mehta/ HT photo)
Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, was nabbed by a joint team of the Delhi and Mathura police from the temple town in Uttar Pradesh where his car was found abandoned a day earlier.
He would be produced before a court in the Capital on Monday, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (north), said.
Yadav allegedly assaulted a 25-year-old woman MNC employee in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla late Friday night. The woman hailed a ride with him via Uber, which has launched an aggressive international expansion.
The alleged rape, reported days before the second anniversary of the brutal gangrape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in a moving bus in the Capital in December 2012, could have Uber facing legal action.
The San Francisco-based firm failed to run a background check on Yadav, also the car owner, and the vehicle was without a satellite tracking device, the police said. The address he gave to Uber was fake.
Police served a notice on the firm, asking it to join the investigation. “Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we’ll go for legal recourse,” Verma said. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case, he added.
The cab service initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
This made it difficult for the police initially. The breakthrough came after around 12 police teams carried out raids in different parts of UP, especially around Mathura, 160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi where the crime took place.
Laxmi Singh, deputy inspector general for Agra Range, said, "Police in Mathura, in coordination with the Delhi Police, were looking for the accused, who was finally arrested on Sunday evening from Meera Mohan Colony under Highway police station."
The driver had locked himself in a house to dodge the police teams chasing him, Deepak Mishra, special commissioner of Delhi Police (law and order), said.
The arrest came barely 30 minutes after the Delhi Police announced a reward of Rs. 1 lakh for information leading to Yadav.
Uber faces the heat
Uber has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the US.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokesperson.
But, it took the Delhi Police almost eight hours to trace Uber’s office in Gurgaon though the victim had provided them a picture of the car’s number plate she clicked on her phone.
Investigators found the Uber office locked, police said. The supervisor, they said, had little information about Yadav.
“The iPhone that was provided to him by Uber to track his location was switched off,” a senior investigating officer said. The SIM card of the phone was registered in the name of another driver, Gaurav, who told them that Yadav was a native of Mathura, the officer said.
Crime capital
The rape victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, told police she boarded the Uber cab at 9.30pm from south Delhi's Vasant Vihar, where she had gone for a party with friends.
She was raped at an isolated place between Sarai Rohilla and Inderlok, police said, adding the cabbie threatened to kill and sexually assault her with a rod if she resisted him. He dropped her home after the attack.
The cabbie even gave her a missed call from his mobile phone, police added.
According to her complaint, the woman had gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7pm. One of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat only to wake up and find that the car had stopped at a secluded spot.
The car doors were locked. When she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed and sexually assaulted her, police said.
"The woman clicked a photograph of the car's number plate and then made a PCR call to report the incident," police added.
The incident comes at a time when the Capital is under a high-security alert following threats of a sensational terror attack by Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Vehicle checks have been stepped up across the city and anti-sabotage barricades put in place ahead of US President Barack Obama's Republic Day visit to India.
Protests erupt
Dozens of students scuffled with officers on Sunday as they tried to enter police headquarters in New Delhi to protest the rising incidents of rape in the Capital.
"I am here to protest the irregularities and failure of the state machinery, which refuses to acknowledge that rapes happen due to their failure," said Urvashi Joshi, one of the demonstrators.
The protesters, from the All India Students Association, dispersed after an hour-long demonstration.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said the guilty should be booked immediately.
 
"The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future.
 
"This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government," Lalani said.
(With agency inputs)

China launches satellite using 200th Long MarchYou are here: Home > Collections
China launches satellite using 200th Long March carrier rocket
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 06.30PM IST
Tags:
CBERS
(The 200th launch of a Long…)
BEIJING: China's aging 'Long March' carrier rockets today touched the 200th landmark after its upgraded version successfully put a multi-purpose satellite into an orbit, setting a better safety record than Russia and the US.
The 200th launch of a Long March rocket occurred today when China successfully put the CBERS-4 satellite using a Long March-4B rocket.
CBERS-4 is jointly developed by China and Brazil. It is the fifth satellite of the Chinese-Brazilian Earth Resource Satellite ( CBERS ) programme which began in 1988.
In November 2002, the governments of China and Brazil decided to expand the initial agreement by including another two satellites - CBERS-3, lost in a launch mishap in December 2013, and CBERS-4 - as the second generation of the Sino-Brazilian cooperation effort.
CBERS-4 satellite can be used for monitoring, planning and management of land, forestry, water conservancy, environmental protection and agriculture.
The first satellite of the programme, CBERS-1, was launched in October 1999 with the second and third, CBERS-2 and CBERS-2B, launched in 2003 and 2007.
There is an agreement to build CBERS-5, which is expected to be launched in 2017, state-run Xinhua News Agency reported.
Today's mission was the 200th flight of the Long March carrier rocket family since April 24, 1970 when a Long March-1 successfully carried China's first satellite, Dongfanghong-1, into space.
China started work on carrier rockets in 1956. Long March rockets have since become the main carriers for satellite and spacecraft launches, taking more than 250 into space.
Lei Fanpei, Chairman of China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation (CASC), the main contractor for the space programmes, told Xinhua that the Long March rockets will make at least another 100 launches in the next seven years.
There were seven failures in the first 100 launches. In the second 100 launches since 2007, there were just two failures, a safety record that is better than those of the US and Russia, Lei said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Allow asylum seekers to work: German businessBDA
(In industries with labour…)
BERLIN: German business would like to see asylum seekers given quicker access to the jobs market, saying they could benefit Europe's top economy, industry leaders said Sunday.
The president of the German Chambers of Commerce and Industry , Eric Schweitzer , told the Welt am Sonntag newspaper that asylum seekers deserved "future prospects" in Germany, calling them a "great opportunity" for the country's economy.
Under a recent reform, asylum seekers are able to to seek work after three months in the country.
In industries with labour shortages, a requirement that companies first attempt to hire German citizens before taking on asylum seekers can be waived.
In other sectors, the requirement applies during the asylum seeker's first 15 months in the country.
However business leaders said the new policies do not go far enough. The head of the BDA employers' federation, Ingo Kramer, told Welt am Sonntag it would be "sensible" to allow asylum seekers to be hired without restrictions after six months in Germany.
The Federal Office for Migration and Refugees said Saturday that Germany expects 230,000 asylum seekers in 2015, up from a predicted 200,000 this year.
Fighting in Syria , Iraq and Afghanistan has caused the surge. The German unemployment rate came in at 6.6 percent in November, the lowest level since national reunification in 1990, and many industries complain that a lack of skilled workers is hobbling their potential growth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Even Manmohan Wanted To Revamp Plan Panel: ModiEven Manmohan Wanted To Revamp Plan Panel: Modi
Delhi cab rape: Uber s image takes big hit  it s not  safest ride in the worldUber's image takes big hit, it's not 'safest ride in the world'
Pranav Dixit , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 12:44 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:17 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
On its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the "safest rides in the world" by "setting the strictest safety standards possible."
The Uber smartphone app, used to book taxis using its service, is pictured over a parking lot. (AFP photo)
But it's unclear what Uber does to ensure the safety of passengers in India. The company's website provides no country-specific information.
When contacted, Uber provided Hindustan Times with a boilerplate statement, which says that it works with "licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform."
Online cab companies drop the ball on key safety feature
It's unclear who these partners are and whether Uber does any background checks or police verification on the drivers it employs in India.
As a passenger, this is troubling. When you take an Uber, your driver knows your full name, your phone number and exactly where you live.
Unlike radio taxi services like Meru, which employ standalone GPS systems in their cars, Uber relies solely on the built-in GPS on the smartphones it provides to its drivers. This means that going off the grid is as simple as turning off the phone."
At least in the case where a woman executive in Delhi was raped allegedly by a Uber cab driver , police have confirmed that there was no mandatory verification done before hiring him.
The accused is still on the run and the police could not access his call records as the server is located in the US.
Uber, which just closed a second billion-dollar-plus round of funding this year, and is now valued at more than $40 billion, has always shrugged off responsibility by maintaining that it is not a car company but a technology company: it owns no vehicles, only software, and is thus simply a platform that brings drivers and people who want to be driven together.
Uber's controversial record in the US
In the United States, Uber has a three-step criminal background screening process with county, federal and multi-state checks that go back seven years. The company also requires users to rate every driver after a ride and provide feedback, which, it insists, is anonymous. Drivers that consistently rate low are terminated.
Despite these safeguards, there have been multiple incidents of Uber drivers sexually assaulting passengers . In 2013, an Uber driver in Washington DC was arrested for allegedly raping a 20-year-old passenger though there were no charges pressed. In April this year, an Uber driver in Chicago was charged for fondling a customer.
In the United States, Uber tacked on a $1 "Safe Rides Fee" to its UberX fare earlier this year.
On its blog, Uber says: This fee supports the increased costs associated with our continued efforts to ensure the safest platform for Uber riders and drivers. Those include Federal, state and local background checks, regular motor vehicle screenings, driver safety education, current and future development of safety features in the app, and more. In the US, the Safe Rides Fee is always $1 USD. In Canada, it is $1 CAD.

Urban shame: Outrage on Twitter over Delhi cab rape— Karan Johar (@karanjohar) December 7, 2014
The Uber incident should be a good reminder that we can't outsource public safety to private companies. Make public transport safe.
— Rohan Venkat (@RohanV) December 7, 2014
"Today it's Uber, tomorrow it'll be some other service or place. We plug gaps while rapists just move on to their next violation of trust," AIB member Rohan (@mojorojo) tweeted.
Today it's Uber, tomorrow it'll be some other service or place. We plug gaps while rapists just move on to their next violation of trust
— Rohan (@mojorojo) December 7, 2014
The reports and tweets coming out of India found resonance among cab users in other countries, especially since Uber has been involved in a few controversies in the US recently.
But some of those who responded on Twitter focussed on how Delhi and other cities in the country are still unsafe for working women.
"Crime of Rape committed by driver of Uber Cab may not b his first.Due diligence could have prevented it! Appears to be a repeat offender (sic)," tweeted Kiran Bedi.
Crime of Rape committed by driver of Uber Cab may not b his first.Due diligence could have prevented it! Appears to be a repeat offender..
— Kiran Bedi (@thekiranbedi) December 7, 2014
It is not about uber it is about the mindset of the people of our society who still believe that woman is not more than an object... #Uber
— Sera Banerjee (@sera_banerjee) December 7, 2014
Fixating on Uber distracts from the point that women are unsafe on their way to and from school, work, home, in buses, in cabs, on foot.
— Nishita Jha (@NishSwish) December 7, 2014
Recalling the December 16 Delhi gangrape, people pointed out on how Delhi has been shamed again and no lessons have been learnt.
"All of Delhi came out on streets to demand security for women 2 years back. Why haven't we made any fwd movt in two years?", Aam Aadmi Party leader Atishi Marlena tweeted.
All of Delhi came out on streets to demand security for women 2 years back. Why haven't we made any fwd movt in two years? #DelhiShamedAgain
— Atishi Marlena (@AtishiMarlena) December 7, 2014
With all security measures; Gprs monitoring; nirbhaya safeguards; awareness etc how can such dastardly rapes in cabs occur
— Abhishek Singhvi (@DrAMSinghvi) December 7, 2014
Friday's incident has put the high profile cab service provider Uber, which claims to offer the "safest rides in the world", in a spot.
In a statement to HT, Uber said that it works with "licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform."
While some pointed out lapses in policing, others said the laws are still not strict enough to deter crimes against women.
Overall, the concern most of them expressed was: How safe are our cities for women?

J&K polls: BJP misleading about number of people to attend PM s rally  says Ghulam Nabi AzadPress Trust of India | Dec 07, 2014 at  06:55pm IST
Srinagar: A day ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's maiden rally in Kashmir on Monday, Congress on Sunday accused BJP of "misleading" everyone on the number of people expected to attend the event. Senior Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad said BJP should stop misleading people about the number of people expected to attend Prime Minister Narendra Modi's maiden election rally in Kashmir on Monday.
The venue chosen by BJP for Modi's rally in Srinagar has a seating capacity of 4,500 to 5,000 persons only, said the former Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister. "I want to tell the electronic and print media in Kashmir to wake up. The stadium they have chosen (for the rally) has a capacity of 4,500. The stage for the Prime Minister and the 'D' (for security cover) will take (out) 1,500 capacity. Then they are left with 2,500.
"If BJP sees 1 lakh in 2,500, that kind of spectacles have not been made in the world yet. Where will the 1 lakh people come in? Please do not mislead the people," the Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha told reporters after an election rally in Sopore area of Baramullah district. The Prime Minister is scheduled to address an election rally at the Sher-e-Kashmir Stadium here tomorrow and the state BJP leaders are hopeful of putting up a strong show.
Senior Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad said BJP should stop misleading people about the number of people expected to attend Prime Minister Narendra Modi's maiden election rally in Kashmir on Monday.
Azad also accused BJP of misleading people on abrogation of Article 370 of the Constitution, which guarantees special status to Jammu and Kashmir. "BJP is misleading the world. They misled the world on Article 370," he said. To a question about National Conference candidate from Baramulla Ghulam Hassan Rahi terming the calls for boycott of elections in the state a "democratic" process, Azad said Omar
Abdullah should expel him from the party. "If Omar Abdullah had been wise, he should have expelled him from the party. I regret that he (Omar) has not expelled him (Rahi) from the party yet," he said.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Centre financially burdening states  says Akhilesh YadavDec 07, 2014 at 06:41pm IST
Centre financially burdening states, says Akhilesh Yadav
17
0
New Delhi: Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday hit out at the Centre for financially "burdening" states by executing schemes which come under the State List, saying such programmes were putting the resources of the state governments under undue pressure. He also said the practice of 'one size fits all' should be discarded by the new body which takes over the role of the Planning Commission as without a flexible policy, the states with differing needs cannot develop.
Yadav said the contribution made by the Planning Commission in "challenging" times cannot be ignored. "We have to incorporate changes based on experience gained over a period of time," he said, referring to the revamp of the plan panel.
Addressing a meet of Chief Ministers convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on replacing the Planning Commission, he said that it would have been "more beneficial" had the issue of the plan panel discussed with the states and their opinions, views were taken into account before the PM interacted with the CMs.
Akhilesh Yadav said the contribution made by the Planning Commission in "challenging" times cannot be ignored.
#akhilesh yadav #narendra modi #planning commission #uttar pradesh
He said that the states were being "financially burdened" as the Centre was executing schemes which come under the State List in the Constitution. "These programmes," the Chief Minister rued, "are exerting undue pressure on the finances of the states and in some cases states find themselves helpless."
Yadav stressed on the need of allowing "full freedom" to the states for executing projects as per their requirements There should be threadbare consultations with the state governments at political and official levels before the five-year plans are given final shape, he said.
The Chief Minister also said that the issues of the states should be addressed by the Planning Commission or the new body within specified timelines, noting that the role played by the plan panel as an innovation and knowledge hub could be the focal point for the states.
Underlining the need of providing resources for study and research to obliterate problems faced in development of the states, Yadav suggested that the representation of the states should be enhanced on the one hand, while on the other the Centre should also make efforts to provide knowledge, research and financial aiding to achieve the targets of the ready road map and meeting of the development indices.
He sought that 50 per cent of the central plan outlay budget be provided to the states as one-time amount so that the states could implement their projects by keeping in mind local needs and priorities.
The efficacy of the fund utilisation should be done by keeping long-term targets in mind, he said. Yadav said the documents presented by the states at the meeting of the National Development Council should not be put in the archives as they carry the "pains" of the Chief Ministers.
0

JDU for separate ministry to preserve the HimalayasDec 07, 2014 at 06:29pm IST
JDU for separate ministry to preserve the Himalayas
13
0
New Delhi: Stressing that hydropower projects in the Himalayan region will damage the fragile environment of the hills, JD(U) on Sunday demanded a separate ministry and a policy for the Himalayas.
JD(U) president Sharad Yadav slammed the government for not releasing the Chopra Committee report, which was constituted after Uttarakhand flash floods and attempting to neutralise the findings of the report.
"As many as 450 hydropower projects have been proposed on the Ganga river and its tributaries in Uttarakhand. Besides, the implementation of these projects, the consequent deforestation, mining, blasting, movement of heavy machinery and other activities destruct the environment," he said.
JD(U) president Sharad Yadav slammed the government for not releasing the Chopra Committee report.
#jdu #sharad yadav #himalaya #uttarakhand
Briefing reporters, Yadav stressed for a separate ministry and a policy for Himalayas. "There should be a separate for ministry for the Himalayas. There must be a policy for Himalayas. If the Himalayas are not protected, then the nation cannot be saved," he said.
0

Gurgaon rape: Accused cab driver arrested from hometown7
0
Mathura: In a major breakthrough, police have arrested the Uber cab driver who has been accused of raping a 25-year-old woman in Delhi on Friday night. Delhi Police traced down the accused to his hometown Mathura, from where the vehicle used in the crime was also impounded.
"Prime accused in this case has been arrested. He will be produced in the court tomorrow," DCP North Madhur Varma told CNN-IBN.
"The accused was living in a rented premise in Mathura. His house was locked, he was living there for more than an year. He owns a car. He was picked up half an hour ago and handed over to Delhi Police," Laxmi Singh, DIG, Agra Range told  CNN-IBN.
#uber cab #rape #crime against women #mathura
"He had fled to his native place. His number was traced from there and he was picked up based on the location of his mobile number. As of now, he does not have a history of criminal activities. He was running a cab service. We had got inputs from Delhi. We traced the car from toll tax he paid. From the car number we traced his place and then his mobile number was traced. Based on the mobile number he was picked up," Singh added.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, is being brought to Delhi for further investigation.
The crime was allegedly committed on Friday evening when the victim was returning home after a dinner. She had taken a Uber cab and fell asleep during the journey. Yadav reportedly took her to an isolated place an raped her. The victim had managed to take a photograph of the vehicle's number plate which helped the police in making a lead in the investigation.
According to the police, neither the driver was verified nor the cab had a GPS tracker.
The police have also issued a notice to Uber, a US-based cab service provider, under section 161 CrPC to join investigation in the case. The company has issued a statement, saying that it was providing all help to the police in the investigation.
"Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver's account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done. "Safety is Uber's highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform," said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokeswoman.
The driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was an Smartphone App which he exited after the incident, the police said.
(With inputs from PTI)

DARTON GROUP Consulting ranks number 11 on the Charlotte Business Journal s sixth annual Fast 50DARTON GROUP Consulting ranks number 11 on the Charlotte Business Journal s sixth annual Fast 50
Australian banks advised to boost capitalAustralian banks urged to boost capital holdings
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/44012108-7dbf-11e4-bb0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rahul Gandhi believes in politics to oppose without issues: Union minister Giriraj SinghWritten by Raakhi Jagga | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 7, 2014 7:18 pm
Reacting on the statement of AICC Vice-President Rahul Gandhi that terrorist activities had started in J&K after NDA Government came in power, Union minister of micro small and medium enterprises (MSME) Giriraj Singh said that Rahul had no issue to talk about and he was doing politics to oppose.
The minister was in Ludhiana to attend meetings arranged by industrial organizations and he stated that Rahul Gandhi was having no issue and hence was giving such statements. Singh stated that BJP will gain majority in Jharkhand as well as Jammu and Kashmir. He said, “this time Ballot will win in J&K and not bullet. The poll results will make it clear.”
He came Saturday night to Ludhiana to be part of a meeting organized by Chamber of Industrial and Commercial Undertakings (CICU) and Sunday morning he also met members of Federation of Industrial and commercial organization (FICO). Giriraj Singh stated that PM Narendra Modi was worried about the drug addiction problem in Punjab which was making youth as their target. He stated that Punjab needed to come out of this problem.
Later the minister asked the industrialists to give him a paper regarding their demands so that he can act upon them.
Avtar Singh, President of CICU and Gurmeet Singh Kular, President of FICO in separate meetings told the minister that imported bicycle parts from China were affecting the small units and were raising questions over Government’s slogan ‘Make in India’. Minister agreed over this issue, but gave no commitment as what he will do to tackle it.
Make in India is not a slogan but emotion:
He told the industrialists that Make in India was not just a slogan but an ‘emotion’ for the Government and he stated that Ludhiana cannot be ignored while working on this slogan.
Meeting with BJP beopar cell:
He also had a meeting with BJP beopar cell late in the afternoon where he asked the leaders to stay in touch with the industrial associations and convey their demands to him which were under the preview of his ministry.
No differences with SAD:
The Minister stated that BJP was going strong with SAD and had no differences, as being projected. He stated that the alliance will run smoothly even in the coming years as well.

Taj Mahal part of ancient temple  claims UP BJP chief Laxmi Kant BajpaiBy: Press Trust of India | Bahraich |
Posted: December 7, 2014 7:12 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 6:57 pm
After Azam Khan’s demand of handing over the Taj Mahal to UP Waqf Board, the state’s BJP chief Laxmi Kant Bajpai on Sunday sought to drag the famed mausoleum into another row by claiming that it was a part of an ancient temple.
Bajpai told reporters in Bahraich that Mughal emperor Shah Jahan “purchased a part of Tejo Mahalaya temple’s land from Raja Jai Singh” and claimed that documents to prove it still exist.
He also alleged that “Azam Khan has usurped property of Waqf and was now eyeing the world heritage Taj Mahal.” “Azam’s dream to offer namaz five times at Taj will never be fulfilled,” he said.
On November 13, Khan had said that the Taj Mahal, one of the wonders of the world, should be declared a property of the state’s Waqf Board.
Khan, during a convention of ‘mutawallis’ (caretakers) asked chairman of State Sunni Central Waqf Board to make Taj Mahal a property of the board and appoint him as ‘mutwalli’.
Though, later, when reporters asked Azam about his controversial statement, he said,”why you take things said in a lighter vein so seriously.”
However, spokesman of All India Shia Personal Law Board, Maulana Yasoob Abbas, said, “As far as Mumtaz Mahal is concerned, she was a Shia, but Taj Mahal is heritage of the country and it should not be handed over to Sunni or Shia boards.”
“Shia and Sunni boards are unable to maintain their mosques and madrasas then how will they handle Taj Mahal.
If the issue of handing Taj Mahal to the waqf board is raised then Shia and Sunni will come face to face, therefore it should be kept away from the tussle,” he added.

Assam CM Tarun Gogoi opposes move to scrap Planning CommissionBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 7:06 pm
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, a Congress veteran, on Sunday opposed the move to scrap the Planning Commission, saying replacing it without carefully devising a new structure was likely to do more harm than good.
“Perhaps, what is required is to reorient and reform the Commission to meet the needs of the current era. I would like to emphasise that such replacement, without carefully devising the new structure to meet the obligations of our polity and economy, is likely to do more harm than good,” he said.
Gogoi was addressing the conference of Chief Ministers convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss the future of the plan panel.
“Let me put it on record that I am not favour of replacing the Planning Commission by a new institution without a proper examination of the implications involved and in the absence of an institutional structure acceptable to all,” he said.
He said while everyone recognises that the country has come a long way and our economy has evolved and transformed over the last several decades, there is a need to carefully introspect whether there is requirement to enable reform and evolution of this institution to enable it to meet new challenges or to replace it entirely with a new institution.
The Chief Minister said the fact of the matter is that India is a country with huge inter-regional, inter-state and intra-state disparities.
The only way to close these gaps is through a planned process of public investment to address human and social development requirements, and by planning and investment in economic infrastructure of all kinds, he said.
“It is here that the role of the Planning Commission is crucial. We have to be careful not to arbitrarily jettison this role of the Commission. Besides, there is lack of clarity on the institutional reform necessary to meet the requirements of the new economy. We must consider very carefully,” he said.

Oil Ministry May Dip Into Reliance Industries Incremental Gas Price Hike Revenue AccountYou are here: Home Corporates
Oil Ministry May Dip Into Reliance Industries Incremental Gas Price Hike Revenue Account
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 07, 2014 19:51 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: The government may dip into Reliance Industries Ltd's incremental gas price hike revenue, accruing in a pool account, to recover its dues in the wake of the contractor failing to meet certain KG-D6 output targets.
While announcing a 33 per cent hike in natural gas price to $5.61, the government had on October 17 said that RIL will continue to get the old rate of $4.2 for the main D1&D3 gas field in KG-D6 block. The incremental $1.41 per unit will go into a gas pool account, managed by GAIL India, till the dispute over fall in output is settled.
In its gas price hike proposal, the Oil Ministry, however, also proposed to the Cabinet to use the revenue accruing into this account to recoup $195.341 million of additional 'profit petroleum', informed sources said.
The ministry says this is the additional profit petroleum that the contractor is liable to pay to government, after $2.376 billion out of $10.441 billion cost incurred on KG-D6 fields was disallowed because of output from D1 and D3 fields not meeting the targets in past four years.
RIL and its partners disputed the cost disallowance, saying the output falling to less than a tenth of planned 80 million standard cubic meters per day was because of geological complexities and the signed contract does not provide for such cost disallowance.
An arbitration was subsequently initiated in the matter.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan told Parliament in July that his ministry has instructed GAIL and Chennai Petroleum Corp Ltd (CPCL) to deduct the profit petroleum due to government from the money they pay to RIL for buying gas and crude oil from KG-D6 block respectively.
They, however, expressed inability to do so because GAIL had not been buying gas since June 2013 and CPCL lost on a tender to buy oil in April this year, sources said.
Mr Pradhan last week told Rajya Sabha that the possible alternatives for effecting the recovery of additional profit petroleum from the contractor were being worked out.
The ministry now plans to recover the dues from the gas pool account, sources said.
The gas pool account, where about $4 million accrues every fortnight, started functioning last month when first bill at revised gas price was raised.
Sources said the ministry may wait for the account to swell to at least $20-25 million before dipping into it.
No operational details of the gas pool account have so far been announced.
RIL and its partners - UK-based BP plc and Canada's Niko Resources - want the money accruing to them in the account to be paid with market interest rate if and when they win the arbitration.
However, with the accruals being used to settle profit dues, it remains to be seen if the government will dip into its budget to pay for the due sum along with interest, they said.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 18:16 (IST)

PlanComm: Consensus on changes; Cong opposes dismantlingPlanComm: Consensus on changes; Cong opposes dismantling
Modi seeks to replace central planning with  Team IndiaModi seeks to replace central planning with  Team India
Precision Wires IndiaCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Bill O Reilly: Eric Garner  Didn t Deserve Thatreddit
After rolling footage of Eric Garner being choked to death by NYPD Officer Daniel Pantaleo, Bill O'Reilly responded Wednesday night with a deep, uncharacteristic sigh.
Though O'Reilly made sure to point out that he did not have all the facts in the case, following a grand jury's decision not to indict Pantaleo , and mass protests in New York City , the Fox News host was at least firm in his belief that Garner did not deserve the fate that befell him.
"[Garner] should not have resisted, but all Americans, every one of us, should pity Mr. Garner and his family," O'Reilly said, adding that he was "extremely troubled" by the video and would have loosened his grip after hearing Garner say he couldn't breathe. "He did not deserve what happened to him. And I think Officer Pantaleo and every other American police officer -- every one -- would agree with me. He didn't deserve that."
H/T Mediaite
More:

Vishal Sikka s New Mantra for Infosys Wows AnalystsSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Infosys organised an investor meet at its Pune campus on Thursday, where analysts who track the company got a chance to speak to CEO Vishal Sikka and get an insight into the thinking of the new management.
This was the first analyst meet the 47-year old Dr Sikka addressed since taking over as CEO on August 1 and he did not fail to make a mark, it seems. "What stood out was the positive body language of the new management versus the cautious optimism of the promoter managers preceding them," said Girish Pai, head of research at domestic brokerage Nirmal Bang.
Global brokerage CLSA also sounded optimistic and said, "We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital."
Dr Sikka reiterated his "New+Renew" theme, which involves renewing Infosys' core business (consulting, BPM, infrastructure management, ADM, Finacle, etc.) and innovating into new businesses such as design thinking, Infosys Info Platform and startups.
Analysts say winds of change are clearly visible at India's number two outsourcer under Dr Sikka. Here are the key bits the management shared with analysts:
1) Acquisition: Infosys, which has been criticised for not being aggressive with acquisitions, will focus on acquiring companies with newer technologies in the areas of automation/artificial intelligence/collaboration/Internet of things/design/select geographic markets, the management indicated to Nirmal Bang. The company is sitting on cash reserves of Rs 28,432 crore as on September 30, 2014.
2) Attrition: Higher staff compensation, more promotions and training, better quality of work, better morale etc. are ways through which Infosys is trying to curtail industry-leading attrition, the company told analysts. Infosys is committing a high level of investment into re-skilling its entire work force to address the opportunity in the new market place, Dr Sikka indicated. The sales team has also been expanded significantly and being re-skilled, he added.
3) Industry leading growth rates: Dr Sikka indicated that Infosys has the potential to grow at a CAGR of 15 to 18 per cent in the long run with a 25 to 28 per cent EBIT margin. To return to a high growth path, Infosys will have to become a next- generation services company, he added. It is currently growing at around 9 per cent, while its margins are around 25 per cent.
4) Client engagement: Infosys is conducting design-thinking workshops with clients to identify problems and to find solutions in a bid to move up the value chain, Dr Sikka said. The project sizes are small currently, but has led to deeper engagement with customers and should help Infosys get a greater share of the customer wallet going forward, Nirmal Bang said.
5) New technologies: Infosys will ignite new growth engines from new technologies like social, mobility, analytics and cloud, the company told CLSA. Infosys has also seen increasing efficiencies in traditional verticals like financial and manufacturing, the company added.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 14:01 (IST)

Ghetto policing spreads to US suburbs© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12546b52-7c92-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CEO carousel gains paceBusy times at the top as the CEO carousel gains pace
By Brooke Masters in London
Churn in the C-suite is reaching levels not seen in the US and the UK since the financial crisis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4c51d78-7639-11e4-a777-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Credit Card Declined It Could be One of These 8 ReasonsYou are here: Home Your Money
Credit Card Declined? It Could be One of These 8 Reasons
Creditvidya.com | Updated On: December 06, 2014 12:03 (IST)
Salaries in India Likely to Rise by 10.5% in 2015: Report
While carrying a debit or credit card makes our life simpler, many a times it can be a bummer. Especially when you are in a store in front of people and trying to make a payment and the swipe gets declined.
With our increasing dependency on credit and debit cards, we have grown used to not carrying cash around. We have also realised the importance of credit cards over cash. But, when you are out there throwing a dinner party to your friends and try to make a credit card payment and if the transaction gets declined, it can be an embarrassment.
There are many reasons why a credit card swipe can be declined. We have listed the top eight reasons for such a refusal of payment:
1. Credit Limit: Oh yes! This is the most common reason and all credit card users sure know this one. We have a fixed credit card limit (the maximum amount you can spend on your card preset by the issuer during the issuance), which if we cross or are very close to crossing could cause decline of payment. Keep a track on your spending and keep in mind your credit limit to prevent such a situation.
2. Uncommon purchase: You have only used your credit cards to make bill payments online and suddenly you swipe to buy an expensive jewelry of Rs 50,000, this transaction will be rejected even if you have enough credit limit. The reason why such a purchase can be declined is because your credit card company thinks that it is unusual for you to do such a purchase. Some transactions like buying gold; electronics and cash withdrawals will be declined if your credit is constantly used for smaller value swipes.
3. Invalid card: If you are using an add-on card that gets declined, it is possible that the primary cardholder has either reached the maximum account limit or has closed the account.
4. Change in terms and conditions: Do you have multiple credit cards from the same bank? If you default payment on one of those cards, it is possible that bank has blocked the other cards. In such an instance your swipe will be declined. Even if you have multiple cards from different lenders, banks randomly pull your Cibil credit score to take a relook at the creditworthiness. If the bank feels it has to lower your limit, it will give you a notice and do so.
5. Unknown location: If you live in India and if there is a credit card swipe in, let's say, Russia. This transaction will be declined, because historically, all your swipes have been in India, the lender will assume it is fraudulent transaction. So if you are travelling abroad, it is a wise step to call your credit card company and inform them about your scheduled trip.
6. Unusual currency: If you have always made bought in rupees and suddenly if you use your card to buy a ticket online in dollars that too with a heavy amount, this transaction is bound to be declined. Call your credit card company and give them a heads up before making such a purchase.
7. Technological reasons: These days, most of the new credit cards that are being issued come with an inbuilt chip. Now, to clear such a transaction, you need to key in a PIN number. Sometimes the merchant may be using a point of sales (PoS) machine that is out dated or if you have forgotten your PIN number or if your credit card is new and if you have not yet registered your PIN number, the transaction could be declined.
8. Wrong data: If you have entered a wrong billing address while buying a product online, or if you have entered a wrong credit verification value (CVV) or a wrong code for 3D secure password, the transaction will be declined.
So, if you ever face a situation where your card transaction is declined, it is advisable to call your bank and check with them for the cause. In most cases, unless it's a fraudulent issue, the problems will be resolved on the phone. Also, make sure you do not swipe the card again if it is declined. After three continuous declines, the bank may block it suspecting fraud. Keep your phone number updated with your credit card issuing bank, as the bank will alert you every time there is a swipe. Lastly, save the customer care number of your bank on your phone so that, when you are in hurry to call them, you don't run from pillar to post.
Disclaimer: All information in this article has been provided by Creditvidya.com and NDTV Profit is not responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the same.
Story first published on: December 06, 2014 11:59 (IST)

A luxury train from Europe that explores Iran in styleDecember 5, 2014 3:25 pm
Iran — by luxury train
Sophie Ibbotson
As more tourists return to the country, a new rail service lets visitors explore in style
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af48f706-7720-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK in spat with Spain over GibraltarAir traffic changes spark UK spat with Spain on Gibraltar
Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/38e5dd92-7c9b-11e4-b944-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shameful attack on democracy  says ModiUpdated: December 7, 2014 02:04 IST
Shameful attack on democracy, says Modi
Amarnath Tewary
Tweet
The Hindu
Inspector General of Jammu and Kashmir Police Kashmir Zone Abdul Gani Mir and other Senior CRPF officers carry the coffin of a CRPF ASI Shamsher Singh during a wreath-laying ceremony in Humhama, Srinagar. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
The Hindu
"Brave jawans sacrificed their lives protecting the country’s security,” Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in an election rally in Hazaribagh, Jharkhand on Saturday. File photo
TOPICS
election
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday termed the terrorist strikes in Kashmir a “shameful attack” on the democratic process in Jammu and Kashmir.
“The terrorist strike in Kashmir was a shameful attack on the democracy of India. It was an attempt to vitiate the atmosphere of hope as a large number of people in Kashmir are turning out to cast their vote,” Mr Modi said while addressing an election rally in Hazaribagh district of poll-bound Jharkhand.
His comments came even as an Army spokesman in Srinagar, Lt. Col. N.N. Joshi, said recoveries from the militants involved in the attack on an Army camp in Uri on Friday clearly showed that they came from Pakistan.
“We found food packets, medicines and sugar-coated toffees on them that were Pakistani and there were other things that prove that they came from Pakistan,” Lt. Col. Joshi told The Hindu.
Paying tributes to the Army men who were killed, Mr. Modi said Jharkhand would never forget the sacrifice of its brave son, Lt. Colonel Sankalp Kumar Shukla, and other soldiers. Though from Bihar, Lt. Col. Shukla’s parents have been living in Ranchi.
“Our brave soldiers sacrificed their lives to protect the country’s security. They died so that the democratic process in the State can continue. I pay my tributes to those brave sons. Jharkhand, too, will not forget the sacrifice of its brave son Sankalp Kumar Shukla,” he said, striking a chord with the voters.
The Chief of the Army Staff, Gen Dalbir Singh, who visited Srinagar, echoed Mr. Modi and said the attacks were meant to disrupt the election.
Gen. Singh laid wreaths on the remains of the soldiers and reviewed the security situation. Lt. Col. Kumar of the Punjab Regiment was among the eight Army men and three policemen killed in Uri.
Among the things recovered from the slain militants were six AK rifles with 55 magazines, two shotguns, two night-vision binoculars, four radio sets, 32 grenades and a medical kit.

Isro s communication satellite GSAT-16 launchedComments
India's communication satellite GSAT-16 was successfully launched at 0210 hrs on Sunday by the Ariane-5 launch vehicle VA221 of Arianespace from Kourou, French Guiana.
Ariane-5 placed GSAT-16 into the intended Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO), after a flight of 32 minutes and 20.4 seconds duration.
Isro will put 48 transponders in space through the launch of GSAT-16.
GSAT-16 is an advanced communication satellite weighing 3181.6 kg at lift-off and is being inducted into the INSAT/GSAT system. It is configured to carry a total of 48 communication transponders, the largest number of transponders carried by a communication satellite developed by Isro so far, in normal C band, upper extended C band, and Ku band.
 
"This will definitely boost satellite capacity as 48 new transponders will be added to the existing 180 transponders," Isro chairman Dr K Radhakrishnan told HT.
The designed on-orbit operational life of GSAT-16 is 12 years. The communication transponders on board GSAT-16 will ensure continuity of various services provided by INSAT/GSAT system and serve as on-orbit spares to meet the contingency requirements or for the augmentation of such services.
Isro's  Master Control Facility (MCF) at Hassan in Karnataka started acquiring the signal from the satellite at 0241 hrs IST and control of the satellite was initiated. Initial checks have indicated normal health of the satellite.
The present orbit of the satellite will be raised to Geostationary Orbit of about 36,000 km altitude through three orbit-raising manoeuvres by the firing of GSAT-16's Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) Engine.
Preparations are underway for the first firing, planned in the early hours of December 8. The satellite will be placed in the Geostationary Orbit by December 12 and, subsequently, the satellite's communication transponders will be switched on for in-orbit testing.

RBI to Ease Rates by 0.5 Per Cent in 2015: Morgan StanleyChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
New Delhi: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to lower policy rates by 50 basis points in 2015 with the first rate cut likely as early as February next year on the back of slowing inflation, global brokerage firm Morgan Stanley said.
The report said the magnitude of rate cuts would depend on the trajectory of inflation, which is expected to reach 6 per cent level on a sustained basis by March 2015.
"In our base case, we expect inflation to reach the 6 per cent level on a sustained basis by March 2015 (same as the RBI's expectation). We therefore assume 50 basis points policy rate cuts in 2015 in our base case," Morgan Stanley said in a research note.
"We believe that the first rate cut is likely to be in February / March 2015," the report added.
In terms of magnitude of rate cuts, Morgan Stanley expects 50-100 basis points of policy rate cuts in 2015, depending on the inflation trajectory, which in turn will be dependent on the trend in commodity prices, fiscal deficit and rural wage growth.
The upside and downside risks to these forecasts would be influenced by two key factors: the pace of policy actions to revive productivity dynamic and the strength of external demand recovery, it said.
At the December 2 monetary policy review, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan chose to hold rates, saying it is premature to go in for a cut at the moment, but held out hope of a cut if inflation falls.
On economic growth, the report said GDP growth on a quarterly basis is expected to accelerate from the current pace of 5.3 per cent for the quarter ended September 30, to 7.3 per cent in the March quarter of 2017.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 12:12 (IST)

Come with proof  not for  fishing expedition : Switzerland tells IndiaComments
As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.
Switzerland's Ambassador to India Linus von Castelmur also said the past cannot be undone, while promising full support of his country in cases where at least some proof is provided on tax frauds.
He, however, agreed that all the money deposited in Swiss banks might not have always been 'taxed money' in the past, as Switzerland was a major destination for several decades when money would flow in from different sources.
The Ambassador said cooperation by Swiss authorities cannot take place on the basis of stolen lists of account holders and would need independent probes by Indian agencies and at least a prima facie proof of tax frauds.
"We understand and appreciate India's concerns on the matter. We need clear understanding on the issue," Castelmur told PTI in an interview.
"I think one part of the issue is dealing with the past and Switzerland was destination for several decades where money flowed in from difference sources and that was no always a tax money," he said.
"When we look from present and future, we see that problem will be solved," said Castelmur, who was here for an award function where industrialist Azim Premji was given a Swiss honour for inspirational and socially responsible leadership.
The issue of black money suspected to be stashed abroad, including in Swiss banks, has been a matter of intense debate in India for years.
The matter has been in focus recently with the Opposition parties accusing the government of going back on its promise to bring back black money from overseas within 100 days of its coming to power.
A Supreme Court monitored Special Investigation Team is looking into ways to tackle the black money menace, while the government recently said it has reached a major breakthrough in the form of a new agreement with the Swiss authorities for cooperation on sharing of details about alleged black money holders in Swiss banks.
A global automatic information exchange is also in the works, while the issue is already being discussed at international forums like OECD and G-20.
"We have excellent contact with Indian government. You cannot undo the past, but future is bright," Castelmur said.
While there is no official estimate of black money suspected to have been stashed by Indians in Swiss banks, there have been various unofficial figures doing the rounds, ranging from a few billions of dollars to trillions of dollars.
As per the latest official data of the Swiss National Bank, the total deposits of Indians in Swiss banks stood at over Rs. 14,000 crore at the end of 2013, up by about 42% in a year, but these are the officially declared funds by Indian clients of Swiss banks and might not be illicit wealth.
"In future cases of the money deposited by Indians, Germans or Americans in Swiss banks, the swiss banking and taxation authorities would inform the national tax authorities of the client country and there will be transparency," the Swiss Ambassador said.
Dealing with the past, however, is difficult, he said, while adding that whatever has happened over the last 50 years or so "cannot be undone".
"So, I think Switzerland extends full cooperation to the Indian government on the basis of bilateral agreement we have. We have double taxation avoidance agreement with India and that stipulates administrative legal assistance for tax evasion cases etc," he added.
The treaty, however, stipulates a condition that "we cannot work with so-called fishing expedition and you cannot say I would like to have all the names of Indian account holders in Switzerland. That is not possible," he added.
'Fishing Expedition' refers to a search or investigation undertaken with a hope, though not the stated purpose, of discovering some information.
"We have also decided that we cannot work with stolen data. If somebody has obtained data improperly-illegally, Switzerland cannot honour this kind of claims.
"We can only work when there is true investigation by the Indian tax authority or the Enforcement Directorate, where they have clear prima facie evidence, that there has been a tax fraud involved," the Ambassador said.
"There we extend full cooperation. But our national law does not allow us to enter into 'fishing expedition'. "We cannot enter into discussion on illegally obtained information. If they hold independent investigation, we answer to them and we fully cooperate with them. Once they hand over a list thus prepared, we can cooperate and we will really try to cooperate," he said.

Suitable body needed to replace Plan panel: Narendra ModiSuitable body needed to replace Plan panel: Narendra Modi
Uri attack: Aim was to hit civilian points and disrupt polls  says armyComments
The Indian Army on Sunday said the militants' group, which carried out the attack on its Uri camp, was looking to hit civilian targets in order to create fear ahead of the third phase polling in the state.
"(Either side of) the road between Baramulla and Uri is densely populated now. The aim must have been to come and strike at civilian targets to cause fear and disrupt the peaceful conditions ahead of the polls," General Officer Commanding of Army's 15 Corps Lt General Subrata Saha told reporters in Srinagar.
Lt General Saha, however, dismissed assertions that the attacks were due to failure of the counter-infiltration grid along the Line of Control (LoC). "Had that been the case, they could have attacked the civilian targets that they were looking for," he added.
Eleven security personnel including eight soldiers were killed in the pre-dawn attack on the army camp by militants, who had infiltrated from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, before all the six assailants were shot dead.
"They (militants) came and banged against this position of ours and where in a span of barely 60 odd metres, all the six terrorists were neutralised," Lt Gen Saha said, adding "the fact they have been eliminated, the security grid has succeeded with a heavy price."
Paying tribute to the soldiers and policemen killed in the operation, Lt Gen Saha said it is their brave fight that ensured that the attack on civilian targets was avoided and "any harm to innocent civilians, particularly during this period when elections are on, was avoided".
Mohra, the scene of the deadly gunbattle on Friday, is located 10 kilometres from the Haji Peer Pass and Kamalkote, the nearest points on the Line of Control. There are several densely-populated villages located between the army camp targeted by the militants and the LoC.
The army commander said there was enough evidence to show that the assailants were supported by the Pakistani establishment and that the attack and other incidents before it along the Line of Control in Kashmir were coordinated and synchronised.
"We have enough evidence that both the groups were from the Lashkar-e-Toiba. The markings on the warlike and logistic stores, whether it is food, ammunition, medicines or clothes, clearly indicates that they were of Pakistani manufacture and origin. The terrorists were heavily armed and they had enough food to last several days," he said.
He said GPS recovered from the slain militants revealed that there is a staging area north of Jhelum on the other side of LoC. "One infiltration took place in Tut Mari Gali (Nowgam Sector) and one in Uri sector. I am not revealing the exact location (of the staging area) for obvious reasons," he said.
Lt Gen Saha said the incidents in Nowgam sector, in which six militants and a JCO were killed, and in Uri sector were not routine infiltration attempts.
"To say it was a routine infiltration would be improper. The sequence in which the events have happened and if you see the numbers and levels of training that has gone into preparing these people, it is not an ordinary infiltration. It is linked to the larger events that are taking place here," he said, referring to elections and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Srinagar on Monday.
He said the incidents that took place during the month of November indicate that there was a coordinated attempt from across the LoC to disrupt the electoral process in Kashmir.
"We had a ceasefire violation on November 8 in which a 17-year-old girl was killed and the army lost a brave soldier. After that we had three instances in which IEDs were recovered on November 10, 15 and 27. On November 23, 18 almost new AK 47 rifles and two pistols were recovered.
"Then in Tut Mari Gali on December 1/2, we had this operation in which six terrorists were killed and army lost a junior commissioner officer. Then we had this operation in Uri sector in which six terrorists were killed. The army lost eight of its soldiers and JKP lost three of their men," he added.
"The way in which all these incidents took place, one after the other - ceasefire violations, IEDs being pushed in and then weapons - it is obvious that these things cannot happen without any push and without a patron, or coordination and synchronisation," the army commander said.

Government to clear $2 billion transmission projects in South IndiaGovernment to clear $2 billion transmission projects in South India
Taj Mahal part of ancient temple  claims UP BJP chief Laxmi KantBajpaiBy: Press Trust of India | Bahraich |
Posted: December 7, 2014 7:12 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 6:57 pm
After Azam Khan’s demand of handing over the Taj Mahal to UP Waqf Board, the state’s BJP chief Laxmi Kant Bajpai on Sunday sought to drag the famed mausoleum into another row by claiming that it was a part of an ancient temple.
Bajpai told reporters in Bahraich that Mughal emperor Shah Jahan “purchased a part of Tejo Mahalaya temple’s land from Raja Jai Singh” and claimed that documents to prove it still exist.
He also alleged that “Azam Khan has usurped property of Waqf and was now eyeing the world heritage Taj Mahal.” “Azam’s dream to offer namaz five times at Taj will never be fulfilled,” he said.
On November 13, Khan had said that the Taj Mahal, one of the wonders of the world, should be declared a property of the state’s Waqf Board.
Khan, during a convention of ‘mutawallis’ (caretakers) asked chairman of State Sunni Central Waqf Board to make Taj Mahal a property of the board and appoint him as ‘mutwalli’.
Though, later, when reporters asked Azam about his controversial statement, he said,”why you take things said in a lighter vein so seriously.”
However, spokesman of All India Shia Personal Law Board, Maulana Yasoob Abbas, said, “As far as Mumtaz Mahal is concerned, she was a Shia, but Taj Mahal is heritage of the country and it should not be handed over to Sunni or Shia boards.”
“Shia and Sunni boards are unable to maintain their mosques and madrasas then how will they handle Taj Mahal.
If the issue of handing Taj Mahal to the waqf board is raised then Shia and Sunni will come face to face, therefore it should be kept away from the tussle,” he added.

Foreign Investor Inflow in Equities Hits Rs 1 Lakh Crore in 2014 so farForeign Investor Inflow in Equities Hits Rs 1 Lakh Crore in 2014 so far
Sushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Bhagawad Gita as nationalscriptureWritten by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:30 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 4:30 pm
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Sunday urged that the Bhagwad Gita be declared a ‘Rashtriya Granth’, adding that only a formal announcement to this effect was pending. “The Prime Minister has already given it the stature of national granth by gifting it to US President Barack Obama,” she said.
Speaking at an event on Red Front grounds to mark the “5,151st anniversary” of the Gita, organised by RSS-affiliate Global Inspiration and Enlightenment Organization of Gita (GIEOGITA), Swaraj also advised psychiatrists to read and prescribe the Gita to patients suffering from depression.
Soon after her statement, VHP president Ashok Singhal demanded that PM Narendra Modi declare the Gita a national scripture.
At the same event, Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar said the religious book has been considered above the Constitution.
Representatives of embassies of 20 countries were present at the event.
Criticising Swaraj’s remarks, the Trinamool Congress (TMC) said the Constitution was the “holy book” in a democracy. The Congress called her statement “frivolous”.
“All holy books are our pride,” Mamata Banerjee said. “The Quran, Puranas, Vedas, Vedanta, Bible, Tripitak, Zend-Avesta, Guru Granth Sahib, Gita — we respect all.”
The essence of the Gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism, said the Congress’s Manish Tewari.
Khattar, who had to rush for a meeting of chief ministers called by the PM, was the first to speak among the leaders. “Gita ke sandesh ko jab hum dhyan se padhte hain to… to jaisa kaha hai hamare desh ka samvidhan hi Gita hai. Gita ko samvidhaan se upar maan liya gaya hai. Kisi bhi desh ka samvidhan kaal aur paristhithi ke hisab se badalta rehta hai, lekin Gita aisa saar hai jo sahasvat hai (When we read the Gita carefully… as has been said, our Constitution is the Gita itself. In fact, the Gita is considered above the Constitution. Any country’s constitution changes with time and circumstances, but the Gita is eternal),” said Khattar.
He added that Haryana had doubled the budget for ‘Gita Jayanti’, and requested the PM to issue a postal stamp on Gita Jayanti celebrations.
Urging that the Gita be prescribed to those suffering from depression, Swaraj said, “Depression is a rising problem. People believe eating chocolates and medicines will cure depression. My remedy is that if we read the Gita and live life as per it, we won’t be depressed. Our psychiatrists and counsellors should read the Gita and advise patients according to it. Every argument will end, every doubt will be removed.”
The Union minister credited the Gita with giving her strength during a particularly bad time in her life, and said she attributed her achievements to “Krishna kripa”. Swaraj also said that on December 11, the UN would declare June 21 as ‘Yoga Diwas’.
 

Palagummi Padmarajus daughters steal the show at the writers centenary celebrationsUpdated: December 7, 2014 20:09 IST
Palagummi Padmaraju’s daughters steal the show at the writer’s centenary celebrations
K. N. Murali Sankar
Tweet
THE HINDU
Seetha and Rathna, daughters of renowned Telugu writer Palagummi Padmaraju, are being felicitated at the P.R. Government College in Kakinada. Photo: Special Arrangement
We have never seen him expressing anguish about anything or anyone. He opposed the practice of dividing people into good and bad. He taught us values and the secret of being simple, says Ratna, daughter of Palagummi Padmaraju
Seetha and Ratna – daughters of the renowned Telugu writer late Palagummi Padmaraju -- were the cynosure of all eyes at the centenary celebrations of the writer organised at P.R. Government College where Padmaraju worked as chemistry lecturer for six years before entering the tinsel world. City-based Vijayakrishna Foundation, in association with CEDOW and Sri Vedagiri Communications, celebrated the centenary on the college premises.
Ms. Seetha is working with a television channel in Chennai while Ms. Ratna is into teaching profession in Vijayawada. The two proud daughters recollected their memories with their beloved father that helped literary lovers know about Padmaraju as a family man. “Whenever we took a city bus, my father’s wallet was subjected to pick-pocketing. It was a regular phenomenon. Instead of expressing anguish over it, my father used to think about the artistic way in which the thief did his job,” Ms. Ratna said adding her father knew the art of tailoring and used to stitch his dresses on his own. “He used to stitch secret pockets on all his shirts. Still, he lost many wallets to the pick-pockets,” she said with a smile.
“We have never seen him expressing anguish about anything or anyone. He opposed the common practice of dividing people into good and bad. He taught us values and the secret of being simple,” Ms. Ratna said in an emotional tone.
Favourite topic
Referring to the short-stories of Padmaraju, Ms. Seetha said that death was the favourite topic for the writer who had woven several stories around it. “He has seen many deaths from his childhood. He lost his father at the age of nine and grandfather at the age of 12. Subsequently, he had seen several deaths and developed interest on the topic.
That is the reason why, death is the central theme in most of his stories,” she recalled. Principal of P.R. Government College M. Satyanarayana, founder of Vijayakrishna Foundation Aluri Vijayalakshmi, founder of Sri Vedagiri Communications Vedagiri Rambabu, writer Vadrevu Veeralakshmi Devi, president of Telugu Ratham Kompella Sarma and others spoke about the literary works of Padmaraju.

Typhoon Hagupit pounds Philippines  a million fleeTyphoon Hagupit pounds Philippines, a million flee
Reuters
print
Typhoon Hagupit
A powerful, slow-moving typhoon pounded through the central Philippines on Sunday, bringing howling winds that toppled trees and power lines and cut off communications to areas still scarred by a super-storm just over a year ago.
Typhoon Hagupit did not appear to have wreaked devastation on the same scale as last year's deadly Typhoon Haiyan, but officials cautioned that the picture remained incomplete with many of the first areas to feel the storm's force still cut off.
More than 1 million people had fled to shelters away from coastal areas and landslide-prone villages by the time Typhoon Hagupit slammed into the town of Dolores, on the eastern coast of Samar island, on Saturday night.
"We need to punch through up to Dolores to see the impact there, that's where the landfall was, we need to see so we can report back to Manila," Interior Secretary Manuel Roxas told a local radio interview from Samar.
The radio report described Roxas as travelling by motorbike to oversee workers using chainsaws to clear huge fallen trees.
Most of the houses, made of light materials, on both sides of the road were destroyed and residents lined the route asking for food, water and other supplies. Roofs were blown away while thatched houses were lifted and dumped metres away.
Hagupit, which days earlier had reached category 5 "super typhoon" strength as it churned across the Pacific Ocean, weakened on Sunday to category 2 as it made a second landfall at Cataingan town in the south of Masbate island.
There were no initial reports of the kinds of storm surges that were so destructive during Typhoon Haiyan, which killed more than 7,000 people across the central Philippines.
"Structural damage was caused mostly by wind, not by storm surge," said presidential spokeswoman Abigail Valte.
Power cuts in many areas
Power was cut across most of Samar and nearby Leyte province, including Tacloban City, considered ground zero of the devastating super typhoon Haiyan last year. Power and communications were also down in Masbate, parts of Cebu island and some southern provinces of the main island Luzon.
"I can't penetrate the areas, I can't go north or south because of fallen trees and power lines. Many areas are flooded," Ben Evardone, congressman for Eastern Samar, said from his base in the provincial capital Borongan.
General Gregorio Catapang, head of the military, said nearly 2,000 soldiers were clearing the roads and two airports on Samar to bring in food trucks and aircraft.
Local radio reported at least five people were killed in Eastern Samar and Iloilo province on Panay island to the west, but that could not be confirmed by officials. The Philippine Red Cross said it was also verifying the reports.
The typhoon was crawling west northwest at 10 kph (6 mph), with sustained winds of 140 kph (86 mph) and gusts of up to 170 kph (105 mph), the Philippine weather bureau PAGASA said.
The weather bureau said Hagupit - which means "lash" in Filipino - was following its predicted path through the archipelago's central belt, slightly north of areas devastated by super typhoon Haiyan last year.
It was expected to make a third landfall on the small island of Sibuyan early on Monday before passing around 120 km south of the capital Manila, PAGASA said.
Tacloban spared
More than 1.2 million people had crowded over 1,500 evacuation centres in schools, civic centres, town halls, gyms and churches across the central Philippines, said Gwendolyn Pang, secretary general of the Philippine Red Cross.
Alfred Romnualdez, mayor of Tacloban, said although more than 48,000 residents had fled to shelters, damage to the city appeared to have been minor.
"Thank God, the typhoon spared us and we have no reported casualties," Romualdez told Reuters. "By the end of the day we expect the people to return to their homes from shelter areas."
By Sunday evening, people were also returning to their homes from shelters in Leyte island and southern Luzon.
Environment and humanitarian groups are hoping the typhoon would spur action at U.N. climate talks in Lima, where almost 200 nations are meeting to work out an accord to slow global warming, due at a summit in Paris in a year's time.
"My country is under water, farms have been wiped away, homes destroyed, families separated," Shubert Ciencia of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement and a member of global relief organisation Oxfam, said in Lima.
An Oxfam report in November showed Asia is highly vulnerable to increasingly severe and frequent weather extremes and woefully underprepared to manage growing crises.

Bhagavad Gita should be made national scripture  says SushmaBhagavad Gita should be made national scripture  says Sushma
The history of motorcycle framesThe history of motorcycle frames
Sabyasachi Biswas
Space frame: The Ducati Monster has an easily identifieable trellis frame, in red
And why is a trellis frame better than most others?
A motorcycle is held together by what we call the frame, or the chassis. It is one of the most important parts of the motorcycle, yet it mostly remains hidden in plain sight. The motorcycle frame has come a long way from the early 1900s, when the first production machines came into existence, to this day. As with many components such as ABS, aerodynamic fairings and suspensions, the evolution of the frame can be credited to motorsports.
The simplest and the earliest frame that was (and still is!) used to hold a motorcycle together was the cycle frame. As the name suggests, it was a simple bicycle frame, with an engine strapped on to it. The construction is as simple as it gets – three critical points – the head stock or the T-stem, where the handlebar steering gets mounted, the crank-case was positioned where the pedals should have been, and the horizontal tube on which the seat and the tank rest.
But as engines started becoming heavier with the addition of evolving gearboxes and clutches, the bikes started suffering from excessive vibration and if the riders went too fast, the engines could even fall off! The points at which the tubes were welded together started showing cracks, results of stress from the vibration. Most of this was sorted in the post-WWII era, when manufacturers started using aluminium and steel alloys in the frame construction.
However, the key issue wasn’t resolved, and thanks to development in motorsports, manufacturers decided to bring in frames that were light and strong.
The development of the twin-downtube cradle frame fixed things up to an extent. In the twin-downtube, the engine is mounted on a platform between the cradle formed the said platform and the two tubes.
However, engineers looked up to the perimeter frame as the ultimate solution for more powerful and faster machines, as these frames had been in use since the 1920s in European racing motorcycles. A perimeter frame is simply the construction of two beams that wrap themselves around the engine, and join at the steering head and the swing-arm. This construction can be found on a lot of sports bikes.
The trellis frame is a further evolution of the perimeter frame – it uses the same philosophy of wrapping itself around the engine and joining at the steering head and the swing-arm in the least possible distance – except that instead of thick beams, the frame is constructed of welded members forming a lattice, or a trellis.
The advantages of using a steel or aluminium trellis frame are many. For example, the motorcycle can be made a lot lighter with this kind of frame as the trellis attaches the steering head and the swing-arm in the most direct possible way. Because the frame itself is like a lattice, it flexes a bit around fast corners, giving the rider a greater feedback. The trellis frame is also stronger and helps reduce the vibration from a powerful and high-revving motor.
However, a space frame is also a bit more expensive to produce than a cradle frame, as the engineering has to be very precise. Also, the quality of steel or aluminium is higher, thus increasing the production cost.
In India, we see the trellis frame on a few production bikes (the imported performance bikes have them anyway), such as the KTM RC and Duke motorbikes. However, the perimeter frame is extensively used in bikes such as the Honda CBR 150 and 250R (twin-spar frame), the Bajaj Pulsar 200NS and the Kawasaki Ninjas.
The others mass production motorcycles usually use a single or twin downtube cradle frames.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

India can do without an unsafe quadricycle  says Venu SrinivasanIndia can do without an unsafe quadricycle, says Venu Srinivasan
Murali Gopalan
N SRIDHARAN Venu Srinivasan, Chairman and Managing Director of TVS Motor Company Ltd
TVS Motor chief says a “vulnerable and unfit” four wheel alternative should not be launched.
December 5, 2014:  
Venu Srinivasan, Chairman and Managing Director of TVS Motor Company, believes that a quadricycle as a mobility solution will do little in improving road safety and emissions.
“It is true that three-wheelers are less safe and also have higher emissions than cars. But the answer then is to introduce a new class of vehicles which are very safe and low in emissions and not what is currently defined as a quadricycle,” he says.
According to Srinivasan, the current definition is a “retrograde step” and the Government could, consequently, miss an important opportunity to make Indian roads and environment safer.  “In this backdrop, it seems surprising that someone actually wants to launch a quadricycle that is less safe and more polluting,” he says.
Changing norms
Srinivasan draws attention to the time the Centre, under the Ministry of Surface Transport, set up a committee under the chairmanship of Dinesh Tyagi to frame norms for the quadricycle. These were apparently set at around 30 per cent lower than four-wheelers but distinctly better than those existing for three-wheelers.
“Surprisingly, though, the Government ignored the recommendations and put out a new set of norms that were aligned largely to three-wheelers,” Srinivasan says. In short, he adds, the Tyagi committee report set the standards which were subsequently diluted rather blatantly.
“That the Government should set up an expert panel and then subvert its recommendations themselves is strange. What motivated them to do this is puzzling to say the least,” he says.
From Srinivasan’s point of view, this is “astonishing” especially when there is a new Motor Vehicles Act in place which prescribes a host of safety measures for cars/two-wheelers and imposes stiff punishments for violations.
“Why then should this country legislate a vehicle with 1980s safety norms? It is not in the best interest of our society,” he says. The answer, according to him, lies in upgrading three-wheelers to meet emission and safety norms instead of getting regressive.
“If this vehicle is launched as a commercial mode of transport and later enters the personal use space, it would cause grievous harm to society,” Srinivasan cautions. According to him, quadricycles have higher fatalities than cars across the world. One could be moving at 30kmph but cannot do much if a bus or truck knocks the vehicle on the side and it is completely crumpled as a result. “Eventually, the risk comes from a heavier vehicle hitting a lighter one as is the case with most Indian cities where we see this happening ever so often,” Srinivasan says.
It is also impossible to ensure exclusive space for lighter vehicles simply because there are not enough roads. “There is no justification to introduce something as vulnerable and unfit as a quadricycle in this chaotic ecosystem,” he adds.
Clearing the air
Srinivasan reiterates that, contrary to common perception, TVS Motor does not have a vested interest in the quadricycle project. “I would like to say that we do not have a quadricycle planned at this point in time,” he says. Solutions are eventually about “public interest and not narrow private interests”. Srinivasan maintains that his views are just not about a particular product’s use being debated but in ensuring that the best solutions are in place for the benefit of society. Indian manufacturers are more than equipped to rise to the challenge and present appropriate solutions.
“The country can certainly do without a cheap and unsafe alternative when we should be moving ahead towards safer, low-emission vehicles,” he says. Any form of urban transport ought to be defined with the future in mind and not an incremental improvement on the past “as in this case”. 
Greener solutions
The need of the hour, he adds, is to promote lighter urban vehicles for the future with high safety and low emissions especially with cities are getting increasingly congested. “India should be looking at ultra low emission vehicles like electric hybrids or pure electric vehicles with speeds of 50 kmph,” Srinivasan says.
It is equally imperative for manufacturers to be proactive with mobility solutions. As a result, “we need to be ahead of the Government and show them the way” in framing appropriate policies.
“Manufacturers should take cognisance of society and not end up becoming retrograde. Therefore, make airbags mandatory as also helmets if you need to save lives,” Srinivasan says. India is changing rapidly with people opting for a host of mobility solutions as the pressure on public transport increases. This only means that there is a need to have a cohesive environment and safety roadmap for the future.
“After all, we are still lagging behind the world on these issues. For instance, the particulate matter in India is 20 times average global levels and has doubled over the last five years,” Srinivasan says. Delhi is often cited as the benchmark for emissions since the time compressed natural gas became mandatory a decade ago but the air quality in the city is still far worse than Beijing’s. 
Refreshed rules
”In conclusion, I must reiterate that the Government must revisit the proposed rules for quadricycles and align them close to M1 or car category of vehicles. This would be in the best interests of society and in line with the the new Motor Vehicles Act,” Srinivasan says.
 
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

http://ow.ly/i/7POIShttp://ow.ly/i/7pois
CM Fadnavis defends decision to skip tea party  says Modi meet important eventWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:27 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 9:26 pm
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis late Sunday evening said the meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi was to emphasise key issues related to the welfare of people of Maharashtra.
Fadnavis said, “The prime minister had called a meeting of all chief ministers of state across country. It was a scheduled meet. And I took the decision to attend for the larger interest of my people in Maharashtra.”
Fadnavis said, “I would certainly liked to play the host at the tea party on the eve of winter session. It was never my intention to undermine the role of opposition.”
Adding, “It is unfortunate that Congress and NCP are making an issue about my PM meeting.” The state chief minister indicated that, “During the meeting individual state chief ministers could raise the issues related to their state.
And I felt it was important as I would emphasise on several critical areas which requires centre’s intervention to push the state projects ahead.” The meeting has helped people of state.

Sebi can withhold info on probe against Reliance Industries: CICDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
The Central Information Commission has allowed Securities and Exchange Board of India to withhold the information on its probe into alleged short selling of shares by Reliance Industries Limited in 2007 saying investigation has not concluded yet.
A Full Bench of the Commission comprising three retired bureaucrats– Vijai Sharma, Manjula Prasher and M A Khan Yusufi– agreed with Sebi’s contention that final orders are yet to be passed by the competent authority under the Sebi Act and there is no overriding public interest in the disclosure.
“In the present case, final orders are yet to be passed by the competent authority under the Sebi Act. Therefore, the process of investigation against the RIL is still pending before Sebi and it cannot be said the same has reached its conclusion. Hence, the requested information falls under exemption under section 8(1) (h) of the Act,” the Commission said in its order.
The case related to an RTI application filed by activist Arun Agrawal who had sought to know from Sebi the inspection report regarding the purported entities involved with RIL in the alleged short sale of shares of Reliance Petroleum in November 2007.
Agrawal also asked for the report of the Sebi inquiry officer with regards the matter, various applications of consent order/terms offered by RIL and the entities involved charged under Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices Regulations and other related documents.
During the hearing, Agrawal said the investors need to be informed about the amount of profit made by the 12 entities who were alleged to be working for personal gains and acting as agents of RIL.
“The disclosure of information would indicate that Rs 2000 crores of money minus the amount to compensate the investors will accrue to the public exchequer,” he said during the hearing.
Agrawal said once the investigation report is submitted, the subsequent action or decision on that report is not exempted under section 8(1)(h) as the action being taken cannot be considered as a “process of investigation”.
Sebi claimed mere submission of the investigation report to the competent authority does not imply a completion of the investigation process.
The proceedings initiated under the Sebi Act have to be concluded by the passing of an order by the competent authority.
Amit Sibal, lawyer representing the RIL, had claimed during the hearing that as the Sebi has issued a show cause notice to RIL, the matter is pending adjudication therefore, inspection report is exempted under section 8(1)(h) of the RTI Act and should not be disclosed.
Sibal said as the appellant has failed to establish any case of public interest as per section 8(2) of the Act, the appeal may be dismissed as without merit.
The Commission said Agrawal had underlined public interest overriding the protected interest however, the other side argued that he is overstating the public interest without taking into account that the investigation is still going on.
“The main ground initially advanced by the appellant for disclosing the information under section 8(2) of the Act is that there has been a conspiracy between the RIL and other entities in short sale of shares and the investors have suffered losses, and that the general public must be informed about the unlawful means adopted by the RIL,” it said.
The Bench said no “concrete and tangible” case of public interest has been made out by Agrawal which may be described as overriding the protected interest.
Commenting on the decision, Agrawal said earlier the commission had held that the same information should be revealed in public interest.
“Now for the commission to hold that information which involved 513 crores of losses to the investors on account of insider trading by RIL and another 1000 crores on account of price manipulation by the brokers is not in public interest raises a much larger issue of public interest,” he said.
TAGS: Reliance Industries Sebi
More from companies

Congress to boycott today s customary tea on the eve of Maharashtra winter sessionCongress, NCP boycott customary tea on the eve of Maharashtra winter session
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Congress and Nationalist Congress Party stayed away from the customary tea to which Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis invited them on the eve of the winter session of the Assembly.
The chief minister, too, played truant from the event on Sunday evening, attracting criticism from the missing guests, who thought it was a deliberate attempt to insult them.
The winter session of the Maharashtra Assembly is scheduled to start on Monday in Nagpur. The Congress legislature party took the decision to boycott the customary social event when they learnt that the chief minister would be absent.
“Fadnavis will not be present. This is a deliberate insult of the Opposition. Fadnavis’s decision is anti-democratic and against the parliamentary traditions,” the party leader Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil told Business Standard.
Sunil Tatkare, NCP state unit president,  also confirmed his party’s decision to boycott the customary tea. Former deputy chief minister and NCP legislature party leader, Ajit Pawar, said it was objectionable that Fadnavis wanted to belittle the Opposition.
As reason for his absence, the chief minister had cited his visit to Delhi to attend a meeting convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi with chief ministers to discuss an alternative body to replace the Planning Commission. Fadnavis, however, said he had already deputed his senior ministers to attend the customary tea.
The opposition parties on the other hand are planning on how to take on the government on the floor of the Assembly.
Vikhe-Patil said the Congress would focus on drought, rise in farmer suicides, atrocities on Dalits and falling cotton prices. It would also press for implementation of the toll-free state plan, and abolition of local body taxes, as promised by the Bharatiya Janata Party and Shiv Sena while campaigning for the Assembly election.

Rape accused Uber cab driver nabbed in MathuraNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
The cabbie, who allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman here on Friday night, has been arrested in Mathura even as questions were raised over security measures provided by Uber, the US-based cab firm which used his taxi service.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, the 32-year-old driver and a native of Mathura who was living in rented premises here, has been arrested, according to DIG (Agra Range) Lakshmi Singh.
Singh said the Uber cab in which the crime took place was owned by him and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to the Delhi police. The car was recovered from the city late last night.
As a massive search operation was on in Mathura and other parts of Uttar Pradesh to nab the accused, Delhi Police had earlier in the day announced a cash reward of Rs one lakh for his arrest.
“The vehicle has been found and is being brought to Delhi and FSL examination by forensic experts will be done here. 12 teams are carrying out the search operation and we are getting full support from local police at Mathura,” said Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat.
The police have also issued a notice to Uber, the US-based cab service provider, under section 161 CrPC to join investigation in the case.
“We have issued them a notice to join investigation. There are norms to operate such cab service set by the Transport Department and we will see whether they were followed or not,” said Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma.
The shocking incident, which took place days ahead of the second anniversary of the December 16 gangrape, brought back memories of the horrific crime as shock and anger erupted both online and offline.
According to the police, neither the driver was verified nor the cab had a GPS tracker.
The company has issued a statement, saying that it was providing all help to the police in the investigation.
“Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokeswoman.
The driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was an Smartphone App which he exited after the incident, the police said.
“The accused (Yadav) is being brought to Delhi,” said Deputy Commissioner of Delhi Police (North) Madhur Verma.
According to Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Manzil Saini, he was arrested from near a marriage hall along the Delhi-Agra highway under Mathura’s Sadar police station.
A case has been registered at Sarai Rohilla police station in Delhi under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
Yadav, who was driving the Uber cab, allegedly raped the woman around 9:30 PM on Friday when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat of the car only to wake up and find that they had stopped at a secluded spot. She found that the car doors were locked and, when she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed her and then committed rape, the police said.
The accused then dropped her off near her home in Inderlok after threatening to kill her if she spoke about it to anybody, it said.
Quoting the complaint, the police said that the woman had dined with her friends after her shift ended at 7 PM and one of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab to return home.
Uber, an international cab-booking service, has its headquarters in New York. It also could not immediately provide the call log as details were said to be stored at the company’s headquarters, the police said.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said that the guilty should be booked immediately.
“The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future,” he said.
“This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government,” Lalani said.
According to Police, Yadav originally hails from Elau police station area of Mainpuri district in Uttar Pradesh and was residing in a rented accommodation in Chandrapuri locality in Mathura.
When the police team reached at his residence, he was not present there.
In the evening, the joint team headed by ASP Ajay Pal of Uttar Pradesh Police arrested him from a house in Mathura which was about a kilometre away from his rented accommodation.
The police said identity of the owner of the house from where Yadav was arrested was yet to be ascertained.
During investigation, prime facie it has come to fore that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber, the US-based cab firm, as a number of shortcomings was found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor GPS tracking device was installed in the car, police officials said, adding Yadav was working with Uber since last six month.
Senior police officials will decide what action should be taken against the firm for the negligence, they said.
The police team along with Yadav will reach Delhi by midnight and he will be produced before a court here tomorrow.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Cab
More from miscellaneous

Rahul Gandhi believes in politics to oppose without issues: Union minister GirirajSinghWritten by Raakhi Jagga | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 7, 2014 7:18 pm
Reacting on the statement of AICC Vice-President Rahul Gandhi that terrorist activities had started in J&K after NDA Government came in power, Union minister of micro small and medium enterprises (MSME) Giriraj Singh said that Rahul had no issue to talk about and he was doing politics to oppose.
The minister was in Ludhiana to attend meetings arranged by industrial organizations and he stated that Rahul Gandhi was having no issue and hence was giving such statements. Singh stated that BJP will gain majority in Jharkhand as well as Jammu and Kashmir. He said, “this time Ballot will win in J&K and not bullet. The poll results will make it clear.”
He came Saturday night to Ludhiana to be part of a meeting organized by Chamber of Industrial and Commercial Undertakings (CICU) and Sunday morning he also met members of Federation of Industrial and commercial organization (FICO). Giriraj Singh stated that PM Narendra Modi was worried about the drug addiction problem in Punjab which was making youth as their target. He stated that Punjab needed to come out of this problem.
Later the minister asked the industrialists to give him a paper regarding their demands so that he can act upon them.
Avtar Singh, President of CICU and Gurmeet Singh Kular, President of FICO in separate meetings told the minister that imported bicycle parts from China were affecting the small units and were raising questions over Government’s slogan ‘Make in India’. Minister agreed over this issue, but gave no commitment as what he will do to tackle it.
Make in India is not a slogan but emotion:
He told the industrialists that Make in India was not just a slogan but an ‘emotion’ for the Government and he stated that Ludhiana cannot be ignored while working on this slogan.
Meeting with BJP beopar cell:
He also had a meeting with BJP beopar cell late in the afternoon where he asked the leaders to stay in touch with the industrial associations and convey their demands to him which were under the preview of his ministry.
No differences with SAD:
The Minister stated that BJP was going strong with SAD and had no differences, as being projected. He stated that the alliance will run smoothly even in the coming years as well.

Most CMs favour restructuring of Planning CommissionDec 07, 2014 at 07:14pm IST
Most CMs favour restructuring of Planning Commission
29
0
New Delhi: A meeting called by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss the future of the Planning Commission on Sunday saw most Chief Ministers favouring restructuring of the Soviet-era body but there was no consensus on disbanding the existing set-up.
Modi, who has announced in his Independent Day speech that the Planning Commission would be replaced by a new body which is in sync with the contemporary economic world, invoked former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who had said on April 30 this year that the current structure has "no futuristic vision in the post-reform period".
Modi pushed for an effective structure which strengthens "co-operative federalism" and the concept of 'Team India'. Indications from the day-long meeting suggested that the government is looking at a structure which will have the Prime Minister, some Cabinet ministers and some Chief Ministers along with technocrats and experts in various fields.
Narendra Modi pushed for an effective structure which strengthens "co-operative federalism" and the concept of 'Team India'.
#planning commission #narendra modi #manmohan singh #tracking the modi government
The Chief Ministers could be included in the body on rotation basis and the states could be given liberty to spend funds according to their needs. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, while briefing the media on the deliberations of the meeting, said no time-line has been fixed, saying the Centre will take a "considered view after consultations are over".
However, there were indications that the shape of the new structure could be firmed by January 26 next year. Chief Ministers of West Bengal and Mizoram besides poll-bound Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand did not attend the meeting where the Prime Minister sought to give greater role for the states in the new body.
At the meeting, Congress-ruled states supported the idea of revamping the Planning Commission set up by Jawaharlal Nehru in 1950 but disfavoured its scrapping as they felt it can be "evolved". However, some NDA states and those ruled by parties like AIADMK and TRS wanted immediate disbanding of the Planning Commission.
The meeting deliberated particularly on four aspects like the fate of five-year plan system, annual plans, the flow of funds from the Centre to states as per current practice. The 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17) is already mid-way and questions were raised at the meeting whether it could continue or not, said the Finance Minister after the formal meeting and 'retreat' where consultations were held between the Prime Minister and Chief Ministers without officials.
The role of knowledge institution and think-tanks in the new body was also discussed thoroughly, amid Modi's keenness to involve technocrats and experts in such an institution. Thrust was laid on this aspect as it will enable the role of private sector in planning and policy making. "Changes were favoured by almost all. But there was a question whether the present structure should evolve or a new structure should be created," Jaitley said.
He said 3-4 Chief Ministers wanted the current structure to evolve. Asked whether they were from Congress-ruled states, he replied: "You guessed it correctly." The Prime Minister told the meeting that the process of policy planning needs to change from "top to bottom" to "bottom to top" while stressing that it was impossible for the nation to develop unless states develop.
The states should have a key role in the new body, Modi said, adding that "states sometimes feel there is no platform to express their views...there should be an effective mechanism to address inter-state disputes." "Can we develop a new mechanism, that plans according to India's strengths, empowers states, and brings on board all economic activity, including that which happens outside the Government," the Prime Minister asked, as he set the tone for the discussion.
Invoking the spirit of "co-operative federalism", the Prime Minister said that the current global scenario offered a chance for India to take a big leap forward. This, he added, was possible by formulating a suitable replacement to the Commission with a view to suitably harnessing the strengths of the country. The Prime Minister said the question of role, relevance and restructuring of the Planning Commission had been repeatedly questioned for more than two decades.
The Prime Minister further said that development is now a priority for all and the time has come to develop a new mechanism to deliver growth and development. Modi also noted that in countries such as the USA, think- tanks that function independently of the government have a major role in policy-making. In India too, he added, there is a great deal of economic activity that happens outside the government set-up, and there is a need to design policies for them as well.
Modi further said that inputs provided by Chief Ministers would help in shaping the structure of the new body to replace the Planning Commission. Amid the Prime Minister's emphasis on decentralisation of power and planning, Jaitley noted that it is "fallacy" that one size fits all in case of implementation of central schemes. There cannot be universal scheme that suits all states. Later the Prime Minister held a retreat, a first of its kind where the Prime Minister and Chief Ministers met without the support of any officials in a relaxed, private setting and discussed developmental issues and specific success stories in their states.
The purpose was to learn from each others' successes so that they could be replicated in other states. Chief Ministers highlighted one area each where they had done something innovative and which had a visible impact, either in improving governance or in improving service delivery to citizens. All the participants felt that this was an extremely useful exercise which could be repeated in future.
The first introspection on the role of Planning Commission was done after the launch of economic reforms in 1992 when it was felt that in the light of changing government policy a different approach was required, the Prime Minister said. Even in 2012, the Parliamentary Consultative Committee had stressed the need for a serious look at the Planning Commission and the need for a new body to replace it.
The Cabinet in its meeting on August 13 approved the repeal of the Cabinet Resolution of March 15 1950 by which the Planning Commission was set up. The Cabinet had also authorised the Prime Minister to finalise the contours of the new institution to replace the Planning Commission.
2

PM s Visits Boost India s Perception as Investment Destination: AssochamPM s Visits Boost India s Perception as Investment Destination: Assocham
Bhagwad Gita should be declared as the national holy book: SushmaSwarajWritten by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:30 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 4:30 pm
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Sunday urged that the Bhagwad Gita be declared a ‘Rashtriya Granth’, adding that only a formal announcement to this effect was pending. “The Prime Minister has already given it the stature of national granth by gifting it to US President Barack Obama,” she said.
Speaking at an event on Red Front grounds to mark the “5,151st anniversary” of the Gita, organised by RSS-affiliate Global Inspiration and Enlightenment Organization of Gita (GIEOGITA), Swaraj also advised psychiatrists to read and prescribe the Gita to patients suffering from depression.
Soon after her statement, VHP president Ashok Singhal demanded that PM Narendra Modi declare the Gita a national scripture.
At the same event, Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar said the religious book has been considered above the Constitution.
Representatives of embassies of 20 countries were present at the event.
Criticising Swaraj’s remarks, the Trinamool Congress (TMC) said the Constitution was the “holy book” in a democracy. The Congress called her statement “frivolous”.
“All holy books are our pride,” Mamata Banerjee said. “The Quran, Puranas, Vedas, Vedanta, Bible, Tripitak, Zend-Avesta, Guru Granth Sahib, Gita — we respect all.”
The essence of the Gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism, said the Congress’s Manish Tewari.
Khattar, who had to rush for a meeting of chief ministers called by the PM, was the first to speak among the leaders. “Gita ke sandesh ko jab hum dhyan se padhte hain to… to jaisa kaha hai hamare desh ka samvidhan hi Gita hai. Gita ko samvidhaan se upar maan liya gaya hai. Kisi bhi desh ka samvidhan kaal aur paristhithi ke hisab se badalta rehta hai, lekin Gita aisa saar hai jo sahasvat hai (When we read the Gita carefully… as has been said, our Constitution is the Gita itself. In fact, the Gita is considered above the Constitution. Any country’s constitution changes with time and circumstances, but the Gita is eternal),” said Khattar.
He added that Haryana had doubled the budget for ‘Gita Jayanti’, and requested the PM to issue a postal stamp on Gita Jayanti celebrations.
Urging that the Gita be prescribed to those suffering from depression, Swaraj said, “Depression is a rising problem. People believe eating chocolates and medicines will cure depression. My remedy is that if we read the Gita and live life as per it, we won’t be depressed. Our psychiatrists and counsellors should read the Gita and advise patients according to it. Every argument will end, every doubt will be removed.”
The Union minister credited the Gita with giving her strength during a particularly bad time in her life, and said she attributed her achievements to “Krishna kripa”. Swaraj also said that on December 11, the UN would declare June 21 as ‘Yoga Diwas’.
 

PM Modi Seeks to Replace Planning Commission With  Team IndiaPM Modi Seeks to Replace Planning Commission With  Team India
Sushma pushes for declaring Gita as national scriptureSushma pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
IRC and other aid groups are rebuilding refugees lives© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/4a8c4444-7a54-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nato seeks new weapons to counter Russias information warNato seeks weapons to counter Russia’s information war
Sam Jones, Defence and Security Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad8db1d4-7be6-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

N. Chandrababu NaiduHope to contain gross NPA below 5% this quarter: Andhra Bk
Dec 10, 2014 at 13:34 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The farm loan waiver of up to Rs 1.5 lakh per family announced by Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu is getting implemented today.
Cyclone-hit Vizag limping back to normalcy
Oct 15, 2014 at 10:13 | Source: PTI
The residents of Visakhapatnam have been reeling under a crisis as electricity and daily need items like milk were not available and communication network had virtually collapsed due to the devastation caused by the cyclone which struck on Sunday.
Modi announces Rs 1k cr relief package for Andhra
Oct 14, 2014 at 20:55 | Source: IBNLive.com
He also announced Rs 2 lakh ex-gratia to the next of the kin of those killed and Rs 50,000 for those injured in the cyclone Hudhud.
Cyclone Hudhud weakens; death toll reaches eight
Oct 13, 2014 at 08:20 | Source: IBNLive.com
The intensity of the cyclone has reduced from over 200 kilometre per hour to about 100 kilometre per hour now. The cyclone has now converted from a very severe cyclonic storm to a severe storm.
2 States: Naidu should go with 5 Smart Cyberpurams
Aug 21, 2014 at 16:57 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
A city of about one million (1.5 million if you take the agglomeration) located between two rivers, Krishna and Budameru, Vijayawada is at the centre of the rump state of Andhra. The Vijayawada-Guntur belt is the bastion of the Kamma community, the community to which Naidu belongs.
Centre to assist Andhra Pradesh in power reforms
Jun 26, 2014 at 15:16 | Source: PTI
Power Minister Piyush Goyal said the state-run NTPC has agreed to let the state government use its railway facilities for transportation of coal to fire Andhra Pradesh's thermal power project and generate 500 MW of additional electricity in the next 2-3 months.
Naidu woos Hero MotoCorp to set up plant in Andhra Pradesh
Jun 21, 2014 at 11:14 | Source: PTI
Hero MotoCorp had this week announced that it was planning to set up its sixth manufacturing plant in South India to cater to the domestic market and take its overall annual capacity to 12 million units.
Civic officials, residents face off at Campa Cola society
Jun 20, 2014 at 15:35 | Source: PTI
"We have sympathies for these residents but what can be done after the Supreme Court passed an order. We do sympathise with them. I have spoken to my officials to see if the residents can be given more time," Union Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said.
Chandrababu discusses crop loan waiver issue with RBI Guv
Jun 18, 2014 at 16:12 | Source: PTI
Chandrababu reportedly explained to Rajan the circumstances in which the TDP had promised waiver of crop loans as the agriculture sector was the worst hit due to vagaries of nature in the state during the last decade.
IBA oppose farm loan waiver package of AP, Telangana govts
Jun 17, 2014 at 22:08 | Source: PTI
IBA Chief Executive Officer M V Tanksale said such schemes would dent the financial discipline and opined that instead of providing resources for such schemes, the governments should concentrate on long term development of farming community.
Hope to contain gross NPA below 5% this quarter: Andhra Bk
Dec 10, 2014 at 13:34 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The farm loan waiver of up to Rs 1.5 lakh per family announced by Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu is getting implemented today.
Modi announces Rs 1k cr relief package for Andhra
Oct 14, 2014 at 20:55 | Source: IBNLive.com
He also announced Rs 2 lakh ex-gratia to the next of the kin of those killed and Rs 50,000 for those injured in the cyclone Hudhud.
Cyclone-hit Vizag limping back to normalcy
Oct 15, 2014 at 10:13 | Source: PTI
The residents of Visakhapatnam have been reeling under a crisis as electricity and daily need items like milk were not available and communication network had virtually collapsed due to the devastation caused by the cyclone which struck on Sunday.
Cyclone Hudhud weakens; death toll reaches eight
Oct 13, 2014 at 08:20 | Source: IBNLive.com
The intensity of the cyclone has reduced from over 200 kilometre per hour to about 100 kilometre per hour now. The cyclone has now converted from a very severe cyclonic storm to a severe storm.
2 States: Naidu should go with 5 Smart Cyberpurams
Aug 21, 2014 at 16:57 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
A city of about one million (1.5 million if you take the agglomeration) located between two rivers, Krishna and Budameru, Vijayawada is at the centre of the rump state of Andhra. The Vijayawada-Guntur belt is the bastion of the Kamma community, the community to which Naidu belongs.
Naidu woos Hero MotoCorp to set up plant in Andhra Pradesh
Jun 21, 2014 at 11:14 | Source: PTI
Hero MotoCorp had this week announced that it was planning to set up its sixth manufacturing plant in South India to cater to the domestic market and take its overall annual capacity to 12 million units.
Centre to assist Andhra Pradesh in power reforms
Jun 26, 2014 at 15:16 | Source: PTI
Power Minister Piyush Goyal said the state-run NTPC has agreed to let the state government use its railway facilities for transportation of coal to fire Andhra Pradesh's thermal power project and generate 500 MW of additional electricity in the next 2-3 months.
IBA oppose farm loan waiver package of AP, Telangana govts
Jun 17, 2014 at 22:08 | Source: PTI
IBA Chief Executive Officer M V Tanksale said such schemes would dent the financial discipline and opined that instead of providing resources for such schemes, the governments should concentrate on long term development of farming community.
Civic officials, residents face off at Campa Cola society
Jun 20, 2014 at 15:35 | Source: PTI
"We have sympathies for these residents but what can be done after the Supreme Court passed an order. We do sympathise with them. I have spoken to my officials to see if the residents can be given more time," Union Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said.
Chandrababu discusses crop loan waiver issue with RBI Guv
Jun 18, 2014 at 16:12 | Source: PTI
Chandrababu reportedly explained to Rajan the circumstances in which the TDP had promised waiver of crop loans as the agriculture sector was the worst hit due to vagaries of nature in the state during the last decade.
Videos »

Rohtak sisters were not molested in bus  claim fresh witnessesRohtak sisters were not molested in bus, claim fresh witnesses
Sat Singh , Hindustan Times  Rohtak, December 03, 2014
First Published: 20:37 IST(3/12/2014) | Last Updated: 14:49 IST(4/12/2014)
Two fresh witnesses have come forward with accounts that could scuttle the sexual harassment charges lodged by two Haryana sisters against three youths.
 
They submitted their affidavits on Wednesday to police in support of the three youths - Kuldeep, Deepak and Mohit - accused of sexually harassing the sisters aboard Haryana Roadway bus on November 28.
 
Five others, some of them claiming to be the passengers on the Haryana Roadway bus in which the incident occurred, also shared their affidavits with reporters and stressed that the men have been wronged.
 
Fracas over seats
TV grab of an eve-teaser getting beaten up by two sisters in a bus in Rohtak, Haryana. (PTI Photo)
In her affidavit, Bimla, a resident of Sonepat district, said, she was waiting for bus at Rohtak bus stand. As soon as the bus reached the counter, she asked two of the boys to get seats for her and another woman who was unwell. When the boys requested the two girls - Aarti and Pooja - to vacate the seat allotted for the ailing woman, they refused and went ballistic. They later belted the boys after heated exchange of words. Another girl accompanying them captured the incident on mobile camera. To save themselves, the two boys jumped off the bus, said Bimla in her affidavit.
Three women passengers from Thanakhurd village, the native place of the sisters, have also given similar statements to the police.
 
Eyewitness account of over month-old video
Two witnesses have also given statements in connection with a month-old video showing the sisters beating up a boy in a Rohtak park .
According to Virender Dhankar and Yogeshwer, residents of Baketa village in Rohtak, they were present at the Huda City Park in Rohtak when the incident happened. The girls abused and tore off a boy’s clothes after he asked them why they were wasting their time in the park instead of attending college. Another girl accompanying them videographed it, he told the police.
 
However, now it seems the job of holding up the girls’ accusation rests entirely on the statements given by the conductor and the bus driver.
According to Labh Singh, the conductor of the Haryana Roadway bus on which the incident occurred: “These girls and boys were arguing over some issue. I asked the girls if they wanted the driver to take the bus to the nearest police station. They refused. After the boys misbehaved with them, they beat them up. I have recorded my statement before police, but I was suspended.”
 
Rohtak superintendent of police Shashank Anand said, “We are trying to finalise the chargesheet. We have recorded the statements of the driver and conductor, who have given statements in support of registration of FIR. We have come to know from media reports that some bus passengers have come forward with affidavits. We will record their statements as per the procedure,” he said.

Indonesia eyes its own Silicon ValleyInvestors set their sights on Indonesia’s tech sector
Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4fd5286e-7c32-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

France  Germany suspend some GVK Biosciences  drug approvals over Indian dataFrance, Germany suspend some GVK Biosciences' drug approvals over Indian data
Reuters | Frankfurt/London/Paris/Mumbai Dec 07, 2014 01:50 PM IST
Regulators in France, Germany, Belgium and Luxembourg are suspending the marketing approval of 25 generic drugs due to concerns over the quality of data from clinical trials conducted by India's GVK Biosciences, French watchdog ANSM said on Friday.
The quality of Indian pharmaceuticals has come under fire this year, with regulators in Europe and the US citing problems ranging from data manipulation to sanitation and banning the import of certain products from several firms.
"This decision is taken out of precaution. No element at this stage has led to establish a true risk for human health or a lack of efficacy of these drugs," ANSM said on its website.
All of the drugs being suspended, several of which are made by Mylan and Abbott, have brand name equivalents that can be used instead, so patients will not have to interrupt their treatment, it added.
ANSM and Germany's Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical Devices (BfArM) said they were investigating the drug approvals based on clinical trials meant to show that these generic drugs were equivalent to the original branded versions conducted by GVK Bio between 2008 and 2014.
ANSM said it had alerted European authorities after it inspected GVK Bio's site in Hyderabad, India, and found "anomalies" in the way electrocardiograms (ECG) were monitored during the bioequivalence studies.
It said the inspection raised serious concerns over whether the company's studies complied with good clinical practices.
GVK Bio's CEO Manni Kantipudi disputed the French watchdog's findings and said ECGs were not an important component of the drug efficacy.
ANSM concluded GVK Bio, which conducts clinical research for domestic and foreign drugmakers, manipulated the ECGs without taking into account the company's views, he said.
"We have agreed to redo the studies, I'm fine with that, but don't say that there was gross manipulation of the ECGs," Kantipudi told Reuters. He said the company had received board approval to spend $5.7-$6.5 million for new studies.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) separately released a statement saying it would "issue a recommendation on whether the marketing authorisations of the concerned medicines should be maintained, varied, suspended or withdrawn across the EU". That recommendation is expected in January 2015.
The German watchdog said it was investigating 176 approvals given to 28 drugmakers. It did not name the drugs or companies affected.
BfArM said it was ordering drugmakers whose approvals were found to have been based on data from GVK trials to stop distributing the concerned drugs until they could provide data from new studies.
ANSM said several drugmakers - it did not identify them - had already offered to carry out new studies which, if positive, could allow the drugs on the market again.
GVK Bio's Kantipudi said the company has started conducting new studies for five to six of its clients. About 35 of the company's 400 clients have been affected by the Europoean regulator's move, he said.
He said the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspected its Hyderabad plant in June, after the French regulator's audit, and was satisfied with the ECG-related data. No other regulator had contacted the company since then, he added.

More power to States likely in Modi s re-invented plan panelMore power to States likely in Modi's re-invented plan panel
Richa Mishra/
Tweet
New Delhi, December 7:  
Larger role for States and private sector is what Narendra Modi’s proposed alternative structure for Planning Commission will have, if his brainstorming session on Sunday with the heads of the States and Union Territories are any indications.
While majority of the States favoured a new body replacing the existing Commission, some, mostly Congress-led States were inclined towards evolving the present body into that structure. In fact, some State leaders like Nitish Kumar, Mamata Banerjee have pitched for inter-state councils.
“Every State agreed that there was a need for change with more rights to them. Role of corporate and private sector is important role and also has to be kept in mind. Planning Commission has to re-invent itself in the present environment,” Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said.
Speaking to media after the session, Jaitley said, there were questions raised by the Secretary Planning Commission on – what would be the scope and method of interaction in the new forum; what will be the strategy, tasks and mechanisms for this platform; should the five year plan cycle continue; should the annual plan discussions continue in the present form; how should the annual plan discussion continue.
“States did respond. Some suggested that the number of central schemes should be brought down. States also felt that there is a need to decentralise both power and planning. There was a strong argument that not all schemes fill fit every State equally, States know what suits them best. The sum and substance was that States be more empowered,” he added.
Asked who came and who did not, Jaitley said that all states and union territories were represented, in two cases (West Bengal and Mizoram) the Chief Ministers were represented by the Finance Ministers, while States going into election were represented by their officials.
While he declined to give any timeline by when the new body will be in place, the Finance Minister did press upon the fact that Former Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh, had also advocated that it was time for Planning Commission to re-invent.
On the role of “Think Tank”, Jaitley said that the Prime Minister in his opening remarks noted that in countries such as the USA, think-tanks that function independently have a major role in policy-making. “In India too, there is a great deal of economic activity that happens outside the Government setup, and there is a need to design policies for them as well,” he said. This will also allow industry to voice its views.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Infopark to host job fair for IT professionalsInfopark to host job fair for IT professionals
PTI
Tweet
Kochi, Dec 7:  
Infopark is hosting a two—day job fair for IT professionals and business analysts at its campus here from December 12 as part of its 10th anniversary celebrations.
A number of major IT companies are participating in the recruitment drive looking to absorb skilled B.Tech, MCA and BCA graduates, as well as experienced IT professionals, a press release said.
Vacancies are open for iOS/Andriod/PHP developers, technical lead/architects, software engineers, web developers, Java/Python/.Net developers and J2EE/ATG/Hybris/HTMLS specialists.
Opportunities are also available for business analysts, content writers, test engineers, customer support consultants, big data engineers and technical support consultants.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Maha govt launches portal to track stalled projectsMaha govt launches portal to track stalled projects
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Dec 07, 2014 05:50 PM IST
With a view to putting in place an institutional mechanism to track various stalled projects and also to remove implementation bottlenecks on a fast-track basis, Maharashtra government has set up a Project Monitoring Group (PMG).
The PMG portal, which has been linked to the state government's official website, will track all the projects -public and private sector.
This group would pro-actively pursue the stalled projects so that they are commissioned on time.
A project involving investment between Rs 50 crore and Rs 1,000 crore, or any other critical projects in sectors such as infrastructure, manufacturing, power, would be tracked by the group till its implementation.
According to the government, the group provides transparency and efficiency in the working environment, minimises the processing delay, helps in timely disposal of important issues, enables one to work from anywhere, anytime, leads to a paperless working and provides ease and flexibility in the retrieval of various reports.
Any Ministry/Department or any private entrepreneur can submit the stalled investment projects to the PMG. The list of Nodal Officers is available on the website.
The list of projects considered by PMG will be available on the website and only those projects will be considered in which issues/problems are indicated.
They can see the progress as well as the decisions. Private entrepreneur can register first online and submit their projects with issues.

Come with black money proof  not for fishing expedition: Switzerland to IndiaAzim Premji
(Switzerland's Ambassador…)
MUMBAI: As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.
Switzerland's Ambassador to India Linus von Castelmur also said the past cannot be undone, while promising full support of his country in cases where at least some proof is provided on tax frauds.
He, however, agreed that all the money deposited in Swiss banks might not have always been 'taxed money' in the past, as Switzerland was a major destination for several decades when money would flow in from different sources.
The Ambassador said cooperation by Swiss authorities cannot take place on the basis of stolen lists of account holders and would need independent probes by Indian agencies and at least a prima facie proof of tax frauds.
"We understand and appreciate India's concerns on the matter. We need clear understanding on the issue," Castelmur told PTI in an interview here.
"I think one part of the issue is dealing with the past and Switzerland was destination for several decades where money flowed in from difference sources and that was no always a tax money," he said.
"When we look from present and future, we see that problem will be solved," said Castelmur, who was here for an award function where industrialist Azim Premji was given a Swiss honour for inspirational and socially responsible leadership.
The issue of black money suspected to be stashed abroad, including in Swiss banks, has been a matter of intense debate in India for years.
The matter has been in focus recently with the Opposition parties accusing the government of going back on its promise to bring back black money from overseas within 100 days of its coming to power.
A Supreme Court monitored Special Investigation Team is looking into ways to tackle the black money menace, while the government recently said it has reached a major breakthrough in the form of a new agreement with the Swiss authorities for cooperation on sharing of details about alleged black money holders in Swiss banks.
A global automatic information exchange is also in the works, while the issue is already being discussed at international forums like OECD and G-20 .
"We have excellent contact with Indian government. You cannot undo the past, but future is bright," Castelmur said.
While there is no official estimate of black money suspected to have been stashed by Indians in Swiss banks, there have been various unofficial figures doing the rounds, ranging from a few billions of dollars to trillions of dollars.
As per the latest official data of the Swiss National Bank, the total deposits of Indians in Swiss banks stood at over Rs 14,000 crore at the end of 2013, up by about 42 per cent in a year, but these are the officially declared funds by Indian clients of Swiss banks and might not be illicit wealth.
"In future cases of the money deposited by Indians, Germans or Americans in Swiss banks, the swiss banking and taxation authorities would inform the national tax authorities of the client country and there will be transparency," the Swiss Ambassador said.
Dealing with the past, however, is difficult, he said, while adding that whatever has happened over the last 50 years or so "cannot be undone".
"So, I think Switzerland extends full cooperation to the Indian government on the basis of bilateral agreement we have. We have double taxation avoidance agreement with India and that stipulates administrative legal assistance for tax evasion cases etc," he added.
The treaty, however, stipulates a condition that "we cannot work with so-called fishing expedition and you cannot say I would like to have all the names of Indian account holders in Switzerland. That is not possible," he added.
'Fishing Expedition' refers to a search or investigation undertaken with a hope, though not the stated purpose, of discovering some information.
"We have also decided that we cannot work with stolen data. If somebody has obtained data improperly-illegally, Switzerland cannot honour this kind of claims.
"We can only work when there is true investigation by the Indian tax authority or the Enforcement Directorate, where they have clear prima facie evidence, that there has been a tax fraud involved," the Ambassador said.
"There we extend full cooperation. But our national law does not allow us to enter into 'fishing expedition'. "We cannot enter into discussion on illegally obtained information. If they hold independent investigation, we answer to them and we fully cooperate with them. Once they hand over a list thus prepared, we can cooperate and we will really try to cooperate," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China follows India  rushes water to MaldivesChina
(The first plane has arrived…)
BEIJING: China has rushed 1,000 tonnes of fresh water to Maldives by planes and ships, days after India dispatched over 1,200 tonnes of fresh water to overcome the crippling water crisis in the island nation's capital.
China has arranged delivery of bottled water in two Chinese civil aircrafts to Male. The first plane has arrived with 12 tonnes bottled water yesterday morning, while the second one with eight tonnes got there last night, Chinese foreign ministry said, adding that more water will be sent.
An ocean rescue vessel of the Chinese navy suspended its escort mission and headed for Male port on Friday. With 960 tonnes fresh water and seawater desalting facility on board, the vessel is scheduled to arrive at the destination on Monday, Chinese Defence Ministry was quoted as saying by Xinhua News Agency.
Aircraft of Chinese air force have been ready for urgent rescue mission, and the Chinese side is applying for air route with relevant countries, it added.
Male, located on a low-lying island in the Indian Ocean, has no natural water source and entirely depends on treated sea water.
A major fire broke out at the Maldives Water and Sewerage Company (generator control panel on December 4, causing extensive damage to the cabling of the generator to the Distillation plants, disconnecting water supply.
The Maldives has appealed for aid from India, Sri Lanka, the US and China.
India became the first country to provide aid. India on Friday sent nearly 200 tonnes of water by air and dispatched a naval vessel.
The Indian government has till now pressed into service as many as five Indian Air Force transport aircraft and two Naval vessels for the aid effort.
INS Sukanya, an offshore patrol vessel, was on a routine patrol off Kochi when it was diverted to Male.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CMs back restructuring of PC |  States must have greater roleMost chief ministers favour restructuring of Planning Commission
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 06.45PM IST
Tags:
AIADMK
(The Chief Ministers could…)
NEW DELHI: A meeting called by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss the future of the Planning Commission today saw most Chief Ministers favouring restructuring of the Soviet-era body but there was no consensus on disbanding the existing set-up.
Modi, who has announced in his Independent Day speech that the Planning Commission would be replaced by a new body which is in sync with the contemporary economic world, invoked former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who had said on April 30 this year that the current structure has "no futuristic vision in the post-reform period".
Modi pushed for an effective structure which strengthens "co-operative federalism" and the concept of 'Team India'.
Indications from the day-long meeting suggested that the government is looking at a structure which will have the Prime Minister, some Cabinet ministers and some Chief Ministers along with technocrats and experts in various fields.
The Chief Ministers could be included in the body on rotation basis and the states could be given liberty to spend funds according to their needs.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, while briefing the media on the deliberations of the meeting, said no time-line has been fixed, saying the Centre will take a "considered view after consultations are over".
However, there were indications that the shape of the new structure could be firmed by January 26 next year.
Chief Ministers of West Bengal and Mizoram besides poll-bound Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand did not attend the meeting where the Prime Minister sought to give greater role for the states in the new body.
At the meeting, Congress-ruled states supported the idea of revamping the Planning Commission set up by Jawaharlal Nehru in 1950 but disfavoured its scrapping as they felt it can be "evolved".
However, some NDA states and those ruled by parties like AIADMK and TRS wanted immediate disbanding of the Planning Commission.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SBI to take final call on $1 billion loan to Adani in 3 monthsYou are here: Home > Collections > Loan
SBI to take final call on $1 billion loan to Adani in 3 months
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 06.48PM IST
Tags:
Adani
(SBI has said the final decision…)
NEW DELHI: State Bank of India has said the final decision on the controversial $1 billion (Rs 6,200 crore) loan agreement with Adani Group for its Australian mining project would be taken by the executive committee of the bank in 2-3 months.
SBI had last month signed the pact with Adani Group on the sidelines of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Australia.
"The executive committee after due deliberations will decide about the disbursement to Adani," State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya told PTI.
"At present, all the aspects are being studied. Appraisal is being done. It will take about two-three months to study the project and thereafter taken to the committee for final approval," she added.
Loans of over Rs 400 crore are generally cleared by executive committee headed by the Chairperson. The other members of the executive committee include two executive directors (of the four managing directors on board) and non-executive director/directors who are present in the city where the meeting is held.
Besides, Reserve Bank nominee director Urjit R Patel (RBI Deputy Governor) is a part of the executive committee.
Adani Mining is building a 300-km rail line for its about $16 billion Carmichael coal mine project in Australia.
The development of the coal mine located at Queensland in Australia and required infrastructure including railways would cost $7.6 billion.
Queensland state's Coordinator General has approved $2 billion (2.2 billion Australian dollars) rail line project called the North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) that would link Adani's Carmichael Coal Mine with Abbot point coal terminal.
Opposition party Congress had raised concerns over SBI' $1 billion loan pact with Adani Group signed during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Australia.
"What was the propriety of the SBI giving the loan to Adani, who was sitting next to Prime Minister during the visit, at a time when some five foreign banks have denied credit to the group for the project?", Congress General Secretary Ajay Maken had said.
Bhattacharya had clarified the bank had just signed a memorandum of understanding.
"This is not a loan sanction that we have given. It will go through proper due diligence both on the credit side as well as on the viability side... The board will take a call and then only loan will be given," she had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rahul Gandhi believes in politics to oppose without issues: Giriraj SinghWritten by Raakhi Jagga | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 7, 2014 7:18 pm
Reacting on the statement of AICC Vice-President Rahul Gandhi that terrorist activities had started in J&K after NDA Government came in power, Union minister of micro small and medium enterprises (MSME) Giriraj Singh said that Rahul had no issue to talk about and he was doing politics to oppose.
The minister was in Ludhiana to attend meetings arranged by industrial organizations and he stated that Rahul Gandhi was having no issue and hence was giving such statements. Singh stated that BJP will gain majority in Jharkhand as well as Jammu and Kashmir. He said, “this time Ballot will win in J&K and not bullet. The poll results will make it clear.”
He came Saturday night to Ludhiana to be part of a meeting organized by Chamber of Industrial and Commercial Undertakings (CICU) and Sunday morning he also met members of Federation of Industrial and commercial organization (FICO). Giriraj Singh stated that PM Narendra Modi was worried about the drug addiction problem in Punjab which was making youth as their target. He stated that Punjab needed to come out of this problem.
Later the minister asked the industrialists to give him a paper regarding their demands so that he can act upon them.
Avtar Singh, President of CICU and Gurmeet Singh Kular, President of FICO in separate meetings told the minister that imported bicycle parts from China were affecting the small units and were raising questions over Government’s slogan ‘Make in India’. Minister agreed over this issue, but gave no commitment as what he will do to tackle it.
Make in India is not a slogan but emotion:
He told the industrialists that Make in India was not just a slogan but an ‘emotion’ for the Government and he stated that Ludhiana cannot be ignored while working on this slogan.
Meeting with BJP beopar cell:
He also had a meeting with BJP beopar cell late in the afternoon where he asked the leaders to stay in touch with the industrial associations and convey their demands to him which were under the preview of his ministry.
No differences with SAD:
The Minister stated that BJP was going strong with SAD and had no differences, as being projected. He stated that the alliance will run smoothly even in the coming years as well.

Cricket World Cup Trophy reaches PunjabCricket World Cup Trophy reaches Punjab
J&K: Grenade attack at polling booth  CISF jawaninjuredBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 7, 2014 7:44 pm
A CISF jawan was injured on Sunday as militants hurled a grenade at a polling booth in Tral constituency of Pulwama district, where polling is to be held on Tuesday.
The ultras lobbed the grenade at higher secondary school, which has been designated as a polling station, at Noorpora in Tral area of south Kashmir, 35 kms from here, a police officer said.
A CISF jawan on polling duty sustained minor injuries in the attack, he said.
No militant outfit has claimed responsibility for the attack so far.
Tral is one of the 16 constituencies – spread over three Kashmir Valley districts – going to the polls in the third phase of elections on December 9.
Jammu and Kashmir has witnessed a series of militant attacks since the start of the polling process.
On December 5, Kashmir Valley was rocked by four terror attacks leaving 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel dead along with two civilians.

Assam has lost Rs 10 000-crore on crude oil royalty  Tarun Gogoi tells PMModiWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 7, 2014 7:41 pm
The Assam government had incurred a cumulative loss of revenue to the tune of about Rs 10,000 crore since 2008-09 due to oil companies not paying royalty on crude oil at 20 per cent on well-head price, chief minister Tarun Gogoi told prime minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Sunday.
Gogoi, while participating in the prime minister’s consultative meeting with chief ministers on restructuring the Planning Commission said Assam had incurred this heavy revenue loss as oil exploration companies were paying royalty on crude oil on the basis of heavily discounted price and not on production of crude oil at 20 percent on well head price.
“I strongly urge the Prime Minister to see to it that companies engaged in exploration of crude oil in Assam are made to pay royalty on production of crude oil at 20 percent on well head price and not on the basis of heavily discounted price,” he said.
“We estimate that this has resulted in cumulative loss of revenue of more than Rs. 10,000 crore to Assam since 2008-09. We have raised this issue before the hon’ble Prime Minister several times before and we hope that this would be speedily addressed,” Gogoi said. Assam had produced 4709 thousand metric tons of crude oil during 2013-14, which was slightly less than 4863 thousand metric tons produced during 2012-13.
Taking up some key issues relating to the flow of funds affecting all the eight states of the Northeastern region, Gogoi also urged the prime minister to accord priority to the issue of transferring the whopping Rs. 12,000 crore accumulated under the Non-Lapsable Central Pool of Resources (NLCPR) of selected ministries to the ministry of development of Northeastern region.
Gogoi, who opposed replacing the Planning Commission by a new institution, said this would do more harm than good. “Replacing the Planning Commission, without carefully devising the new structure to meet the obligations of our polity and economy, is likely to do more harm than good. I am not in favour of replacing the Planning Commission by a new institution without a proper examination of the implications involved and in the absence of an institutional structure acceptable to all,” he said.
Advocating the need for continuation of the existing funding pattern of Centrally Sponsored Schemes (on a 90:10 basis), the Assam chief minister also pleaded with the prime minister for continuous support to all Special Category states in case the new institution comes up.

Bhagavad Gita must be declared national scripture  says Sushma SwarajComments
External affairs minister Sushma Swaraj on Sunday urged the Centre to declare the Bhagavad Gita a national scripture and applauded Prime Minister Narendra Modi for presenting the book to world leaders.
External affairs minister Sushma Swaraj with Haryana chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar and Yoga guru Ramdev in New Delhi on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
“PM Modi gifted the Gita to US President Barack Obama, which means it has already received the honour of a national scripture. What we require is only a formal announcement now,” Sushma Swaraj said in a public meeting to mark 5,151 years of the Bhagavad Gita at the Red Fort.
Underscoring the importance of the Gita's role in daily life, she said its message to perform one's duty without feeling attached to its outcome is what guides her sense of duty at the ministry.
The Gita, believed to be the advice of Lord Krishna, is a 700-verse Hindu scripture that is part of the epic Mahabharata. Its call for selfless action inspired many leaders of the independence movement, including Mahatma Gandhi who referred to the Gita as his ‘spiritual dictionary’.
PM Modi had also gifted the Gita to Japan PM Shinzo Abe and the Emperor of Japan during his five-day trip in September.
Her comment evoked instant reactions from Opposition parties including the Congress, Janata Dal (United) and the Trinamool Congress. They are likely to raise the issue in the Parliament on Monday.
Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) leader Ashok Singhal, yoga guru Ramdev and Haryana chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar were present at the function.
“I am able to face the challenges as minister only because of the teachings of the Gita. The book contains answers to everybody’s problems,” Swaraj said at the function.
Reacting to her comment, the Trinamool Congress tweeted: “The constitution is the holy book in a democracy”, adding that they respected all religious books.
Congress leader Manish Tewari said the essence of the Gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism. “Whoever has internalised the teachings of the Gita will not make frivolous comments such as these,” said Tiwari.
JD (U) president Sharad Yadav dismissed Swaraj’s comments as “rubbish”, saying that “instead of focusing on the task of governance, the National Democratic Alliance leaders were raising mindless issues”.
I urged to make Bhagwat Gita our 'Rashtriya Granth' (national holy book) inside Parliament also: Sushma Swaraj pic.twitter.com/V3Q5e1mD7W

Black money: Come with proof  Switzerland to IndiaComments
As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.
Switzerland's Ambassador to India Linus von Castelmur also said the past cannot be undone, while promising full support of his country in cases where at least some proof is provided on tax frauds.
He, however, agreed that all the money deposited in Swiss banks might not have always been 'taxed money' in the past, as Switzerland was a major destination for several decades when money would flow in from different sources.
The Ambassador said cooperation by Swiss authorities cannot take place on the basis of stolen lists of account holders and would need independent probes by Indian agencies and at least a prima facie proof of tax frauds.
"We understand and appreciate India's concerns on the matter. We need clear understanding on the issue," Castelmur told PTI in an interview.
"I think one part of the issue is dealing with the past and Switzerland was destination for several decades where money flowed in from difference sources and that was no always a tax money," he said.
"When we look from present and future, we see that problem will be solved," said Castelmur, who was here for an award function where industrialist Azim Premji was given a Swiss honour for inspirational and socially responsible leadership.
The issue of black money suspected to be stashed abroad, including in Swiss banks, has been a matter of intense debate in India for years.
The matter has been in focus recently with the Opposition parties accusing the government of going back on its promise to bring back black money from overseas within 100 days of its coming to power.
A Supreme Court monitored Special Investigation Team is looking into ways to tackle the black money menace, while the government recently said it has reached a major breakthrough in the form of a new agreement with the Swiss authorities for cooperation on sharing of details about alleged black money holders in Swiss banks.
A global automatic information exchange is also in the works, while the issue is already being discussed at international forums like OECD and G-20.
"We have excellent contact with Indian government. You cannot undo the past, but future is bright," Castelmur said.
While there is no official estimate of black money suspected to have been stashed by Indians in Swiss banks, there have been various unofficial figures doing the rounds, ranging from a few billions of dollars to trillions of dollars.
As per the latest official data of the Swiss National Bank, the total deposits of Indians in Swiss banks stood at over Rs. 14,000 crore at the end of 2013, up by about 42% in a year, but these are the officially declared funds by Indian clients of Swiss banks and might not be illicit wealth.
"In future cases of the money deposited by Indians, Germans or Americans in Swiss banks, the swiss banking and taxation authorities would inform the national tax authorities of the client country and there will be transparency," the Swiss Ambassador said.
Dealing with the past, however, is difficult, he said, while adding that whatever has happened over the last 50 years or so "cannot be undone".
"So, I think Switzerland extends full cooperation to the Indian government on the basis of bilateral agreement we have. We have double taxation avoidance agreement with India and that stipulates administrative legal assistance for tax evasion cases etc," he added.
The treaty, however, stipulates a condition that "we cannot work with so-called fishing expedition and you cannot say I would like to have all the names of Indian account holders in Switzerland. That is not possible," he added.
'Fishing Expedition' refers to a search or investigation undertaken with a hope, though not the stated purpose, of discovering some information.
"We have also decided that we cannot work with stolen data. If somebody has obtained data improperly-illegally, Switzerland cannot honour this kind of claims.
"We can only work when there is true investigation by the Indian tax authority or the Enforcement Directorate, where they have clear prima facie evidence, that there has been a tax fraud involved," the Ambassador said.
"There we extend full cooperation. But our national law does not allow us to enter into 'fishing expedition'. "We cannot enter into discussion on illegally obtained information. If they hold independent investigation, we answer to them and we fully cooperate with them. Once they hand over a list thus prepared, we can cooperate and we will really try to cooperate," he said.

Plan panel does not meet aspirations of states: MP CMPlan panel does not meet aspirations of states: MP CM
J&K: NC supporters attack BJP supporters in BishnahconstituencyBy: Express News Service | Jammu |
Posted: December 7, 2014 9:05 pm
Three Bharatiya Janata Party workers including an elected Sarpanch of Chakra were injured after they were allegedly attacked by some supporters of National Conference in Bishnah Assembly constituency late on Sunday evening.
The victims were attacked while they were returning home after attending a meeting of BJP candidate, Ashwani Kumar, who is seeking re-election from the area for the third time in a row. Identified as Vijay Saini, Sarpanch of Chakra, besides Satpal and Suraj, the injured were rushed to Government Medical College Hospital at Jammu.
The police have arrested three people and registered a case.
Giving details, police said that the trouble erupted when victims after the meeting started raising slogans for BJP candidate in front of the shops of the assailants who happened to be supporters of some other party. Moreover, Vijay Saini had last year allegedly assaulted one of them.
As Saini and his supporters did not listen to assailants’ request to move away from their shop, the latter attacked them with a rod.

Kerala: Police  Maoists exchange fire inWayanadWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 7, 2014 8:49 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 8:50 pm
Police on Sunday said there was exchange of fire between police and suspected Maoists gang in a forest region at North Kerala’s Wayanad district. In its recent history, Kerala had not so far reported any direct encounter between police and Maoists.
Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala said thunderbolt, a special police force, were search for the Maoists in the forest, when they fired at the police team and police also returned fire several rounds. However, there was no casualty, said the home minister.
He said all police stations in Wayanad district have been asked to step up alert, but there was no panic situation. The incident was reported from Vellamunda police station limits in Wayand, where the special police force was on combing operation.
On November 18, a resort under neighbouring Thirunelli police limits was ransacked by a four-member gang. Two weeks later, CPI (Maoist) had claimed that they were behind the attack.
In a press release issued to the media, the Western Ghats zonal committee of the CPI (Maoist) said the attack was a warning against “the real estate-tourism mafia,’’ which has ravaged the hills of Wayanad district.
Earlier this month, the CPI (Maoists) had claimed that they were behind the attack on the corporate office of Nitta Gelatin India Limited (NGIL) in Kochi. The office of the Japan-India venture was ransacked in broad daylight, after threatening the security guards.
Since February, 2012, suspected Maoists activities were reported from Wayanad, Kozhikode, Malappuram and Kannur, all North Kerala districts. Police had recovered pamphlets, suspected to be distributed by Maoists gangs.
Many tribal people had claimed that they had a face-to-face with Maoists, but police had not so far met any one.

Sushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Bhagwad Gita as national holybookWritten by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:30 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 4:30 pm
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Sunday urged that the Bhagwad Gita be declared a ‘Rashtriya Granth’, adding that only a formal announcement to this effect was pending. “The Prime Minister has already given it the stature of national granth by gifting it to US President Barack Obama,” she said.
Speaking at an event on Red Front grounds to mark the “5,151st anniversary” of the Gita, organised by RSS-affiliate Global Inspiration and Enlightenment Organization of Gita (GIEOGITA), Swaraj also advised psychiatrists to read and prescribe the Gita to patients suffering from depression.
Soon after her statement, VHP president Ashok Singhal demanded that PM Narendra Modi declare the Gita a national scripture.
At the same event, Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar said the religious book has been considered above the Constitution.
Representatives of embassies of 20 countries were present at the event.
Criticising Swaraj’s remarks, the Trinamool Congress (TMC) said the Constitution was the “holy book” in a democracy. The Congress called her statement “frivolous”.
“All holy books are our pride,” Mamata Banerjee said. “The Quran, Puranas, Vedas, Vedanta, Bible, Tripitak, Zend-Avesta, Guru Granth Sahib, Gita — we respect all.”
The essence of the Gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism, said the Congress’s Manish Tewari.
Khattar, who had to rush for a meeting of chief ministers called by the PM, was the first to speak among the leaders. “Gita ke sandesh ko jab hum dhyan se padhte hain to… to jaisa kaha hai hamare desh ka samvidhan hi Gita hai. Gita ko samvidhaan se upar maan liya gaya hai. Kisi bhi desh ka samvidhan kaal aur paristhithi ke hisab se badalta rehta hai, lekin Gita aisa saar hai jo sahasvat hai (When we read the Gita carefully… as has been said, our Constitution is the Gita itself. In fact, the Gita is considered above the Constitution. Any country’s constitution changes with time and circumstances, but the Gita is eternal),” said Khattar.
He added that Haryana had doubled the budget for ‘Gita Jayanti’, and requested the PM to issue a postal stamp on Gita Jayanti celebrations.
Urging that the Gita be prescribed to those suffering from depression, Swaraj said, “Depression is a rising problem. People believe eating chocolates and medicines will cure depression. My remedy is that if we read the Gita and live life as per it, we won’t be depressed. Our psychiatrists and counsellors should read the Gita and advise patients according to it. Every argument will end, every doubt will be removed.”
The Union minister credited the Gita with giving her strength during a particularly bad time in her life, and said she attributed her achievements to “Krishna kripa”. Swaraj also said that on December 11, the UN would declare June 21 as ‘Yoga Diwas’.
 

Pension budget raised from Rs. 1 030 cr. to Rs. 4 000 cr.Updated: December 7, 2014 21:25 IST
‘Pension budget raised from Rs. 1,030 cr. to Rs. 4,000 cr.’
Special Correspondent
Telangana Finance Minister Etela Rajender. File Photo: P.V. Sivakumar
TOPICS
government aid
The State government has enhanced budget from Rs. 1,030 crore to Rs. 4,000 crore for payment pensions, and all the eligible will get pensions, said Finance Minister Etela Rajender.
Speaking to newsmen here on Sunday, he said number of beneficiaries would be more than the existing number and one need not worry if they miss the bus as this is a continuous process and all the eligible persons will be covered after due verification, and with the help of local MLA, he said.
Similarly, all pink card holders will get 4-kg. rice and the limitations such as - income of the family - has been relaxed to cover
more number of poor, both in rural and urban areas. The first phase of distribution of pensions would be held from December 10 to 15 across the State, he said.
Referring to the criticism from TDP leaders, Mr. Rajender said that it was the TDP that tried to stall the process of separate Telangana. Mr. Naidu himself confessed that he tried his best to block formation of the State. “The Telangana TDP leaders are trying to bring the rule of Andhra leaders again but they will not succeed. I appeal to people of Telangana to beware of conspiracies of Andhra leaders who are still trying to prove that the division of the State is a bad experiment. We will prove them wrong and people are willing to support us,” Mr. Rajender said.
The TDP leaders are dreaming of coming to power in 2019 and that is what Mr. Naidu said. But he should see if his party would still be here in Telangana till then. People have rejected them and are not willing to accept it anymore seeing its true colours, the Finance Minister said.

Amit Shah meets CMs of BJP-ruled statesAmit Shah meets CMs of BJP-ruled states
The work of the IRC in rebuilding refugees lives© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/4a8c4444-7a54-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reliance Industries signs pact with Mexican firm for oil and gas huntNEW DELHI, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 10:13 IST
Reliance Industries signs pact with Mexican firm for oil and gas hunt
PTI
Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani
TOPICS
company information
Reliance Industries has signed an agreement with Mexican state-owned company, Petroleos Mexicanos (PEMEX) for cooperation in upstream oil and gas production as well as in refining business.
As per the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) “RIL will cooperate with PEMEX for assessment of potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico and jointly evaluate value added opportunities in international markets,” a company statement said.
RIL and PEMEX will also share expertise and skills in the relevant areas of oil and gas industry, including for deep—water oil and gas exploration and production.
“The MoU envisages sharing of RIL’s pioneering expertise in deep-water development and best practices in East Coast of India and RIL’s experience in shale gas in United States,” it said.
RIL will also provide technical support and share experience with PEMEX for refining value maximisation and other technical optimisation strategies.
“RIL’s cooperation with PEMEX is in line with its growth strategy to explore opportunities to expand its international asset base in regimes having internationally attractive competitive terms.
“The company hopes to leverage its organisational capabilities and expertise to create long-term value for Exploration and Production Business and for RIL on the whole,” it added.

Indias domestic air passenger traffic up 16.3 percentNEW DELHI, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 12:54 IST
India’s domestic air passenger traffic up 16.3 percent
IANS
economy (general)
The International Air Transport Association (IATA) said on Friday that India’s domestic market increased by 16.3 percent last month as a result of market stimulation by domestic carriers.
“Indian domestic traffic climbed 16.3 percent (October). Although this was a considerable slowdown compared to September year-over-year growth of 26.4%, it was still a strong result and reflects market stimulation by local carriers,” IATA was quoted in a statement.
The country’s domestic traffic spiked 26.3 percent in September.
According to IATA the growth rates potentially were attributable to revived confidence over the new business-supportive government, the generation of strong demand owing to market stimulation measures introduced by carriers.
According to IATA, India’s domestic capacity in the month under review rose 3.4 percent when compared to October, 2013.
“International domestic travel demand rose 5.8 percent in October compared to October 2013, with the strongest growth occurring in China and India,” IATA pointed out.
Tony Tyler, director general and chief executive, IATA said that the fall in oil prices, if sustained, could provide a much-needed operating cushion. But there are risks which must also be accounted for-including the proliferation of political instability.
Currently the global crude oil prices are hovering under $70 a barrel, as a result of decision taken by Oranisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) last week not to cut production in line with cartel leader Saudi Arabia’s strategy to combat the US shale oil boom.
Data furnished by the civil aviation ministry, showed that domestic air passenger traffic increased by 18.31 percent in October to 59.25 lakh passengers - up from 50.08 lakh ferried in the corresponding month last year.
According to data furnished by the aviation regulator Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), year-on-year basis there was an increase of over 8.61 percent in the passenger traffic.
“Passengers carried by domestic airlines during Jan-Oct 2014 were 550.68 lakh as against 507.03 lakh during the corresponding period of previous year thereby registering a growth of 8.61 percent,” DGCA said in a statement.
The data showed that low-cost carrier IndiGo achieved the highest market share at 31.9 percent followed by Air India at 19.5, SpiceJet at 17.3 percent, Jet Airways at 16.4 percent, GoAir at 8.5 percent and JetLite at 4.1 percent.
Regional carriers Air Costa and AirAsia India reported 1.1 percent market share each.

Indias mfg  services growth outpaced China in November: HSBCeconomy (general)
Manufacturing and services sectors in India expanded at a faster pace than China in November, even as emerging market output slipped for the second consecutive month to a six-month low, a HSBC survey said on Friday.
The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from PMI surveys, slipped for the second month running to 51.2, signalling the weakest rate of expansion since May.
The EMI remained well below its long-run trend level of 53.7 as both manufacturers and service providers in emerging markets registered slower and identical rates of output expansion in November, HSBC said.
“2014 looks set to record the lowest annual average for the Index since its inception in November 2005,” the HSBC report added.
Data for the four largest emerging economies showed contrasting activity trends in November. China registered growth for the seventh month running, while India posted the fastest growth since June.
Russia and Brazil, however, registered sharper rates of decline during November.
During November, the HSBC composite index for India, that maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 53.6, whereas for China it was 51.1, Brazil (48.1) and Russia (47.6).
An index measure of above 50 indicates expansion.
“Downturns in Russia and Brazil are intensifying to worrying extents, and China’s economic growth rate continues to slow. Only India saw an improvement in November,” Markit Chief Economist Chris Williamson said.
Meanwhile, the outlook for global emerging markets also deteriorated during November. The HSBC Emerging Markets Future Output Index, which tracks firms’ expectations for activity in 12 months’ time, fell to a new record-low.
All four of the largest emerging economies posted weaker sentiment for next 12 months, most notably Russia and Brazil, while China posted the lowest output expectations.

Centre wants to create IT hubs in smaller townsNEW DELHI, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 23:13 IST
Centre wants to create IT hubs in smaller towns
Staff Reporter
The government wants to create new hubs for information technology (IT) services, particularly in smaller towns, Minister for Communications and IT Ravi Shankar Prasad said here on Friday.
BPOs
“I want BPOs (business process outsourcing) to be opened up in smaller towns. I have asked my officers to come up with an incentive-driven scheme so that BPOs can be opened in places like Deoria, Gorakhpur, Balia, Seetamarhi, Samastipur, Tiruchi in Tamil Nadu and Ahmednagar in Maharashtra,” the Minister said while speaking at the ‘Digital India Conclave 2014’, organised by Chase India.
Stating that the power of technology could be a great leveller, he said to grow India must fill the gap between the rural and urban areas.
The government would lay about seven lakh kilometres of optical fibre network to connect all village panchayats by high speed broadband services by 2016, he said.
The government has set a target to roll out OFC network for high speed broadband services across 50,000 village panchayats by the end of this financial year, one lakh by March next and another one lakh by the end of 2016.
Further, he added that the government was also working on building a portal for ‘lost and found’ children, which should be up soon.

Is Catalonias bid for independence affecting its housing marketDecember 5, 2014 12:51 pm
Is Catalonia’s bid for independence affecting its housing market?
Ian Mount
Barcelona attracts foreign buyers despite fears of possible political and monetary instability in the Spanish region
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09b5d572-7566-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Victorias Secret show  LondonVictoria’s Secret show, London
Carola Long
Thai boxing, diamond-dust exfoliators and lashings of lip gloss — find out more about the art of looking like an ‘angel’
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9ffb09c-7b12-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Theatre directors dramatic exit from Minsk to LondonDecember 5, 2014 2:36 pm
Theatre director’s dramatic exit from Minsk to London
Izabella Scott
Natalia Kaliada set up an underground theatre movement in Belarus but was forced to flee to the UK
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3789cbc-7589-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Assets declaration form for babus likely to be simplifiedBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The format for declaration of assets and liabilities by government employees under the Lokpal rules may be simplified, following concerns raised by several departments.
According to the rules notified under the Lokpal and Lokayukta Act, all public servants shall file declaration, information and annual returns pertaining to his assets and liabilities, along with that of their spouses and dependent children.
However, several ministries/departments and other stakeholders have raised concerns about the complexity involved in furnishing the desired details in the form prescribed under the rules, official sources said.
Following this, a committee was formed to look into the matter. The committee has submitted its first report, recommending simplified formats for declaration of movable property, debts and other liabilities, they said.
The government may issue an amended form for filing of assets by its employees. The matter is now being examined by officials of the
Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) and a final decision is likely to be taken soon as the last date for filing such details is approaching, the sources said.
The DoPT had in September notified the Public Servants (Furnishing of Information and Annual Return of Assets and Liabilities and the Limits for Exemption of Assets in Filing Returns) Amendment Rules, 2014, extending the date for the filing of returns to December 31.
As per the rules, every public servant shall file the returns of his assets and liabilities, including that of his spouse and dependent family members, on March 31 every year on or before July 31 of that year. For the current year, the last date for filing these returns was September 15, which was later extended to December-end.
The declarations under the Lokpal Act are in addition to similar ones filed by the employees under various services rules.
All Group A, B, and C employees are supposed to file a declaration under the new rules. There are about 22,95,374 employees in these three categories, as per the government’s latest data.
The form for filing this return has fields for mentioning details of cash in hand, bank deposits, investment in bonds, debentures, shares and units in companies or mutual funds, insurance policies, provident fund, personal loans and advance given to any person or entity, among others.
The employees need to declare motor vehicles, aircraft, yachts or ships, gold and silver jewellery and bullion possessed by them, their spouses and dependent children.
However, the rules state that the competent authority may exempt a public servant from filing information in respect of any asset if its value does not exceed his or her four months’ basic pay or Rs 2 lakh, whichever is higher.
TAGS: Lokpal
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Bhilai Steel Plant registers record output of plates  long rails in April-Nov periodBhilai Steel Plant registers record output of plates, long rails in April-Nov period
BS Reporter | Raipur Dec 07, 2014 03:31 PM IST
Bhilai Steel Plant (BSP), the flagship entity of the Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), has recorded its best ever April-November performance in production of plates and long rails.
The plant recorded its best ever production of finished plates including high tensile (HT) plates, both for domestic sales and export, loading of long rails and loading of saleable steel for direct dispatches, a statement issued by the company said.
The plant’s plate mill recorded production of 858,900 tonnes of finished plates against its previous best of 855,300 tonnes recorded in the same period back in FY 2008. The mill produced 164,000 tonnes of HT plates, up from its previous best of 1,48,600 tonnes in the corresponding period in FY14.
The performance also included highest ever production 121,900 tonnes of HT plates for domestic sales and 42,100 tonnes for export, against previous best figures of 107,200 and 41,500 tonnes, respectively, recorded in April-November, FY14.
The loading of 100,000 tonnes of long rails for Indian Railways has been the best ever for April to November period as against previous best of 93,900 tonnes recorded in FY13, the company statement said.
Loading of 12,02,900 tonnes of steel for direct dispatches is also the best ever for the period. The previous best figure for the same was 11,22,500 tonnes recorded in the same period last fiscal. 

Steel cos competitive enough to counter surge in imports: SAILSteel cos competitive enough to counter surge in imports: SAIL
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 07, 2014 03:55 PM IST
Allaying apprehensions of rising steel imports, state-run SAIL today said capacity expansion of almost all steel-makers indicate that the domestic industry is resilient and competitive enough to balance it out with proportionate exports.
"China, Japan and Korea are exporting, but their exports are subject to some duties and all that. They have to bear the cost of transportation. We are much more competitive to counter the surge in imports. Today also our exports and imports are by and large equal. Imports are there and exports are there," SAIL Chairman C S Verma told PTI in an interview.
Taking advantage of free trade agreements, Japan and Korea have been pushing exports to India. India does not have any such trade pact with China which has also stepped up exports to India taking some local duty benefits and even circumventing duties.
These have led to a 40 per cent surge in imports during the April-October period of the current fiscal compared to the same period last fiscal.
There is also certain compulsion for these countries to export more as domestic demand has reached a saturation level resulting in total imports to India during the period to 4.741 million tonnes compared to 3.198 million tonnes exports from the country in the same period.
"Even as the global steel growth remains subdued and going to remain subdued that is not going to impact the Indian steel industry. India is a happening place. There is growth in Indian steel production and consumption both. There are no fears," Verma said.
When asked whether demand reaching the saturation level in markets of major steel makers is a reason for import worries for the domestic industry, he posed a counter question: "Can you tell me why all domestic firms, be it Tata Steel, SAIL, RINL and JSW Steel, all are galloping?"
India's steel consumption grew by just 0.5 per cent during the April-October period to 43.112 million tonnes on poor off-take from major consuming sectors such as construction and auto even as imports rose sharply.
Verma, however, exuded optimism saying that steel consumption would certainly grow by 8-9 per cent next year with the economy projected to grow by 6-7 per cent.
"I am optimistic because already a number of projects have been announced and these would now be getting into the mode of commissioning. This will led into sustained demand growth for steel. Not a single domestic steel industry has curtailed capacity expansion plans.

Isuzu to scale up production to 1.2 lakh/yea...Isuzu Motors India to scale up production to 1.2 lakh units per year by 2016
By PTI | 8 Dec, 2014, 07.36AM IST
Tweet
JAIPUR: Isuzu Motors India is looking at scaling up its production to 1,20,000 units per annum in the country with an investment of Rs 3,000 crore by 2016.
The automaker today opened its first showroom here and has plans to open 60 outlets across India by end of 2015-16, its Deputy Managing Director Shigeru Wakabayashi told a press conference here.
It has also launched its sports utility vehicle MU-7 and its range of pick up trucks D-Max in the Rajasthan market.
"This dealership marks our entry into the largest state of the country (Rajasthan) which houses many industries including minerals, agriculture and textiles. And our vehicles known for ruggedness, durability and fuel efficiency will definitely appeal to our customers," he said.
Isuzu with its plant site in Sri City in Andhra Pradesh , will scale up the production capacity to 1,20,000 units per year by early 2016, with the accumulated investment of Rs 3000 crore, and is expected to generate 2,000-3,000 jobs, Wakabayashi added.
Isuzu Motor India plans to achieve 100 per cent localisation within three years of commencing production in 2016, he said.

Indians overstaying in Nepal arrested  released laterIndians overstaying in Nepal arrested, released later
PTI
Tweet
Kathmandu, Dec 7:  
At least 12 Indians have been arrested in Nepal for allegedly overstaying in the country without proper documents but were on Sunday released by the police.
The 12 Indians were among 20 people, including six Pakistani nationals, arrested yesterday. Police spokesperson Madhav Poudyal said the Indians were released as there were no sufficient evidence against them. Two Nepalese citizens who were also arrested with the group of foreigners were released today.
However, the six Pakistani nationals have been detained further for questioning and their involvement in any anti-social activity is being probed, the spokesperson said without giving other details.
They were staying in the country even after the expiry of their visas, police said.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Bangladesh sends 100 tonnes of drinking water to MaldivesBangladesh sends 100 tonnes of drinking water to Maldives
PTI
Tweet
Dhaka, Dec 7:  
Bangladesh on Sunday sent 100 tonnes of drinking water and five desalination plants to Maldives, joining India and China to help the island nation overcome the crippling water crisis in its capital Male.
Bangladesh Navy vessel BNS Samudra Joy departed from Chittagong port with the aid for the crisis stricken country this morning, Dhaka Tribune quoted Bangladesh Navy’s press release as saying.
India became the first country to provide aid as it sent nearly 200 tonnes of water by air and dispatched a naval vessel on Friday. Today, an Indian Navy vessel and an Air Force aircraft carrying nearly 1,000 tonnes of fresh water reached Male.
China shipped 1,000 tonnes of fresh water to address the emergency situation yesterday. It has also arranged delivery of bottled water in two Chinese civil aircrafts to Male.
Male, located on a low-lying island in the Indian Ocean, has no natural water source and entirely depends on treated sea water.
A major fire broke out at the Maldives Water and Sewerage Company (generator control panel on December 4, causing extensive damage to the cabling of the generator to the Distillation plants, disconnecting water supply.
The Maldives has appealed for aid from India, Sri Lanka, the US and China. About 100,000 residents in Male have no access to drinkable tap water, the report said.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

J&K: Grenade attack at polling booth  CISF jawan injuredBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 7, 2014 7:44 pm
A CISF jawan was injured on Sunday as militants hurled a grenade at a polling booth in Tral constituency of Pulwama district, where polling is to be held on Tuesday.
The ultras lobbed the grenade at higher secondary school, which has been designated as a polling station, at Noorpora in Tral area of south Kashmir, 35 kms from here, a police officer said.
A CISF jawan on polling duty sustained minor injuries in the attack, he said.
No militant outfit has claimed responsibility for the attack so far.
Tral is one of the 16 constituencies – spread over three Kashmir Valley districts – going to the polls in the third phase of elections on December 9.
Jammu and Kashmir has witnessed a series of militant attacks since the start of the polling process.
On December 5, Kashmir Valley was rocked by four terror attacks leaving 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel dead along with two civilians.

Assam has lost Rs 10 000-crore on crude oil royalty  Tarun Gogoi tells PM ModiWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 7, 2014 7:41 pm
The Assam government had incurred a cumulative loss of revenue to the tune of about Rs 10,000 crore since 2008-09 due to oil companies not paying royalty on crude oil at 20 per cent on well-head price, chief minister Tarun Gogoi told prime minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Sunday.
Gogoi, while participating in the prime minister’s consultative meeting with chief ministers on restructuring the Planning Commission said Assam had incurred this heavy revenue loss as oil exploration companies were paying royalty on crude oil on the basis of heavily discounted price and not on production of crude oil at 20 percent on well head price.
“I strongly urge the Prime Minister to see to it that companies engaged in exploration of crude oil in Assam are made to pay royalty on production of crude oil at 20 percent on well head price and not on the basis of heavily discounted price,” he said.
“We estimate that this has resulted in cumulative loss of revenue of more than Rs. 10,000 crore to Assam since 2008-09. We have raised this issue before the hon’ble Prime Minister several times before and we hope that this would be speedily addressed,” Gogoi said. Assam had produced 4709 thousand metric tons of crude oil during 2013-14, which was slightly less than 4863 thousand metric tons produced during 2012-13.
Taking up some key issues relating to the flow of funds affecting all the eight states of the Northeastern region, Gogoi also urged the prime minister to accord priority to the issue of transferring the whopping Rs. 12,000 crore accumulated under the Non-Lapsable Central Pool of Resources (NLCPR) of selected ministries to the ministry of development of Northeastern region.
Gogoi, who opposed replacing the Planning Commission by a new institution, said this would do more harm than good. “Replacing the Planning Commission, without carefully devising the new structure to meet the obligations of our polity and economy, is likely to do more harm than good. I am not in favour of replacing the Planning Commission by a new institution without a proper examination of the implications involved and in the absence of an institutional structure acceptable to all,” he said.
Advocating the need for continuation of the existing funding pattern of Centrally Sponsored Schemes (on a 90:10 basis), the Assam chief minister also pleaded with the prime minister for continuous support to all Special Category states in case the new institution comes up.

Fadnavis wants National Development and Reforms CommissionFadnavis wants National Development and Reforms Commission
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 7:  
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today called for replacement of Planning Commission with a National Development and Reforms Commission to achieve .
“Sabka Vikas Sabka Saath” motto of the ruling NDA government at the Centre.
Fadnavis, among chief ministers of various states in a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi today, called for replacing the Planning Commission by new National Development and Reforms Commission, an official in Chief Minister’s office said.
“The (new Commission) should also meet at regional level every three months, headed by PM and CMs (Western, Southern, Northern, eastern, North—East regions). This should be about problem solving, taking up regional issues like central laws like coastal regulations, eco—sensitive zones; which come in way of economic growth and employment creation,” the official quoted the Chief Minister as saying.
As Mumbai being the financial capital of India, Fadnavis requested the Prime Minister to head an empowered group to make Mumbai a global commercial hub.
“The Group should meet every six months for ensuring that central ministries like ports, airports, railways and state agencies like MCGM, MMRDA, Power collaborate in infrastructure like coastal road, trans harbour link, metro to make Mumbai a world class city by 2019,” the official said.
Fadnavis also called upon the Prime Minister to provide greater drought relief as per package submitted to Centre and asked for higher and remunerative prices for cotton and sugar crops.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Assam CM Gogoi opposes move to scrap Plan panelDec 07, 2014 at 07:35pm IST
Assam CM Gogoi opposes move to scrap Plan panel
17
0
New Delhi: Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, a Congress veteran, on Sunday opposed the move to scrap the Planning Commission, saying replacing it without carefully devising a new structure was likely to do more harm than good.
"Perhaps, what is required is to reorient and reform the Commission to meet the needs of the current era. I would like to emphasise that such replacement, without carefully devising the new structure to meet the obligations of our polity and economy, is likely to do more harm than good," he said.
Gogoi was addressing the conference of Chief Ministers convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss the future of the plan panel. "Let me put it on record that I am not favour of replacing the Planning Commission by a new institution without a proper examination of the implications involved and in the absence of an institutional structure acceptable to all," he said.
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi was addressing the conference of Chief Ministers convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss the future of the plan panel.
#tarun gogoi #planning commission #narendra modi #assam
He said while every one recognises that the country has come a long way and our economy has evolved and transformed over the last several decades, there is a need to carefully introspect whether there is requirement to enable reform and evolution of this institution to enable it to meet new challenges or to replace it entirely with a new institution.
The chief minister said the fact of the matter is that India is a country with huge inter-regional, inter-state and intra-state disparities. The only way to close these gaps is through a planned process of public investment to address human and social development requirements, and by planning and investment in economic infrastructure of all kinds, he said.
"It is here that the role of the Planning Commission is crucial. We have to be careful not to arbitrarily jettison this role of the Commission. Besides, there is lack of clarity on the institutional reform necessary to meet the requirements of the new economy. We must consider very carefully," he said.
1

J&K: Grenade attack on CISF personnel in Pulwama ahead of pollsJ&K: Grenade attack on CISF personnel in Pulwama ahead of polls
CNN-IBN | Dec 07, 2014 at  08:23pm IST
Pulwama: In yet another attempt to discourage the ongoing Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir, suspected terrorists hurled grenade at a CISF checking party in Pulwama on Friday evening. One personnel has suffered injuries in the attack.
The incident is reported from Noorpora Tral area in South Kashmir's Pulwama district. Pulwama goes to polls on December 9, Tuesday, in the third phase of elections.
The injured personnel has been shifted to a Srinagar hospital.
This comes after four serial terror attacks rocked Kashmir on Friday resulting in the death of over 20 people including 11 security personnel.
This comes after four serial terror attacks rocked Kashmir on Friday resulting in the death of over 20 people including 13 security personnel.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

The story of a DU student who allegedly was killed by her parentsWritten by Pritha Chatterjee , Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 1:09 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 12:17 pm
November 12, 2014 was probably the most important day of 21-year-old Bhawna Yadav’s brief life. It was the birthday of her boyfriend of two years, Abhishek Seth, and the day the two had chosen to elope and get married. “We had planned it all in detail for over two months. There was no scope of error,” says Seth, 24. The only thing they had failed to take into account was how her parents would react to their decision. On November 16, Bhawna, a resident of Dwarka, was allegedly strangulated to death by her parents and then cremated at their village in Alwar, about 200 km away. She was allegedly killed for marrying the man of her choice, a man who belonged to a different community.
************
In her class of 23 final year Sanskrit (Honours) students at Delhi University’s Sri Venkateswara College, or Venky as it is popularly called, she was simply Roll no. 2 — the girl who rarely came to class, the “girl with the boyfriend”. Yet, Bhawna was not always known to turn a blind eye to the prospects of education. She completed her class 12th from Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyala in Kakrola, scoring 60 per cent in her boards, a chirpy teenager who sat in the front row and who, despite being an average student, was never tardy. She rarely missed classes and would forever stress on the importance of getting into a good college. Getting admission in the prestigious South Campus college was a dream come true for her. “She had studied Sanskrit till class 12th and barely managed a good score in the exams. But it was not the course, but the college which mattered to her,” recalls Soni, her classmate in school, and a close friend who lived in her neighbourhood.
It was at Venky that she would meet Abhishek, even though he was studying for his Bachelors in Computer Application at the Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU). Abhishek had been dating one of Bhawna’s friends from school and the two were familiar with each other. When he broke up later, a common friend told him that Bhawna had a crush on him. “Our friend arranged a meeting in 2012. I had to go to her college, because she was not allowed to go elsewhere. Thankfully, it was a co-ed college, otherwise we would not have gone on that first date,” says Abhishek. He says their relationship was a classic case of opposites hitting it off really well. He encouraged her to experiment with her looks and introduced her to different cuisines. Soon, Bhawna would take to stitching clothes and try her hand at cooking unfamiliar dishes like pasta at home. “She used to be surprised initially by my relationship with my parents and how they knew about my past girlfriends. Slowly, I continued…

Welfare economics: Public policy gave Kerala the leading edgeEarly start gave Kerala an edge over Gujarat, says economist
Thiruvananthapuram, December 7:  
Enlightened public policy helped put Kerala way ahead of other States in the race to achieve the overall well-being of its people.
It would be instructive to compare the State’s performance with that of Gujarat under Narendra Modi.
Relative well-being
Whatever may have been the success of Gujarat, the fact remains that Kerala’s early start has meant that a whole generation here had experienced relative well-being before the people of Gujarat did.
This is how Pulapre Balakrishnan, leading economist and faculty of Centre for Development Studies here, put it while delivering the 21{+s}{+t} Achutha Menon lecture in memory of Kerala’s former Chief Minister.
Also, Kerala had achieved its outcomes when it had lower levels of income, the technology of replication was far less developed, and there were few role models in the developing world, making its policy stance even more remarkable.
Not an excuse
Despite Gujarat’s rapid progress, which is entirely to be welcomed for the benefits that it brings the Gujarati people, Kerala has lower poverty measured in terms of consumption and of course better social indicators.
Low per capital income can no longer be an excuse for low human development, Balakrishnan said citing Kerala’s fabled developmental experience.
This is the major lesson that Kerala’s history holds to the less developed regions of the rest of the country.
Public policy is the key here, Balakrishnan notes, and their governments must be made to move with alacrity on the provision of basic health and education to the mass of the population.
In this context, Balakrishnan recalled an observation by fellow economist Arvind Panagariya on Kerala’s development experience.
Lower progress
Panagariya had stated that the state’s progress is not unique as many other states have actually shown greater social progress.
This, according to Balakrishnan, is a statistical outcome related to the fact that Kerala was already ahead of others at the start, making it likely that its recorded progress would be lower than theirs.
He then went on to quote from the study by Panagariya and another leading economist Jagdish Bhagwati of the relative progress made by Gujarat starting from the same level of health and education.
“They now find that Gujarat’s rate of progress has been faster, albeit only slightly, than that of Kerala. This is methodologically a more sound exercise of course, but it is not clear what it tells us,” Balakrishnan said.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Chinese army participates in Indian Armys Flag Day celebrations along LACWritten by Arun Sharma |
Posted: December 7, 2014 9:09 pm
Marking an improvement in relations between India and China after recent incursions by the latter in Ladakh, the Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) participated in Indian Army’s Flag Day celebrations along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Chushul sector on Sunday.
Pointing out that a ceremonial border personnel meeting was held between Indian Army and the Chinese PLA, an Udhampur based Defence ministry spokesman Colonel S D Goswami said that the latter delegation participated in the celebrations “with enthusiasm and gusto”.
“The festivities were marked by saluting the National Flag of India by members of both delegations,” he said, adding this was followed by a ceremonial address by leaders of both the delegations.
They exchanged greetings reflecting the mutual desire of maintaining and improving relations at the functional level on the border, the spokesman said, adding that this was followed. Thereafter, a cultural programme showcasing the vibrant Indian culture and traditional grandeur was organised.
“Both the delegations interacted in a free, congenial and cordial environment,” Col Goswami said, adding that “they parted amidst feeling of friendship and commitment towards enhancing the existing cordial relations and maintaining peace along the Line of Actual Control. Both sides also committed themselves to upholding the treaties and agreements signed between the governments of the two countries to maintain peace and tranquility along the Line of Actual Control.”

J&K: NC supporters attack BJP supporters in Bishnah constituencyBy: Express News Service | Jammu |
Posted: December 7, 2014 9:05 pm
Three Bharatiya Janata Party workers including an elected Sarpanch of Chakra were injured after they were allegedly attacked by some supporters of National Conference in Bishnah Assembly constituency late on Sunday evening.
The victims were attacked while they were returning home after attending a meeting of BJP candidate, Ashwani Kumar, who is seeking re-election from the area for the third time in a row. Identified as Vijay Saini, Sarpanch of Chakra, besides Satpal and Suraj, the injured were rushed to Government Medical College Hospital at Jammu.
The police have arrested three people and registered a case.
Giving details, police said that the trouble erupted when victims after the meeting started raising slogans for BJP candidate in front of the shops of the assailants who happened to be supporters of some other party. Moreover, Vijay Saini had last year allegedly assaulted one of them.
As Saini and his supporters did not listen to assailants’ request to move away from their shop, the latter attacked them with a rod.

Kerala: Police  Maoists exchange fire in WayanadWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 7, 2014 8:49 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 8:50 pm
Police on Sunday said there was exchange of fire between police and suspected Maoists gang in a forest region at North Kerala’s Wayanad district. In its recent history, Kerala had not so far reported any direct encounter between police and Maoists.
Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala said thunderbolt, a special police force, were search for the Maoists in the forest, when they fired at the police team and police also returned fire several rounds. However, there was no casualty, said the home minister.
He said all police stations in Wayanad district have been asked to step up alert, but there was no panic situation. The incident was reported from Vellamunda police station limits in Wayand, where the special police force was on combing operation.
On November 18, a resort under neighbouring Thirunelli police limits was ransacked by a four-member gang. Two weeks later, CPI (Maoist) had claimed that they were behind the attack.
In a press release issued to the media, the Western Ghats zonal committee of the CPI (Maoist) said the attack was a warning against “the real estate-tourism mafia,’’ which has ravaged the hills of Wayanad district.
Earlier this month, the CPI (Maoists) had claimed that they were behind the attack on the corporate office of Nitta Gelatin India Limited (NGIL) in Kochi. The office of the Japan-India venture was ransacked in broad daylight, after threatening the security guards.
Since February, 2012, suspected Maoists activities were reported from Wayanad, Kozhikode, Malappuram and Kannur, all North Kerala districts. Police had recovered pamphlets, suspected to be distributed by Maoists gangs.
Many tribal people had claimed that they had a face-to-face with Maoists, but police had not so far met any one.

Sushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Bhagwad Gita as national holy bookWritten by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:30 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 4:30 pm
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Sunday urged that the Bhagwad Gita be declared a ‘Rashtriya Granth’, adding that only a formal announcement to this effect was pending. “The Prime Minister has already given it the stature of national granth by gifting it to US President Barack Obama,” she said.
Speaking at an event on Red Front grounds to mark the “5,151st anniversary” of the Gita, organised by RSS-affiliate Global Inspiration and Enlightenment Organization of Gita (GIEOGITA), Swaraj also advised psychiatrists to read and prescribe the Gita to patients suffering from depression.
Soon after her statement, VHP president Ashok Singhal demanded that PM Narendra Modi declare the Gita a national scripture.
At the same event, Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar said the religious book has been considered above the Constitution.
Representatives of embassies of 20 countries were present at the event.
Criticising Swaraj’s remarks, the Trinamool Congress (TMC) said the Constitution was the “holy book” in a democracy. The Congress called her statement “frivolous”.
“All holy books are our pride,” Mamata Banerjee said. “The Quran, Puranas, Vedas, Vedanta, Bible, Tripitak, Zend-Avesta, Guru Granth Sahib, Gita — we respect all.”
The essence of the Gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism, said the Congress’s Manish Tewari.
Khattar, who had to rush for a meeting of chief ministers called by the PM, was the first to speak among the leaders. “Gita ke sandesh ko jab hum dhyan se padhte hain to… to jaisa kaha hai hamare desh ka samvidhan hi Gita hai. Gita ko samvidhaan se upar maan liya gaya hai. Kisi bhi desh ka samvidhan kaal aur paristhithi ke hisab se badalta rehta hai, lekin Gita aisa saar hai jo sahasvat hai (When we read the Gita carefully… as has been said, our Constitution is the Gita itself. In fact, the Gita is considered above the Constitution. Any country’s constitution changes with time and circumstances, but the Gita is eternal),” said Khattar.
He added that Haryana had doubled the budget for ‘Gita Jayanti’, and requested the PM to issue a postal stamp on Gita Jayanti celebrations.
Urging that the Gita be prescribed to those suffering from depression, Swaraj said, “Depression is a rising problem. People believe eating chocolates and medicines will cure depression. My remedy is that if we read the Gita and live life as per it, we won’t be depressed. Our psychiatrists and counsellors should read the Gita and advise patients according to it. Every argument will end, every doubt will be removed.”
The Union minister credited the Gita with giving her strength during a particularly bad time in her life, and said she attributed her achievements to “Krishna kripa”. Swaraj also said that on December 11, the UN would declare June 21 as ‘Yoga Diwas’.
 

Mamata opposes new body replacing Planning CommissionMamata opposes new body replacing Planning Commission
Oppn making issue out of non-issue on Sadhvi remarks: MinisterOppn making issue out of non-issue on Sadhvi remarks: Minister
Defence  energy to top the agenda of Modi-Putin meetDefence, energy to top the agenda of Modi-Putin meet
Richa Mishra/Amiti Sen
Vladimir Putin
New Delhi, December 7:  
Defence and energy will again be on top of the agenda as heads of Russia and India, Narendra Modi and Vladimir Putin meet end of this week.
Informed sources told BusinessLine that while there will be commercial talks between businesses of the two countries, there will be also strategic discussions, including technical tie-ups for military.
The two are likely to take forward the proposed ‘energy highway’ – pipeline network transporting hydrocarbons from Russia to Indian border – as well as strength nuclear cooperation.
Other focus areas
Besides energy and Defence, Putin will also look for cooperation in areas such as education, infrastructure, tourism, and bilateral trade, including starting work on a Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement.
Political critics are seeing Putin’s visit to be followed by American President Barack Obama’s tour in January as India’s growing strength in Asia.
Putin’s visit also gathers significance as it is being interpreted as Russia’s attempts to renew its ties with old partners, including India, following sanctions by the West over the Ukraine crisis.
The External Affairs Ministry is pushing for a larger strategic role for India in the energy space.
“Energy Highway” as a concept has been earlier discussed when former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had visited Russia. At that time both the countries had agreed to explore the possibilities of direct flowing of oil and gas from Russia to India through the land route. It was also agreed to set up a joint study group.
DK Sarraf, Chairman and Managing Director, ONGC, had earlier told BusinessLine that, “Our team is working with Rosneft to look for real opportunities in exploration…But, the more important thing that will happen is direct transportation of hydrocarbons from there to India… it could be a pipeline from Russia, Kazakhstan to India.”
 Commercial talks
At the commercial level, talks have been going on between India’s ONGC Videsh Ltd and Russia’s Rosneft for 10 per cent stake in Vankor oilfields — largest field to be brought into production in Russia in last 25 years.
Russia has also offered OVL a proposal to do joint development of Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye oilfield in eastern Siberia. An OVL official said, “we are doing due diligence. A final call will be taken.”
The President may also take up the issue of the Russian Government’s failed titanium joint venture with Kolkata-based Saraf Industries urging India to help it get back its. The two will also work towards revival of Rupee-Rouble trade and establishment of a joint study group to study the feasibility.
At present, India’s trade with Russia is $6 billion, which is less than one per cent of the country’s total foreign trade.
Recently, Russia removed restrictions on bovine meat imports from India and this is likely to be followed by more imports of farm products.
According to exporters’ body FIEO, bilateral trade could more than double to $15 billion by 2015 due to efforts being made by exporters to tap opportunities in the region. Once CEPA is in place trade would increase manifold. Agriculture products, textiles, pharmaceuticals and chemicals are some of the areas where India could have immediate gains.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

What Can Black Friday Tell Us About The U.S. Economy Right NowBlack Friday Sales Numbers Don't Matter – Here's What Does
Posted:
reddit
Americans went back to work after a long Thanksgiving weekend to see panicky headlines trumpeting an 11-percent drop in Black Friday sales. This led to various "OMG, have people stopped shopping, did the rug just get pulled out from under the economy?" reactions.
If the number freaked you out, don’t worry. You can safely ignore it.
The data, based on a survey the National Retail Federation conducts every year, is serially unreliable. At Bloomberg View, Barry Ritholtz zeroed in on the dicey methodology that goes into estimating Black Friday sales in anything like real time. The number we have right now -- down 11 percent, everyone freak out -- comes from the NRF asking a few thousand people how much money they spent. The result is a number, but it’s a really inaccurate number.
In an email to The Huffington Post, an NRF spokeswoman called Ritholtz’s piece an “annual temper tantrum” that was “slanted, flawed and predictable,” and compared it to “such holiday traditions as the Grinch and the threat of coal in one’s stocking.” The NRF did not cite any inaccuracies in Ritholtz’s column, nor did it provide any substantive criticism of his views or mine. The NRF noted it reached out to Ritholtz about his criticism of the survey last year, but that he did not respond.
As Ritholtz noted, just asking people how much they spent is actually a bad way to figure out how much they actually did spend or plan to spend. There’s also a good and growing case that the weekend after Thanksgiving just isn’t as important to stores or consumers as it used to be .
If you really want to estimate holiday spending before we have solid numbers, you should look backwards: Sales in the first 10 months of the year are very, very closely correlated with sales in the holiday season. And right now that indicator suggests the U.S. is on track for a 6-percent increase in holiday shopping from a year ago.
Shoppers, stores, and the media freak out about Black Friday and holiday shopping generally, but amid the frenzy there is a soothingly recurring EKG-like pattern to consumer spending in America, with predictable spikes in December.
Since 1992, there has been a .989 correlation between the total January through October sales, and total November through December sales, with 1.0 being perfect positive correlation and 0 being no correlation at all.
And through the first 10 months of the year, things looked just fine. If this year is like the past two decades, retail sales will be up more than 6 percent compared to last year. Throw in the economic stimulus of tumbling gas prices , and things could be much better than the 4.1 percent increase retailers projected.
In other words, ignore the bad data and scary headlines about plummeting Black Friday sales. Everything -– probably –- is going to be fine.
More:

Plunging Oil Prices May Drive Huge Shift In WealthCould gas prices go as low as $2 a gallon? )
“Despite the impressive recent gains in natural gas and crude oil production, the U.S. still is a net importer of energy,” William C. Dudley, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, said Monday at Bernard Baruch College. “As a result, falling energy prices are beneficial for our economy and should be a strong spur to consumer spending.”
For shale oil in the U.S., permits for new wells dropped 15 percent in October, the first sign of a slowdown, according to Reuters. Sliding oil prices have also hurt prices of U.S. corporate junk bond funds. (Reuters)
Although falling oil prices lower inflation, the Federal Reserve tends to view that as a fleeting effect that would not alter its underlying judgments about policy. Nonetheless, Dudley said, “the slump in oil prices may also help to persuade” the European and Japanese central banks to implement further monetary easing as prices remain subdued.
The consequences of the decline in oil prices are also evident in politics and pocketbooks.
At current prices, the annual revenue of OPEC members would shrink by $590 billion, money that will instead stay within the borders of the world’s biggest oil importers, led by the United States, China and Japan.
The size of the global economy will “easily be between 0.5 percent and 1.0 percent higher as a result of the decline in oil prices,” wrote Andrew Kenningham, senior global economist for London-based Capital Economics.
The 40 percent drop in the price of the international benchmark Brent-grade crude oil over the past five months will reduce annual revenue to oil producers worldwide by a whopping $1.5 trillion.
“Those losses are staggering,” Edward Yardeni, president of Yardeni Research, wrote to investors Monday.
The losers include Russia, where the value of the ruble has been crumbling, inflation has crept up to more than an 8 percent rate and oil prices have done more to hurt the economy than Western sanctions.
In Iran, whose economy and government budget rely heavily on oil sales, low prices could intensify the effect of sanctions that have curbed the country’s oil exports in an effort to pressure the regime into reaching a diplomatic accord on its nuclear program.
In Venezuela, dwindling oil revenue has exacerbated an economic crisis that is also tied to fuel subsidies, price controls and generous social programs.
In the United States, there are losers, too — mostly in the oil patch. The oil services giant Halliburton has lost 44 percent of its value since July 23. Heavily indebted Continental Resources , a huge shale oil producer in North Dakota’s Bakken region, has lost half its value since Aug. 29. Even BP, a big, integrated firm, has lost a quarter of its value in just the past few months.
“It happened so fast, it’s been a shock to the system,” said Scott D. Sheffield, chief executive of Pioneer Natural Resources . Sheffield said that if oil prices had stayed between $90 and $100 a barrel, Pioneer would have added 10 new rigs to its fleet of 40, nearly all drilling shale oil wells. Now he is going to wait and see before announcing capital spending plans in February.
The prospect of low oil prices over an extended period grew much stronger last week after OPEC opted to maintain output instead of paring back to prop up prices.
Saudi Arabia, OPEC’s swing producer, with about 9.7 million barrels of production a day, has usually adjusted its output to moderate lurches in oil prices. But the kingdom has grown worried that production will continue to grow outside OPEC, reducing the cartel to a smaller and smaller share of the global market. So Saudi Arabia has chosen to fight for market share by letting prices slide.
That could jump-start global oil demand, currently about 94 million barrels a day. But it could also slow down or halt the growth in global oil supplies.
The biggest target of this strategy: U.S. shale oil, which has grown from a negligible amount six years ago to 4 million barrels a day, nearly half of U.S. production and more than any OPEC member except Saudi Arabia. Other high-cost oil projects, such as Canada’s oil sands, could also be curtailed or postponed.
But oil prices have historically swung from one extreme to another; it takes years for price signals to change exploration plans and production levels. U.S. exploration firms might be able to withstand lower oil prices than OPEC members that need oil revenue to balance their budgets and keep their citizens content. A Citibank analysis says that current prices will not eliminate growth in U.S. shale oil output, only trim that growth by 30 percent.
Within OPEC, there was discord. “It is not good for OPEC,” Iranian oil minister Bijan Namdar Zanganeh said in an interview with the newsletter Argus Global Markets. “Some of our colleagues in OPEC believe they should wait and see what the market reaction is, especially in U.S. shale investment.” He added that “it’s a very risky issue” and could require “years, not months.”
There are risks in the United States, too. Kathy Jones, fixed-income strategist at Charles Schwab, said that while lower oil prices will boost consumer spending, which makes up 68 percent of the U.S. economy, it could also hurt investment, which runs high in the petroleum business. She also noted that oil and gas companies account for 15 percent of the Barclays U.S. high-yield index, double what it was a few years ago.
“High yield means more highly leveraged, and we don’t know what a 30 or 40 percent drop in oil prices will mean,” Jones said. “It’s going to show up in places, I’m sure. It’s just a question of where.”
The Fed’s Dudley was less concerned. “Even after the large gains in recent years, oil and gas investment remains a small fraction of GDP,” he said.
On Monday, traders and investors struggled to grasp OPEC’s stance; prices slid then rebounded sharply to $69 a barrel.
Although analysts said that global production is running about 2 million barrels a day over consumption, barely 2 percent of world demand, slight economic changes or a renewal of paralyzing civil strife in Libya could shrink that extra margin.
On the other hand, the sudden glut — while small — could grow even larger if Libya restores more of its former production, Iraq continues to expand output from its low-cost reservoirs and Iran strikes a deal over its nuclear program that would lift sanctions and permit a jump in exports.
Iran’s oil minister told Argus Global Markets that Iran could increase output by 1 million barrels a day within two months.
That has left people guessing. Richard Anderson, chief executive of Delta Air Lines, said on “CBS This Morning” on Nov. 25 that the airline was planning on jet fuel costing $2.80 a gallon in 2015, though he acknowledged that “all this is a bit of a thumb in the wind.”
Robert McNally, president of the Rapidan Group consulting firm, said OPEC seemed to be letting non-OPEC countries resolve the market surplus and surprised the industry by not scheduling another meeting until June 5. “This was about as bearish a signal as OPEC could have sent to the market,” he said.
Steven Mufson covers the White House. Since joining The Post, he has covered economics, China, foreign policy and energy.

Shiv Sena MaharashtraSena-backs...    Cached
Uddhav Thackeray's Shiv Sena said that the NCP has been hammered to the fourth position in the state post the October assembly elections, and hence the ...

Yennai Arindhaal teaseryennai-arindhaal-teaser    Cached
The most awaited Yennai Arindhaal teaser is released and it is receiving huge response from the audiences as well as celebrities. Here are the celebrities’ tweets ...

European agency faults GVK Bios clinical trials; company defendsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
European agency faults GVK Bios clinical trials; company defends
G Naga Sridhar
Manni Kantipudi, CEO, GVK Bio
Hyderabad, Dec 5:  
A health agency has raised concerns over the clinical trials conducted by the Hyderabad-based GVK Biosciences Pvt Ltd.
Based on an observation of France’s committee for medicinal products for human use ANSM (Agence Nationale de Sécurité du Médicament et des Produits de Santé) in October this year, the authorities had concluded that bio-equivalence studies conducted by GVK’s Hyderabad clinic were not sufficient to support marketing authorisation holders (MAHs) for the products approved.
This would mean that MAHs would have to repeat the studies in the next 12-15 months.
In a conference call with the newspersons, GVK Bio Chief Executive Officer Manni Kantipudi, however, said: ``We at GVK BIO believe that the studies conducted are in accordance with the GCP guidelines while we honour the conclusion made by committee.’’
It was working with its clinical development customers to provide new data that meets all regulatory requirements, he added.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Rupee ends stronger at 61.79 vs dollarRupee ends stronger at 61.79 vs dollar
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
The rupee closed stronger at 61.79 on Friday against the dollar (previous close: 61.92) aided by some positive economic news.
The stake sale by the government in nationally held SAIL was over-subscribed.
A treasury official said that the Indian currency was aided by some dollar sales by foreign banks.
The Indian currency, however, traded in a thin range of 61.78 to 61.89 on Friday.
In the week ahead, the rupee is seen trading in the 61.70 to 62.50 band as currency market participants will keenly watch key economic data emanating from the US. A favourable data from the world’s largest economy could see the rupee shed a few paise during the week.
The benchmark government security (8.40 per cent G-Sec, maturing in 2040) yield ended lower at 7.94 per cent against the previous close of 7.97 per cent. The yields have softened in the week due to expectations of a policy rate cut by the RBI next year.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Terminator Genisys teasergenisys-teaser...    Cached
Paramount Pictures has released a teaser for tomorrow’s first trailer for Terminator Genisys. The trailer gives us a glimpse a liquid metal Terminator, as well as ...
Also Try

States may get power to tinker with State GST ratesStates may get power to tinker with ‘State GST’ rates
KR Srivats
Uncertain threshold There is still no consensus on the turnover limit beyond which GST should be implemented.
This flexibility may be a clincher for consensus on GST framework
New Delhi, December 5:  
The Centre may allow States to unilaterally tinker with State-level Goods and Services Tax (State GST) rates as part of its efforts to build a consensus on the proposed dual-GST system in the country. In the GST architecture proposed during the UPA regime, the Centre was to decide on the rates in consultation with States.
The main issue was that all the States had to follow the rates and there was no room to unilaterally deviate from them. They had to go to the GST Council to change the rates.
India is looking to implement a dual-GST system, where the Centre will impose a Central GST (CGST) and the States will impose a State GST (SGST). Over 150 countries have implemented GST. The proposed flexibility for States to tinker with SGST rates could enable consensus on the GST implementation front, official sources said.
Indications are that States will be allowed to tinker with rates within a specified band. Giving the States flexibility to set rates will provide a “psychological boost” and may encourage them to move forward on dual GST implementation, informed sources said. The Centre is now looking at a revenue neutral rate (RNR) of 27 per cent. This is the rate when petroleum products are included within the GST ambit. The erstwhile UPA regime had talked of a RNR of 16 per cent.
Panel meeting
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is slated to meet the Empowered Committee of State Ministers in a bid to reassure the States and achieve progress in GST implementation, the biggest tax reform initiative ever undertaken by India.
Jaitley has said the Centre would take steps to introduce a Bill to amend the Constitution in the ongoing Winter Session of Parliament.
An amendment is needed as the Centre does not at present have the power to impose tax at the retail stage.
“The proposal to give States the power to tinker with the State GST rates is not an ideal solution. With this proposal, the Centre seems to be acceding to the demands of the States.
Otherwise, GST will never see the light of day. States are likely to be given this power and it may get reflected in the Constitution (amendment) Bill,” said Prashant Raizada, Partner-Indirect Tax, BDO India LLP, a professional services firm.
Consensus eludes the Centre and the States on the final GST architecture, with the latter raising several concerns on compensation, dispute redressal and inclusion of petroleum products within the GST ambit.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Grandparenting - the new rules© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8d4b6ec-7a74-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UTI Equity Fund: InvestThis conservative fund has beaten its benchmark most of the time
December 6, 2014:  
Looking for relatively safer bets but still want to participate in the ongoing market rally? Go for UTI Equity Fund, a large-cap oriented fund which has shown its mettle across most market cycles. With a marked improvement in performance over the past few years, the fund has figured in the top two quartiles of large-cap funds across time periods and trumped its benchmark BSE 100 convincingly by 6-15 percentage points. Its annual rolling return over the last five years has been better than that of its benchmark nearly 90 per cent of the time, attesting to the fund’s consistent out-performance.
Not only has UTI Equity Fund done very well in most bull markets over the past five years (except during the recovery of 2010), but it has also contained downsides effectively when the tide turned. This was visible during the market reversals of 2009, 2011 and 2013. This ability to contain losses better than the benchmark will come handy if the market corrects from current levels.
UTI Equity Fund’s stability stems from the fact that its portfolio is dominated by less volatile large-cap stocks (consistently more than 85 per cent of the corpus).
Healthy blend
That said, the sprinkling of mid and small-caps in UTI Equity’s portfolio has helped it put up a solid show when the market is on a roll. For instance, stocks such as KEC and SML ISUZU, which have tripled to quintupled over the past year, buoyed the fund’s one-year returns to more than 53 per cent. Not just that, smart sector rotation by reducing exposure to defensives such as pharma and increasing stakes in cyclicals such as banks and autos (which have led the recent rally) has stood UTI Fund in good stead. Well-timed exits from losing stocks such as Jindal Steel and Power and Cairn India also helped. Over the past three- and five-year periods, the addition of multi-baggers such as Eicher Motors, Titan Company and Tech Mahindra has bolstered returns.
True to its relatively conservative nature, UTI Equity Fund prefers to sit on cash when it perceives volatility in the market. So, even in April and May this year, in the run-up to the election, the fund held 5 per cent of its portfolio as cash. But this has reduced sharply since, and now the fund is almost entirely invested in equity.
Currently, banks accounts for the largest chunk (23 per cent) in the fund’s portfolio. Most of this is in private banks. This exposure should translate into good returns if the economy revives as expected. The next big holding is in the defensive software sector which should benefit from improved economic conditions in the US.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

Indias communication satellite GSAT-16 launched successfullyIndia’s communication satellite GSAT-16 launched successfully
PTI
Tweet
Bengaluru, Dec 7:  
Augmenting India’s space capacity to boost communication services, its latest satellite GSAT-16 was successfully launched on board Arianespace rocket from the space port of Kourou in French Guiana in the early hours today, after a delay of two days due to bad weather.
The satellite with a lift-off mass of 3,181 kg was injected into the intended Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO) about 32 minutes after a perfect lift-off of Ariane 5 at 2.10 am on flight VA221, signifying the 221st launch of an Ariane family vehicle from the spaceport.
In the dual rocket mission, GSAT-16 with 48 transponders, the largest-ever carried by a communication satellite built by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), was ejected into space four minutes after its co-passenger DIRECTTV-14 spacecraft, designed to provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the US, Arianespace said.
Soon after the launch, the Bengaluru-headquartered ISRO’s Master Control Facility at Hassan in Karnataka took over the command and control of the GSAT-16 and said initial checks indicated “normal health” of the satellite.
Orbit raising operation
ISRO said the first orbit raising operation is scheduled for tomorrow at around 3.50 am as part of manoeuvres to place the satellite finally in its designated slot at 55 degree East longitude in the Geostationary orbit and co-located with GSAT-8, IRNSS-1A and IRNSS-1B satellites.
The launch of GSAT-16 was originally scheduled for Friday but was put off hours before the lift-off due to inclement weather at Kourou, which is chosen for its strategic location of being close to the equator that is ideally-suited for missions into the geostationary orbit.
Arianespace rescheduled it for Saturday at 2.09 am (IST) but within hours that too was postponed, citing “unfavourable weather conditions (high altitude winds” over the launch pad.
It was then rescheduled for wee hours of today.
“... two days we had to wait for this to happen, but it has happened excellently, so congratulations to all people from Arianespace for its excellent performance,” ISRO Satellite Centre (ISAC) Director S K Shivakumar said at the Arianespace facility.
Ariane 5 launch
Arianespace said today’s was the 63rd successful Ariane 5 launch in a row.
GSAT-16, a multi-application telecommunications satellite, will cover the entire Indian sub-continent. It is the 18th ISRO satellite to be launched by Arianespace, starting with the Apple experimental satellite in 1981, an Arianespace release said.
Shortly after the orbit injection announcement, Arianespace Chairman and CEO Stane Israsaid: “Tonight, we are very proud of meeting the expectations of these two loyal customers, whose diversity clearly reflects our clientele.”
Shivakumar said Arianespace had given ISRO the precise injection parameters as assured and in the next few days, rest of the operational activities like Onboard Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) firing and others will be carried out.
“Subsequently telecommunication payload systems are planned as part of on orbit testing and we hope to have the spacecraft ready for services by the end of this year,” he said.
GSAT-16 has 24 C-band, 12 Ku-band and 12 Upper Extended C-band transponders that will boost public and private TV and radio services, large-scale Internet and telephone operations.
It improves the national space capacity with 48 transponders joining 180 odd existing transponders with ISRO.
Hit by capacity crunch, ISRO has leased 95 transponders on foreign satellites mainly for private sector users like TV broadcasters who have often complained of inadequate transponder capacity to meet their requirements.
The transponder augmentation has become a pressing need, prompting advancement of GSAT-16 launch by about six months.
Today’s launch comes 11 months after the last Indian communication satellite — GSAT-14 — was flown in January this year. GSAT-15 is scheduled for launch in October next year.
“I wish to inform that we will come back to Kourou with GSAT 15 spacecraft. It is at the advanced stage of integration at ISRO satellite centre where we are conducting tests as per plans. That is expected to be ready for launch some time by third quarter of 2016,” Shivakumar said.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Energy deal will reshape the international energy businessAbout Nick
Blog guide
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
This blog looks at the relationship between energy and power, plus the global trends and influences on the industry. Nick aims to blog twice a week
Nick Butler is Visiting Professor and Chair of the Kings Policy Institute at Kings College London.
He spent 29 years with BP, including five years as Group Vice President for Policy and Strategy Development at BP from 2002 to 2006.   He has also served as Senior Policy Adviser at No 10, Chairman of the Centre for European Reform and Treasurer of the Fabian Society.
Nick Butler is an investor in, and an adviser to a number of companies and institutions in the energy business.  The views expressed are solely those of Mr Butler.  This material is not intended to provide and should not be relied upon for investment advice or recommendations.   Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investment.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

PM Modi stresses greater role for states in new plan panelModi invokes Manmohan to break Cong resistance
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 17:42 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 08:36 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi invoked former PM Manmohan Singh on Sunday in the face of opposition from Congress-ruled states over his decision to scrap the Planning Commission, saying a new body was needed to “strengthen” the federal structure and empower states.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Uttarakhand chief minister Harish Rawat during a consultation meeting for Planning Commission revamp in New Delhi on Sunday. PTI Photo
Speaking at his first meeting with chief ministers to seek suggestions on the new body to replace the plan panel, Modi stressed it was impossible for the nation to develop without its states.
“Can we develop a new mechanism that plans according to India’s strengths, empowers states, and brings on board all economic activity, including what happens outside the government,” the PM asked. Modi also recalled feeling the need for a better platform to articulate the views of states when he used to attend the plan panel’s meetings as Gujarat CM.
Stressing "cooperative federalism", Modi said the process of policy planning has to change from "top to bottom" and "bottom to top". It was impossible for the nation to develop unless states develop, he added.
The government dismantled the Planning Commission through a Cabinet decision on August 13, two days before the PM announced it during his Independence Day speech.
Chief ministers of Congress-ruled states, however, appeared unimpressed and praised the plan panel’s work in reducing regional and income disparities.
“The Planning Commission is a time-tested institution and the government should strengthen it instead of scrapping it. We need it to protect the interest of the deprived sections,” said Uttarakhand chief minister Harish Rawat after the day-long meeting at the PM’s Race Course Road residence.
To counter the Congress charge, Modi recalled remarks made by Manmohan Singh on April 30 this year, when the former PM had raised four questions about the future of the Planning Commission and the need for the institution to reinvent itself to remain relevant.
“Manmohan Singh, who was associated with the Planning Commission for a long time, had noted the body has no futuristic vision in the post-reform period,” Modi said in his concluding remarks.
Rawat, however, dismissed Modi’s contention, saying Singh never advocated the scrapping of the institution. “He (Singh) only said the panel needs to re-invent and change."
Congress CMs also expressed dismay at not been consulted before the decision to scrap the planning body. They said the issue should have been discussed in the National Development Council --- a body of all chief ministers headed by the PM.
“It came as a bolt out of the blue,” said a chief minister of a Congress-ruled state, referring to the PM announcement of disbanding the Planning Commission. 
Many Congress CMs, however, praised Modi for organising a retreat with chief ministers with no central minister or official present.
“We chatted with each other and the PM. Modi listened to our suggestions and appeared positive,” said a CM of a Congress-ruled state.
Summarising the discussions, finance minister Arun Jaitley said there was a “large” consensus on the need to scrap the Planning Commission since the present context had changed with a need to “decentralise” decision making.
 
All CMs agreed that states have to play a bigger role in nation building, Jaitley said, adding that the “one-size fits all” concept of Central schemes have to be changed.
“Most states favoured an alternate body where both the Centre and the state participate and a bottom-up approach to policy making is adopted instead of a top-down approach,” the minister said.
Jaitley also said Modi had stressed on Team India comprising the PM and the chief ministers, the council of ministers and the bureaucracy at the Centre and the states.
The Team India concept, according to Modi, was a combination of three teams – the Prime Minister and chief ministers; the Union council of ministers; and the bureaucracy at the Centre and in states, PTI reported.
(with agency inputs)

LS Speaker adopts Potlod to turn it into a  model villageLS Speaker adopts Potlod to turn it into a 'model village'
Press Trust of India | Indore Dec 07, 2014 07:00 PM IST
After adopting Potlod village near here yesterday, Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan set a one-year deadline to turn it into a "model village".
After formally adopting Potlod yesterday, local MP Mahajan said that basic infrastructure would be developed in the area and two other villages in Indore would be developed into model places next year.
She said that her thrust areas in Potlod would be to boost to organic farming, small industries and cottage industries, as well as employment generation.
She asked villagers to join hands with her as well as bureaucrats to make Patlod a "model village".
Mahajan also laid the foundation stones of projects worth Rs 35 lakh.

India must destroy terror infrastructures on Pak soil: MuslimIndia must destroy terror infrastructures on Pak soil: Muslim
Uri attack: Aim was to hit civilian points  disrupt pollsComments
The Indian Army on Sunday said the militants' group, which carried out the attack on its Uri camp, was looking to hit civilian targets in order to create fear ahead of the third phase polling in the state.
"(Either side of) the road between Baramulla and Uri is densely populated now. The aim must have been to come and strike at civilian targets to cause fear and disrupt the peaceful conditions ahead of the polls," General Officer Commanding of Army's 15 Corps Lt General Subrata Saha told reporters in Srinagar.
Lt General Saha, however, dismissed assertions that the attacks were due to failure of the counter-infiltration grid along the Line of Control (LoC). "Had that been the case, they could have attacked the civilian targets that they were looking for," he added.
Eleven security personnel including eight soldiers were killed in the pre-dawn attack on the army camp by militants, who had infiltrated from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, before all the six assailants were shot dead.
"They (militants) came and banged against this position of ours and where in a span of barely 60 odd metres, all the six terrorists were neutralised," Lt Gen Saha said, adding "the fact they have been eliminated, the security grid has succeeded with a heavy price."
Paying tribute to the soldiers and policemen killed in the operation, Lt Gen Saha said it is their brave fight that ensured that the attack on civilian targets was avoided and "any harm to innocent civilians, particularly during this period when elections are on, was avoided".
Mohra, the scene of the deadly gunbattle on Friday, is located 10 kilometres from the Haji Peer Pass and Kamalkote, the nearest points on the Line of Control. There are several densely-populated villages located between the army camp targeted by the militants and the LoC.
The army commander said there was enough evidence to show that the assailants were supported by the Pakistani establishment and that the attack and other incidents before it along the Line of Control in Kashmir were coordinated and synchronised.
"We have enough evidence that both the groups were from the Lashkar-e-Toiba. The markings on the warlike and logistic stores, whether it is food, ammunition, medicines or clothes, clearly indicates that they were of Pakistani manufacture and origin. The terrorists were heavily armed and they had enough food to last several days," he said.
He said GPS recovered from the slain militants revealed that there is a staging area north of Jhelum on the other side of LoC. "One infiltration took place in Tut Mari Gali (Nowgam Sector) and one in Uri sector. I am not revealing the exact location (of the staging area) for obvious reasons," he said.
Lt Gen Saha said the incidents in Nowgam sector, in which six militants and a JCO were killed, and in Uri sector were not routine infiltration attempts.
"To say it was a routine infiltration would be improper. The sequence in which the events have happened and if you see the numbers and levels of training that has gone into preparing these people, it is not an ordinary infiltration. It is linked to the larger events that are taking place here," he said, referring to elections and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Srinagar on Monday.
He said the incidents that took place during the month of November indicate that there was a coordinated attempt from across the LoC to disrupt the electoral process in Kashmir.
"We had a ceasefire violation on November 8 in which a 17-year-old girl was killed and the army lost a brave soldier. After that we had three instances in which IEDs were recovered on November 10, 15 and 27. On November 23, 18 almost new AK 47 rifles and two pistols were recovered.
"Then in Tut Mari Gali on December 1/2, we had this operation in which six terrorists were killed and army lost a junior commissioner officer. Then we had this operation in Uri sector in which six terrorists were killed. The army lost eight of its soldiers and JKP lost three of their men," he added.
"The way in which all these incidents took place, one after the other - ceasefire violations, IEDs being pushed in and then weapons - it is obvious that these things cannot happen without any push and without a patron, or coordination and synchronisation," the army commander said.

Chinese army participates in Indian Armys Flag Day celebrations alongLACWritten by Arun Sharma |
Posted: December 7, 2014 9:09 pm
Marking an improvement in relations between India and China after recent incursions by the latter in Ladakh, the Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) participated in Indian Army’s Flag Day celebrations along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Chushul sector on Sunday.
Pointing out that a ceremonial border personnel meeting was held between Indian Army and the Chinese PLA, an Udhampur based Defence ministry spokesman Colonel S D Goswami said that the latter delegation participated in the celebrations “with enthusiasm and gusto”.
“The festivities were marked by saluting the National Flag of India by members of both delegations,” he said, adding this was followed by a ceremonial address by leaders of both the delegations.
They exchanged greetings reflecting the mutual desire of maintaining and improving relations at the functional level on the border, the spokesman said, adding that this was followed. Thereafter, a cultural programme showcasing the vibrant Indian culture and traditional grandeur was organised.
“Both the delegations interacted in a free, congenial and cordial environment,” Col Goswami said, adding that “they parted amidst feeling of friendship and commitment towards enhancing the existing cordial relations and maintaining peace along the Line of Actual Control. Both sides also committed themselves to upholding the treaties and agreements signed between the governments of the two countries to maintain peace and tranquility along the Line of Actual Control.”

PM to visit army cantonment to pay tributes to martyrsPM to visit army cantonment to pay tributes to martyrs
Cab driver accused of Delhi rape arrested in MathuraComments
The Uber cab driver accused of raping a 25-year-old financial analyst in Delhi was arrested from his home town Mathura on Sunday, as the US online taxi-booking service faced several questions over lack of security checks.
Activists from All India Students Association (AISA) shout slogans against Delhi Police, protesting the rape of a woman by a cab driver, in New Delhi on Sunday. (Sonu Mehta/ HT photo)
Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, was nabbed by a joint team of the Delhi and Mathura police from the temple town in Uttar Pradesh where his car was found abandoned a day earlier.
He would be produced before a court in the Capital on Monday, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (north), said.
Yadav allegedly assaulted a 25-year-old woman MNC employee in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla late Friday night. The woman hailed a ride with him via Uber, which has launched an aggressive international expansion.
The alleged rape, reported days before the second anniversary of the brutal gangrape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in a moving bus in the Capital in December 2012, could have Uber facing legal action.
The San Francisco-based firm failed to run a background check on Yadav, also the car owner, and the vehicle was without a satellite tracking device, the police said. The address he gave to Uber was fake.
Police served a notice on the firm, asking it to join the investigation. “Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we’ll go for legal recourse,” Verma said. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case, he added.
The cab service initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
This made it difficult for the police initially. The breakthrough came after around 12 police teams carried out raids in different parts of UP, especially around Mathura, 160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi where the crime took place.
Laxmi Singh, deputy inspector general for Agra Range, said, "Police in Mathura, in coordination with the Delhi Police, were looking for the accused, who was finally arrested on Sunday evening from Meera Mohan Colony under Highway police station."
The driver had locked himself in a house to dodge the police teams chasing him, Deepak Mishra, special commissioner of Delhi Police (law and order), said.
The arrest came barely 30 minutes after the Delhi Police announced a reward of Rs. 1 lakh for information leading to Yadav.
Uber faces the heat
Uber has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the US.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokesperson.
But, it took the Delhi Police almost eight hours to trace Uber’s office in Gurgaon though the victim had provided them a picture of the car’s number plate she clicked on her phone.
Investigators found the Uber office locked, police said. The supervisor, they said, had little information about Yadav.
“The iPhone that was provided to him by Uber to track his location was switched off,” a senior investigating officer said. The SIM card of the phone was registered in the name of another driver, Gaurav, who told them that Yadav was a native of Mathura, the officer said.
Crime capital
The rape victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, told police she boarded the Uber cab at 9.30pm from south Delhi's Vasant Vihar, where she had gone for a party with friends.
She was raped at an isolated place between Sarai Rohilla and Inderlok, police said, adding the cabbie threatened to kill and sexually assault her with a rod if she resisted him. He dropped her home after the attack.
The cabbie even gave her a missed call from his mobile phone, police added.
According to her complaint, the woman had gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7pm. One of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat only to wake up and find that the car had stopped at a secluded spot.
The car doors were locked. When she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed and sexually assaulted her, police said.
"The woman clicked a photograph of the car's number plate and then made a PCR call to report the incident," police added.
The incident comes at a time when the Capital is under a high-security alert following threats of a sensational terror attack by Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Vehicle checks have been stepped up across the city and anti-sabotage barricades put in place ahead of US President Barack Obama's Republic Day visit to India.
Protests erupt
Dozens of students scuffled with officers on Sunday as they tried to enter police headquarters in New Delhi to protest the rising incidents of rape in the Capital.
"I am here to protest the irregularities and failure of the state machinery, which refuses to acknowledge that rapes happen due to their failure," said Urvashi Joshi, one of the demonstrators.
The protesters, from the All India Students Association, dispersed after an hour-long demonstration.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said the guilty should be booked immediately.
 
"The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future.
 
"This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government," Lalani said.
(With agency inputs)

The IRC: rebuilding Syrian refugees lives© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/4a8c4444-7a54-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Constitution is the Holy Book in democracy: MamataBanerjeeBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: December 7, 2014 9:32 pm
Reacting to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s remark that only a formality remained before declaring Bhagwad Gita as the national scripture, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Sunday said the Constitution was the “Holy Book” in a democracy.
“Our Constitution says India is a secular country. The Constitution is the Holy Book in a democracy,” Banerjee told reporters here reacting to Swaraj’s remark that Bhagwad Gita would be declared as “Rashtriya Granth” (national scripture).
“We respect all holy books equally. They are all our pride,” Banerjee, the Trinamool Congress chief, said.
“Quran, Puran, Ved, Vedanta, Bible, Tripitak, Zend-Avesta, Guru Granth Sahib, Gita – we respect all,” she said.
Pressing for the Centre to declare Bhagwad Gita as a “Rashtriya Granth”, Swaraj said only a formality remained to be completed in this regard.
Swaraj was speaking at “Gita Prerna Mahotsav”, organised “to celebrate 5,151 years of religious book Gita” at the Red Fort Maidan in Delhi where VHP President Ashok Singhal said Prime Minister Narendra Modi should immediately declare the sacred text of Hindus as a national scripture.

Tri-State meeting on the cardsUpdated: December 7, 2014 22:06 IST
Tri-State meeting on the cards
K. Umashanker
Tweet
Chittoor, TN, Karnataka cops to plan strategy to curb red sanders smuggling. The efforts of Chittoor police to prevent the entry of these labourers into Andhra Pradesh have failed, despite the officials visiting Tamil Nadu to counsel labourers not to fall prey to smugglers.
Riding on the success of the two-day regional seminar on ‘Curbing of red sanders smuggling: A Challenge’ held last month, the Chittoor police are planning to convene a high-level meeting of the department personnel from Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka which is likely to be held by this month end, Superintendent of Police Ghattamaneni Srinivas has said, adding that the meeting would discuss the urgent need for inter-State cooperation in tackling the menace.
Speaking to The Hindu, the SP said: “The proposal to hold a high-level meeting with the officials of three States was mooted a few months ago. Seeing the seminar's success, we are now going ahead with it. We are waiting for the words from our counterparts in the neighbouring States. If everything goes well, the event will be organised in Tirupati by month end,” he said.
What prompted the police to plan the tri-State meeting is that smugglers, stationed in Bangalore and Chennai, are hiring labourers from Vellore, Tiruvannamalai, Salem and Dharmapuri of Tamil Nadu and engaging them to fell red sanders tress in Seshachalam forest.
The efforts of Chittoor police to prevent the entry of these labourers into Andhra Pradesh have failed, despite the officials visiting Tamil Nadu to counsel labourers not to fall prey to smugglers.
Slew of arrests
An estimated 3,000 hired labourers from Tamil Nadu arrested from Chittoor and Kadapa districts in the last two years are lodged in various jails in Rayalaseema region. Hundreds of others are said to have been released on bail.
In this backdrop, the Tamil Nadu officials said to have insisted on the Chittoor and Kadapa police to withdraw cases against all the labourers from their State, before the proposed meeting.
The Chittoor police are also trying to rope in forest officials of the three States to join the conclave, it is learnt.

We lost the match in 3rd quarter  says OltmansWe lost the match in 3rd quarter  says Oltmans
Global Brands Group: Beckham on board© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/bfe143cc-7b8d-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas bourses: tear it up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/eec73eb2-7c32-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Key elements of Rolling Stones U-Va. gang rape allegations in doubtBy Eugene Volokh December 5 Follow @volokhc
Protestors carry signs and chant slogans in front of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house at the University of Virginia, Saturday night, Nov. 22, 2014, in Charlottesville, Va. The protest, the most well-attended of several throughout the day, was in response to the university’s reaction to an alleged sexual assault of a student revealed in a recent Rolling Stone article. (AP Photo/The Daily Progress, Ryan M. Kelly)
I haven’t been following the controversy about this story closely, but this Post article by T. Rees Shapiro [UPDATE: link fixed] struck me as very much worth reading. Here, by the way, is today’s Rolling Stone note to readers about the story :
To Our Readers:
Last month, Rolling Stone published a story titled “A Rape on Campus” by Sabrina Rubin Erdely, which described a brutal gang rape of a woman named Jackie at a University of Virginia fraternity house; the university’s failure to respond to this alleged assault – and the school’s troubling history of indifference to many other instances of alleged sexual assaults. The story generated worldwide headlines and much soul-searching at UVA. University president Teresa Sullivan promised a full investigation and also to examine the way the school responds to sexual assault allegations.
Because of the sensitive nature of Jackie’s story, we decided to honor her request not to contact the man she claimed orchestrated the attack on her nor any of the men she claimed participated in the attack for fear of retaliation against her. In the months Erdely spent reporting the story, Jackie neither said nor did anything that made Erdely, or Rolling Stone’s editors and fact-checkers, question Jackie’s credibility. Her friends and rape activists on campus strongly supported Jackie’s account. She had spoken of the assault in campus forums. We reached out to both the local branch and the national leadership of the fraternity where Jackie said she was attacked. They responded that they couldn’t confirm or deny her story but had concerns about the evidence.
In the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie’s account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced. We were trying to be sensitive to the unfair shame and humiliation many women feel after a sexual assault and now regret the decision to not contact the alleged assaulters to get their account. We are taking this seriously and apologize to anyone who was affected by the story.
Will Dana
Managing Editor
I should also note that Richard Bradley , a former editor at George — who, having been once bitten by Stephen Glass’s faked articles, is now twice shy — was either the first journalist or among the first to suggest that there was something amiss about the Rolling Stone piece. His post was published on Nov. 24, 2014, five days after the original Rolling Stone article.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

HRD ministry and Mr ControversyHRD ministry and Mr Controversy
Derek O'Brien |  Dec 06, 2014 09:44 PM IST
For the last 190 days, I have been trying to find at least half a reason to agree with something that the HRD (human resource development) ministry does. For the last 180-190 days, their best friend has been Mr Controversy. Whatever they try to do either controversy has followed them or they have followed controversy. Be it on Teachers Day, where we are still not sure whether it was mandatory for the students to listen to their speech or they were given a choice. It was not clarified whether the prime minister's speech was compulsory or not compulsory. Then, there was a big controversy about who had what degree, or, did not have a degree. Then, there was another controversy about which third language came and which third language went. Then, there was one more controversy about one Dinanath Batra. If you remember, he was the person who was responsible for the banning of (Wendy) Doniger's book of Penguin India. There was a controversy as to how many meetings he was having and what agenda he was making out for the HRD. Then, there was a controversy and a concern where members of Vidya Bharati, a big educational network of the RSS (Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh), were having meeting upon meeting…
Tarun Vijay: I am on a point of order, member has named certain people. They are not members of this august House. So, kindly have them deleted.
Deputy Chairman: You cannot take the name of any person who cannot come and defend here. ...(Interruptions)...
Derek O'Brien: I am not saying anything bad. I just said that he had a meeting. ...(Interruptions)...
Jaya Bachchan: He is just mentioning names. He has not said anything adverse. ...(Interruptions)...
Derek O'Brien: I have not made any allegations. ...(Interruptions)...
D Raja: It was just a reference, not an allegation. ...(Interruptions)...
Deputy Chairman: Okay; okay. It is alright. ...(Interruptions)...
Derek O'Brien: My precious time is being wasted. ...(Interruptions)..
You know, Sir, when I mention that abbreviation, I know it is a touchy issue. But I have mentioned it in the past. And, I will mention it till I feel and the country feels that this educational system of ours is untouched, at least, in terms of making the majority voice the only voice.
Today, after all these controversies, I am actually delighted that I can stand up here and say, "Good, it is a good move. It is a very good move." In fact, different people get their inspirations from different people. And, that is fair enough.
So, I heard the inspiration, which inspired this Bill when the minister was speaking about it. I also have got my inspiration from a different source. In the last three years, we haven't had a slogan for West Bengal, no fancy slogans. But there are three or four points in the world of IT (information technology) that I want to share. So it may inspire everybody to move in this direction. For example, three years ago, there were 90,000 people employed in Bengal in the IT sector; today that figure is 120,000.
Three years ago, IT export out of Bengal was 8,000; today, it is 11,000. Today, you all have come up with this Bill for the IIITs. In June, my colleague, Finance Minister, Amit Mitra, announced in Bengal, the IIIT in Bengal, which started at Kalyani, and now it is working in a temporary campus. The IIIT is on a different mode; this is on the PPP (public-private partnership) mode; it will now move; it has a tie-up with BESU (Bengal Engineering and Science University); and it is on 50 acres. It is already working in a temporary accommodation for the last four months, and, next year, it will be on a 50-acre plot. So, this is an inspirational story from Bengal.
Specifically to the Bill, I have a couple of suggestions. One, it may be a good idea - like they do in some international universities - to provide students, when they join, with some soft loan to meet their fees and hostel charges. Some of them cannot meet those fees and hostel charges. It may be a nice idea to provide them a soft loan and then, over a period of time, when they get a job, they give post-dated cheques. So, they, in effect, are earning their education after they get a job. This is number one. And, the second suggestion I have is, again, to protect the students. There are a lot of big ideas which are technological ideas, which will perhaps come out of these institutes. Is there a way - which the minister could kindly consider - to see that the patent, when created, is held not only by the institution but the young boy or the young girl who has created that also has some right on that patent?
I am very, very happy to note that one of the strong recommendations of the Standing Committee, of which I was a part, along with Dr Mungekar and many others, that there should be some state government representation on that body, on the main body, has been accepted. That has been done. We appreciate that.
And the last point, Sir, before I conclude, is that this is one model where this is a centrally-funded model. But in the other model, which is state, Centre and PPP, there are lots of issues, especially, who gives the land. I would urge the ministry not to rush into that because that is a pretty complicated affair. I would urge you to get the states on board so that at the end of it all, everyone lives happily ever after. Thank you.
Edited excerpts from a speech made by Member of Parliament from the Trinamool Congress Derek O'Brien, during the debate on
The Indian Institutes of Information Technology Bill, 2014, in the Rajya Sabha, December 1, 2014

United Janata Dal will give a voice to the majority: Sharad YadavUnited Janata Dal will give a voice to the majority: Sharad Yadav
Archis Mohan |  Dec 06, 2014 09:42 PM IST
Sharad Yadav, President of the Janata Dal (United) or JD(U), is one of the architects of the proposed merger of six political parties who trace their roots to the erstwhile Janata Dal. Yadav tells Archis Mohan how the grand alliance with Left parties and even the Congress is the need of the hour. Edited excerpts:
What is the aim behind this proposed merger?
We are faced with a new political reality that has emerged because of the vacuum that resulted from the miserable failure of the United Progressive Alliance (UPA )-II, and the splits in the Janata Dal. There is concern across the country in the manner the Opposition numbers have plummeted. For the present, we have attempted at bringing about the merger of all those parties who were at ease with the idea. All of us are in agreement that a larger political party be formed as an effective weapon to rally the people of this country to prepare for future challenges.
Why form one single party when, barring Bihar, these parties are not electoral rivals in their respective states?
The objective of this merger isn't merely electoral politics. It is as much about several recent incidents, the kind of promises that were made (during the elections), unprecedented use of money and (the threat to) social harmony in the country.
Take, for example, the burning of a church in Delhi. This has never happened before in Delhi. I am not saying who the perpetrators were, but the fact is that such incidents are taking place.
Our fight is against their extra-constitutional agenda. They speak in two voices. In Delhi, they talk about "sabka saath, sabka vikas", but elsewhere some of their people talk about love jihad, others want missionary schools in tribal areas to shut down or students asked to address their teachers as acharya and not father. Their people talk about how not Gandhi but Nehru should have been assassinated.
Communal tensions erupt just before an election. We do know who engineers such tensions. We have a prime minister who is turning mythology into science. The need of the hour is to build scientific temper among our people, not tell them how our ancient plastic surgeons sewed an elephant's head on the bust of a boy. Our leaders like JP (Jayaprakash Narayan) and (Ram Manohar) Lohia encouraged building scientific temper among people. They fought for Mahatma Gandhi's philosophy of daridra narayan - to see the God in the poor and lowly.
Then there is the question of farmers being denied their due and environmental concerns ignored to invite investments. Being market-friendly is important but not with total disregard for one's environment.
With Narendra Modi redefining politics of backward caste assertion by claiming to be an OBC and a tea-seller, is there a need for the Janata Parivar to reinvent its political idiom of social justice?
There is a huge gap in what they (Sangh Parivar) say on public platforms and what they do on the ground. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) didn't support the implementation of the Mandal Report. The caste that Modi hails from wasn't part of the original Mandal Commission list. It was added to the state list of Gujarat; and to the central list during the Atal Bihari Vajpayee-led government's tenure.
Secondly, caste is as old as religion. The caste system might witness changes from time to time, but it would be a big lie if somebody were to claim that it is no longer in existence. This time, they did win with their clever mix of religion and caste. But the struggle for social change cannot be achieved with pronouncements from the lectern.
The Janata Parivar leaders are known for infighting and splits.
This might be true, but at the same time, our sacrifices and struggle to work towards economic and social justice in India should also be acknowledged. The problem is our critics have little else to say about us or our icons. Can leaders like Ram Manohar Lohia or JP be accused of anything, or for that matter their successors like George Fernandes, Madhu Dandavate and Madhu Limaye? Our JD(U) is one of the oldest parties from the Janata Parivar.
The exception of JD(U) aside, most other parties in this new formation suffer from dynastic politics.
Yes, dynastic politics is a question. But the bigger reality is social injustice. We are the only people who have consistently fought for social equity, including the V P Singh government, which implemented the Mandal Commission report. That cost us the government as BJP started shilanyas in Ayodhya, Lalu ji arrested Advani in Bihar. We sacrificed our government for the cause. Do please recall that as well when you remember our toot-phoot (splits). Our efforts have brought some of the most seminal changes in Indian politics, whether the Samyukta Vidhayak Dal governments of 1967 or the JP-led Janata Party experiment of 1977 or the fight against social and economic inequality.
Apart from the six, any other parties that could join?
I am discussing with others and you would come to know when the talks reach some conclusion. The left parties aren't separate from us. They are happy at this development. They wanted us to join hands. People in the Congress have also welcomed. A united Janata Dal will give a voice to the concerns of the majority, as its natural support base comprises peasants and workers, while the BJP's primary base is from upper sections of our society.
The Congress supports many of the economic policies of the government. Can it be an effective partner of this grand alliance?
Today's Congress isn't what it used to be. We have come together in Bihar. This isn't the Congress of the times of Lohia and JP.
What about the Mamata Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress?
I believe there is a genuine problem in some states. Mamataji is a mass leader of Bengal. Left parties are also important there, as is the Congress. The situation is complicated there, as it is in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra.
We think that more and more like-minded parties will join us when they see their (BJP and Sangh Parivar's) taur-tarike (words and actions). It isn't about getting a political party in each state to join us but to consolidate as many of the 70 per cent votes that didn't vote for the BJP. (The BJP received 31 per cent of the total votes cast in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.) Even 40 per cent (of the 70 per cent) coming together will be enough.
The Socialist Party of old had a strong cadre across North India, but not anymore. Your fight, however, is with a strong cadre-based party.
It took them (RSS) long to come to power. We have formed governments at the Centre much before they could. JP was the catalyst for the government in 1977, then the V P Singh and Chandra Shekhar governments as also the United Front government in 1996. Yes, these didn't last long but they (BJP and RSS) had their cadre even then. Today, what they have is unprecedented corporate support. Such a union of politics and corporate has never happened in the past. Paisa pata nahin kahan kahan se aaya hai (Their funding has come from all kinds of places.)
I do acknowledge this absence of a strong cadre. But we have formed governments in the past and that couldn't have been achieved if there was no strength in our ideology.

Rethinking Britains stanceRethinking Britain’s stance on overseas aid
Policy should focus on the quality of projects, not the quantity spent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91ff62f4-7c78-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sri Lankan presidents poll lead withersSri Lankan president’s poll lead withers as election approaches
James Crabtree in Colombo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dad179a0-7c4f-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Al-Qaeda suspect among four killed in US drone strike in PakistanThe drone strike took place in Khar Tangi village in Datta Khel, North Waziristan, a mountainous region bordering Afghanistan. (Source: Reuters photo)
By: Reuters | Dera Ismail Khan |
Posted: December 7, 2014 3:28 pm
A senior member of al Qaeda and three other suspected militants were killed in Pakistan on Sunday when a U.S. drone attacked a house they were in, Pakistani military officials said.
The attack came a day after Pakistani forces killed a major al Qaeda leader, Adnan el-Shukrijumah. The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation had offered $5 million for his capture in connection with a plot to bomb the New York subway system.
Four Pakistani military officials said a senior member of al Qaeda was among the dead in the strike by a missile-firing drone on Sunday. They identified him as Omar Farooq and said he operated in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
One official said Farooq, also called Ustad Farooq, was in his early thirties and was head of al Qaeda’s regional media department.
“He is the first Pakistani to be appointed to a senior-level position in al Qaeda,” a military official told Reuters.
“He has been key in pushing al Qaeda to focus on South Asia and helped evolve al Qaeda’s South Asia policy and specifically its anti-India activities. It was on his advice that al Qaeda officially declared the Pakistan army an apostate army.”
The drone strike took place in Khar Tangi village in Datta Khel, North Waziristan, a mountainous region bordering Afghanistan. Khar Tangi is about 45 km (28 miles) west of Miranshah, North Waziristan’s main town.
One military official said six men were killed in the attack. Drone strikes often have conflicting death tolls because independent witnesses can rarely access the areas where they take place.
The Pakistani government often publicly protests drone strikes, calling them an infringement of national sovereignty.
But many Pakistanis suspect their government secretly colludes to help identify targets, a policy that would be unpopular if it was made public.
Drone strikes in Pakistan stopped for the first six months of the year while the government held peace talks with the Pakistani Taliban.
But the talks failed and the strikes resumed days before the military announced a major anti-Taliban offensive in North Waziristan on June 15.
Military officials say they have killed more than 1,000 militants in the North Waziristan fighting. A second front has been launched in nearby Khyber Agency.
Access to North Waziristan is strictly controlled. The military ordered most civilians to leave before fighting began, so independent reports on the fighting are rare.

UN to declare June 21 as World Yoga Day: Sushma SwarajNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
The United Nations will soon declare June 21 as World Yoga Day following a proposal by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said today.
“Three months ago, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had appealed to the world community that India’s yoga should be celebrated as World Yoga Day. I am happy to inform you that we have received support of 170 nations and four days from today, the United Nations will declare June 21 as the World Yoga Day,” Swaraj said at a function in the presence of yoga guru Ramdev.
Addressing the ‘Gita Prerna Mahotsav’, organised “to celebrate 5,151 years of religious book Gita” at the Red Fort Maidan here, the senior BJP leader said that yoga is not merely an exercise, but a road to prosperity and good health.
During his visit to the United Nations in September this year, Modi had urged the world community to celebrate Indian yoga at the international level and that June 21 be declared as the World Yoga Day.
Last month, European Union president Herman Van Rompuy also told PM Modi that the 28-member EU supported his idea for a Yoga Day at the UN.
Interestingly, in the cabinet reshuffle last month, he also named a minister for Ayush, dealing with Yoga and traditional medicine.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Sushma Swaraj World Yoga Day
More from miscellaneous

Credit Suisse to shrink prime brokerageCredit Suisse to shrink prime brokerage
James Shotter in Zurich and Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1e1937e-6c16-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India  Nepal to step up border patrol to cur...You are here: Home > Collections
India, Nepal to step up border patrol to curb border crimes
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 07.45PM IST
Tags:
Armed Police Force
(During a Nepal-India Coordination…)
KATHMANDU: India and Nepal have agreed to step up patrol in their porous border areas to control cross-border crimes, including supply of arms, illegal drugs and human trafficking.
During a Nepal-India Coordination meeting, the two sides agreed to exchange information to control criminal activities along the Nepal-India border.
The meeting was held between Nepals's Armed Police Force and India's Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) at the APF headquarters yesterday, Halchowk in the Nepalese capital, myRepublica online reported.
The APF and the SSB have agreed to act responsibly for the security and protection of the border pillars.
The SSB also expressed its commitment for conducting training, logistic requirements and capacity building of the APF.
The report said that the Indian side offered to deploy coordinating officer of the APF in New Delhi for effective coordination and collaboration.
During the meeting, SSB Director General BD Sharma appreciated the APF's role in border security and controlling border crimes .
Inspector General (IG) of APF Koshraj Wanta said having semi-military structure, the APF and SSB consulted and coordinated on controlling crimes in the border areas.
The officials also reviewed the decisions of the first meeting held in Delhi and expressed commitment to implement the decisions of this meeting effectively in the days ahead.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K polls: Srinagar turned into a fortified fortress ahead of Modi s rally on MondayAbid Soffi , IBNLive.com | Dec 07, 2014 at  07:58pm IST
Srinagar: With less than 24 hours left for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir to address an election rally at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar, the entire city has been turned into a fortified fortress.
Even though security forces are already on high alert in view of the Assembly elections and sudden spurt in militant violence, a fresh advisory has been issued to all security agencies to keep a close watch on anti-national elements who may try to disrupt peace during Modi's rally.
Thirty paramilitary forces companies have been deployed in and around the Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar.
Official sources said that security forces have occupied all high rise buildings around the stadium to keep a close watch on vehicular and pedestrian movements. Thirty paramilitary forces companies have been deployed in and around the stadium while sharp shooters have been deployed on Suliman Tang and Rustam Gali in the Dalgate area, to secure the area and neutralize any threat.
Meanwhile, the roads leading to the stadium from civil lines has been closed with barbed wire near Radio Kashmir crossing and neither vehicles nor pedestrians are being allowed to go towards the stadium. Similarly, vehicles coming from south Kashmir, including Anantnag, Pulwama, Shopian and Pampore are being diverted through bypass to reach civil lines from Nowgam.
They said check points have been established at Tourist Reception Centre, Budshah Chowk, Ram Bagh and civil lines. Almost all vehicles, particularly carrying passengers are being searched and passengers frisked before they are allowed to go.
Vehicles entering the city from outsides are also being searches before allowing them to go as security forces believe that militants may try to sneak into civil lines from outskirts to cause disturbances. Security forces on December 5 killed two Lashker-e-Toiba (LeT) militants when they were trying to infiltrate into the city from outskirts at Soura.
Modi will be the third Prime Minister of the country to address a rally from the same venue in high security Sonawar area of the city.
Earlier in 2003, the then Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee addressed a public rally, extending a hand of friendship to Pakistan when relations between the two neighbour countries were at its low following Kargil war. The offer was welcomed by Pakistan and a dialogue process was initiated between the two countries. Later in May both the countries restore diplomatic ties.
Later in 2004, Dr Manmohan Singh, as the prime minister of India, addressed a public meeting at SK stadium. However, hours before Dr Singh was to address the rally, security forces foiled a 'fidayeen' attack and killed two militants who were hiding in a nearby structure at Rustam Gali top to attack the rally.
(Abid Soffi is the Managing Editor 'Kashmir Pioneer'. He lives in Srinagar.)
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

China launches satellite using 200th Long March carrier rocketChina launches satellite using 200th Long March carrier rocket
Uber cab driver arrested in UP after suspected rapeUber cab driver arrested in UP after suspected rape
Political upstart challenges Germanys greying leadersPolitical upstart challenges Germany’s greying leaders
Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/215aad24-7e17-11e4-b7c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nato seeks weapons to counter Russias information warNato seeks weapons to counter Russia’s information war
Sam Jones, Defence and Security Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad8db1d4-7be6-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Equity crowdfunding for start-ups growsEquity crowdfunding thrives despite high risks
Judith Evans
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3ba47796-7624-11e4-9761-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Constitution is the Holy Book in democracy: Mamata BanerjeeBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: December 7, 2014 9:32 pm
Reacting to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s remark that only a formality remained before declaring Bhagwad Gita as the national scripture, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Sunday said the Constitution was the “Holy Book” in a democracy.
“Our Constitution says India is a secular country. The Constitution is the Holy Book in a democracy,” Banerjee told reporters here reacting to Swaraj’s remark that Bhagwad Gita would be declared as “Rashtriya Granth” (national scripture).
“We respect all holy books equally. They are all our pride,” Banerjee, the Trinamool Congress chief, said.
“Quran, Puran, Ved, Vedanta, Bible, Tripitak, Zend-Avesta, Guru Granth Sahib, Gita – we respect all,” she said.
Pressing for the Centre to declare Bhagwad Gita as a “Rashtriya Granth”, Swaraj said only a formality remained to be completed in this regard.
Swaraj was speaking at “Gita Prerna Mahotsav”, organised “to celebrate 5,151 years of religious book Gita” at the Red Fort Maidan in Delhi where VHP President Ashok Singhal said Prime Minister Narendra Modi should immediately declare the sacred text of Hindus as a national scripture.

Ben Franklin Tech Partners set to tap Indian startupsBen Franklin Tech Partners set to tap Indian startups
Raghuvir Badrinath | Bengaluru Dec 07, 2014 08:48 PM IST
The State of Pennsylvania, which is among the top states in doing business in the United States is looking to deepen its relationship with India through the much applauded Ben Franklin Technology Partners (BFTP) initiative.
This three-decade old programme's core focus is to provide companies with the financial and support resources they need to fuel innovation and growth in order to create high-value, sustainable jobs in Pennsylvania.
Wilfred H Muskens, Deputy Secretary for International Business Development, Pennsylvania Department of Community & Economic Development, in an exclusive interview with Business Standard said that with scores of innovative startups in India, especially in Bengaluru, the BFTP initiative is a key resource through which entrepreneurs can work across the India-US connect.
“There are many start-ups who are targeting the US market and Pennsylvania is an ideal base for them. With BFTP, they can work forward on expansion in the US market and create a good spring-board in the highly lucrative US market,” Muskens told Business Standard.
BFTP, since its inception in 1983 has made more than 3,500 financial investments in Pennsylvania-based companies.
“Many companies in BFTP portfolio were at the earliest stages of development when they first sought assistance, a time when funding is most critical and most difficult to obtain.
BFTP has been the first institutional investor for companies, providing seed capital for the initial product development and commercialisation efforts," Muskens added.
According to information available, various initiatives BFTP has boosted the economy of PA by more than $23.5 billion, generated 51,000 jobs in client firms, added 89,000 additional jobs beyond those in client firms, yielding a total of 140,000 new jobs attributable to BFTP's support.
Muskens added that in addition to this initiative, they are working closely with the bio-technology companies and mining & safety equipment market, the areas in which Pennsylvania is strong in.
“We house more than 2,000 companies who are involved in life sciences research, engineering medical devices and developing pharmaceuticals. The life sciences industry is thriving and PA is ranked third in the US for biotechnology employment and industry strength in drugs and pharmaceuticals," Muskens added.
He further noted that Life Sciences Greenhouses advance biotech and medical device start-ups by providing access to funding, investors and technical expertise.
“Since the inception of the Greenhouses, there has been a total investment of close to $68 million in more than 194 projects and has leveraged more than $3 billion in private funds, besides bringing 175 life-saving patient care products to the market," Muskens noted.

Bharatiya Janata Party to hold 90 nukkad jansabhas on Monday  Sadhvi to addressBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 10:17 pm
Going ahead with its Assembly polls preparations, Delhi BJP will organise 90 nukkad jansabhas (street corner meetings) on Monday in which union minister Sadhvi Niranjana Jyoti and other senior ministers including Ravi Shankar Prasad and Maneka Gandhi.
The party will hold around 350 street corner meetings across the national capital in the coming week and besides these ministers, actor-turned-MPs Kiron Kher and Paresh Rawal would also address the meetings in the capital.
“This week will see a big show of around 350 BJP’s nukkad jansabhas in all corners of Delhi with even senior ministers going to these corner meetings,” Delhi BJP said in a statement.
A senior party leader said Sadhvi’s episode was now over and the leader would go among the people and apprise them about the work done by the Narendra Modi government.
Party sources also said MPs holding ‘nukkad jansabhas’ have been advised to avoid giving controversial statements so that opposition could not get another chance to criticise the saffron party.
Besides Sadhvi, Ravi Shankar Prasad and Menaka Gandhi, other top leaders who would hold nukkad jansabhas includes, Najma Hepatullah, Satyanarain Jatia and Thawar Chand Gehlot.
The party has decided to hold nukkad jansabh of Sadhvi in Trilokpuri, which had recently witnessed riots, and New Ashok Nagar area on Monday.
Sadhvi, a Minister of State for Food Processing, had recently made a controversial remarks, leaving the BJP and the government embarrassed. She expressed “deep regret” and apologised for her actions but the Opposition has been demanding her sacking.
Meanwhile, Delhi BJP President Satish Upadhyay has expressed indignation over the incident in which a cab driver had raped a girl in Delhi on Friday night.
Upadhyay has suggested Delhi Police Commissioner that police pickets should check the taxies and other public transport vehicles running in night and when ever females are found travelling alone, policemen should keep a record and tab the drivers.

Woman raped inside public toilet in AhmedabadBy: Express News Service | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 7, 2014 10:09 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 10:10 pm
A 42-year-old woman was allegedly raped inside a public toilet in Memnagar area of the city on Sunday. The woman was allegedly being harassed since last 10 days by the accused who is public toilet employee and a migrant from Bihar.
The Ghatlodia police who rushed to the spot after the widow’s son raised an alarm detained the accused from the Pay & Use Toilet and dragged him to the police station. The police identified him as Nathuni Mahato a migrant of Hajipur tehsil in Bihar.
The victim, a regular at the pay and use toilet, went to the toilet on Sunday too when the accused tried to harass her first. When the victim was coming out of the toilet, he had allegedly shut the door from inside. The victim was the only user inside the toilet during the time of the incident and the accused allegedly took the opportunity to assault her.
The Ghatlodia police said he raped her brutally inside and she suffered injuries too on her body. However, she couldn’t save herself and rushed towards her residence in Patelvas at Memnagar.
Ghatlodia Inspector, AG Gohil said, “The victim is around 42 years and she first reported the matter to her son. The family called the 108 ambulance who took her to a civil hospital after her health deteriorated. The family members and community members gathered outside the public toilet where the accused was present. He tried to flee from there however the police arrived and detained him from there. We are going to thoroughly question him tonight after which he will be declared arrested for rape.”
The victim who is a widow lives in a four-room house with her son and other family members in a joint family system. She was reportedly having domestic issues with her sister-in-law due to which from last few weeks she was using the public toilet.
Inspector Gohil said, “She and her sister-in-law had some issues and she wanted to avoid the everyday conflicts, therefore, had started using the pay and use toilet nearby. However, she was being harassed at the public toilet by the accused from last 10 days. She never told her family until today when she told her son. We will record her statements too after she is reported fine by the doctors at the hospital. If she was threatened all these days, we will add more charges against the accused.”
The victim is undergoing treatment at the Sola civil hospital.
The police added that the accused has been working at the public toilet from at least last three months. The accused has been booked for rape under Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code.

Make Gita national scripture  says Sushma; opposition hits outMake Gita national scripture  says Sushma; opposition hits out
Champions Trophy: India go down 2-4 to ArgentinaChampions Trophy: India go down 2-4 to Argentina
The International Rescue Committee: Helping rebuild the lives of Syrian refugees© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/4a8c4444-7a54-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Militarys Report CardThis week, one year after historic reforms were signed into law, we find out if more survivors of sexual assault are coming forward and if the number of assaults is going down.
One year ago, a sexual assault survivor in the U.S. military faced a daunting landscape.
Resources for survivors were limited. There was nobody whose job it was to fight for victims' interests. If a survivor had the courage to come forward, they were subjected to an often-invasive pre-trial process in which every aspect of their personal lives could be aired. Their attacker might be convicted, only to receive a slap on the wrist -- or even have his conviction thrown out entirely by a military commander.
Things are different now.
Historic reforms in last year's defense bill mean commanders have been stripped of the ability to overturn convictions, and are being held accountable under rigorous new standards. Every victim who reports an assault now gets their own   independent lawyer to protect their rights and fight for their interests -- a reform with no parallel in the civilian justice system. Civilian review is now required if a commander decides against a prosecution when a prosecutor wants to go to trial. Dishonorable discharge is now a required minimum sentence for those convicted. It is now a crime for any servicemember to retaliate against a victim who reports a sexual assault. And the pre-trial Article 32 process has been reformed to better protect survivors.
When President Obama signed our reforms into law one year ago, a healthy policy debate was still ongoing in the Senate over whether some additional reforms -- or even an alternate system entirely -- were needed. While that debate played out, the president gave military leaders one year to implement the defense bill and show significant progress. And so this week, those military leaders will give their report to the president.
Here are three things to watch for, that would mean our reforms are working:
Reporting going up. Virtually everyone who debated how to curb sexual assaults in the military agreed on one thing -- progress would mean an increase in the number of reports of such crimes. Because that would mean more victims having the confidence to come forward and trust the system. As Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, my friend and colleague with whom I debated these policies, said: "And today's [prosecution] record is not horrible. One in 10 go to trial, and then once they go to trial, the conviction rate is extremely high. That's not the problem in the system. The problem in the system is no one trusts the system, so they don't enter the system. They don't trust they can possibly have justice..." In recent months, we've seen an initial spike in reporting -- and now we'll be looking to whether that trend continues. If reporting goes up, that's a major signal that our reforms are working.
Incidents of assault going down. This one is easy to understand -- and it's our ultimate goal -- fewer incidents of sexual violence against our troops.
What our troops have to say. This week's report should also include direct feedback from our troops on their experiences with the military justice system. If we see majorities of our servicemembers rating those experiences highly -- if they are feeling protected and empowered as it relates to preventing and punishing sexual violence -- then we know our reforms are working.
But even if this week's report shows the progress we're hoping for, it's sure to also demonstrate areas where we need to continue working -- and as we look at those areas, we must ensure the remedies we propose address the problems that exist.
A few months ago, a package of additional reforms by Senators Kelly Ayotte and Deb Fischer, and I, was approved unanimously in the Senate. Our bipartisan Victims Protection Act would generally eliminate the "good soldier" defense for servicemembers accused of sexual assault, and allow victims formal input on whether their case is tried in military or civilian court. It would allow survivors to challenge their discharge or separation from service, strengthen the role of the prosecutor in advising commanders on going to court-martial, boost accountability of commanders for setting appropriate command climate, and extend protections to the Military Service Academies. These additional reforms are needed, and I'm working as hard as I know how to ensure they're included in this year's annual defense bill.
Ultimately, I think that all stakeholders in this debate can find common ground and agreement in our hope that this week's report on sexual violence in the military will demonstrate real, and lasting progress -- and show that a system that includes a role for commanders, and holds them accountable with historic reforms, will work for survivors.
U.S. Senator Claire McCaskill is a former courtroom prosecutor of sex crimes and a senior member of the Armed Services Committee.
Follow Sen. Claire McCaskill on Twitter: www.twitter.com/clairecmc
More:

Banks may soon get to finance stalled projectsComments
Soon, banks may be allowed to pump in funds into projects, which have been classified as non-performing assets (NPAs), but can be revived if handled well.
To ease the burden of rising NPAs — loans that do not yield returns — the finance ministry is considering a proposal to provide banks a single-window opportunity to identify “viable” stressed assets and finance them to rekindle growth, a senior government official told HT.
However, only those projects that have been stranded due to external reasons including economic slowdown and shortage of raw materials would be considered for such restructuring.
“Such projects would be kept under scrutiny and after one year, would be classified as standard assets implying they are productive, in case they can maintain their repayment cycle and show signs of picking up,” the official said, while citing the recently submitted Santosh B Nayar committee report on restructuring of stressed assets. Nayar is the chairman of India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd.
The move would not only help restart stranded projects, especially those in the infrastructure sector, but ease the level of NPAs in the banking sector.
Asset quality in state-owned banks has been under pressure due to rising NPA levels.
The Nayar panel report on financing infrastructure projects, which was recently submitted to the finance ministry, has underlined the need to “revive all viable projects irrespective of the asset classification status, as saving such capacities is of paramount importance in the long-term interest of the economy.”
In the latest credit policy review, RBI governor Raghuram Rajan also indicated that debt restructuring norms for stressed projects could be relaxed, a move that would provide flexibility in loan repayment, especially in case of power projects that have been stranded due to non availability of raw material including coal.
The 5:25 norm, which allows banks to go in for periodic refinancing of loans of 25-year tenures, is likely to be extended even for existing projects categorised as standard and banks would be permitted to take a greater chunk of equity than the current permissible limit. The current 5:25 norm, introduced in July, is applicable only for new projects.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley met chairman of public sector banks on November 20 to take stock of bad loans and discussed steps to bring down NPAs.
“The RBI is looking into the issue and this would be critical going ahead as it would help in restarting many stranded projects, which would eventually be beneficial for lenders,” said a mid-sized public sector bank chairman, who did not wish to be identified.

Campus calling: 40 IIT students get 1 cr-plus offersComments
It is hiring season in the country’s premier technology institutes, the IITs. And making waves are the girl students, who despite a skewed gender ratio – one girl for every 10 boys – are outdoing the latter in landing plum offers, many with annual packages totalling to Rs. 1 crore or more.
On day 4 of placement interviews at IIT Bombay and IIT Kharagpur, it was a healthy mix of new economy and core manufacturing firms that saw 130 top companies such as GE, Airbus Industrie, Rolls Royce, Shell, Taiwan Semi-Conductor Manufacturing Corp, Facebook and Flipkart queuing up to chase India’s finest brains.
Deepali Adlakha, a B Tech (computer science) student at IIT Bombay was hired on day 1 by social networking website Facebook as a software engineer. Her base salary is Rs. 65 lakh.
“This is the average figure that tech companies like Facebook, Google, Microsoft have been offering to students from IITs. I will be joining Facebook in either September or October next year and will work out of Menlo Park, San Francisco,” Deepali told HT. The institute has also seen five other girl students bag similar job offers — beating the gender ratio of students on the campus.
Deepali’s gross package, including bonus and stock options, will come to a gross of Rs. 1.44 crore.
The students were chary of sharing overall compensation figures, and the IIT officials also did not like to dwell on the salaries. However, according to some of the students, over 40 people have got offers that tot up to well over Rs. 1 crore per year.
Facebook has also hired three other computer science graduates of which two were given pre-placement offers. The average gross salary for the trio is Rs. 1.40 crore a year.
But the computer science student is not the only IIT graduate to have been hired by a tech company. Darpan Malkan, a metallurgical engineering from IIT Bombay was hired by Flipkart, where he will work in different verticals including strategy, marketing before being confirmed in one department.
In all about 40 students from various IITs were recruited on the first day itself.
While job offers have been plenty from manufacturing and core sector firms, placement coordinators say that the higher offers from tech companies get all the attention and distorts the average package. The institutes are strict in not talking about salaries. “Start-ups typically offer more as their funding is directly linked to the number of IIT grads they hire,” said Mohak Mehta, placement manager at IIT Bombay. “But being an engineering institute, we make sure core manufacturing also gets due attention and are the first to meet our students.”
Kartikeya Pophali, who is doing his masters in mechanical engineering from IIT Bombay, has been hired by oil major Shell at their technology center at Bangalore.
Atishay Sharma, another masters student in electrical engineering, has been roped in as an R&D engineer with Taiwan SemiConductor Manufacturing Corp in Taiwan.
IIT Kharagpur, another premier IIT, has also seen Flipkart, Google and other tech majors hire their talented students. “Flipkart has taken about 25 students and we expect another 90 students in the pre-placement programme,” said one coordinator who asked not to be named.

Sahara sells Gurgaon land to M3M for 1 211 crComments
The beleaguered Sahara Group has sold a 185-acre plot of land on the Dwarka-Gurgaon Expressway to Gurgaon-based developer M3M India Ltd for Rs. 1,211 crore.
M3M said on Thursday that both sides had agreed to the deal two months ago, but it was subject to approval of the Supreme Court.
Asked about the original value of the plot, Sahara told HT that it has placed all relevant records before the Supreme Court, and could not give further details as the matter was sub-judice.
Sahara chief Subrata Roy has been in Tihar Jail since March this year. The court has asked the company to deposit Rs. 10,000 crore towards his bail.
The company was ordered by market regulator Sebi to return Rs. 24,000 crore to investors, and was recently allowed by the apex court to sell four identified domestic properties; this is expected to realise about Rs. 2,710 crore. The other three properties are in Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai in Mumbai.
The apex court bench was informed that the group has already generated Rs. 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai, following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to Sebi’s counsel.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs. 411.82 crore which has gone into the account of Sebi.
As part of Thursday’s deal, M3M has paid Rs. 150 crore upfront to Sahara. The rest would be paid in installments over six months.
Bidders for the land included Piramal group, Adani group and Reliance Infra apart from M3M, sources said.
“The land has a 12 million square feet built-up area and we will come up with a high-end mixed-use development project on this land comprising of branded homes,
service apartments, offices, retail, hotels and entertainment centres. We are expecting sales revenue of Rs. 12,000 crore from this project,” said Pankaj Bansal,
director, M3M India.
Bansal said the company would fund the project cost largely from internal accruals, but is also exploring tie-ups with international developers, financial institutions and private equity firms.

Wall Street regains its old way with wordsWall Street regains its old way with words
Gary Silverman
The wheelers and dealers of the financial world twist and turn English to their advantage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/30f33e5c-7bb2-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Angry electorate makes politicians fearfulAngry electorate makes politicians fearful
Philip Stephens
The mainstream UK parties are on the run — left, right and centre
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82c5efd0-7bb3-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

When estranged allies uniteSanjay Jog: When estranged allies unite
Sanjay Jog |  Dec 06, 2014 09:46 PM IST
After 70 days of political brinkmanship, estranged partners Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Shiv Sena have come together to run an alliance government after 15 years in opposition. The Shiv Sena had to swallow its pride and join the BJP government fearing isolation in state politics and loss of supremacy especially in India's richest civic body, the Brihan Mumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), which has an annual budget of Rs 31,000 crore. BMC contracts are the Sena's lifeblood. To lose this would have put serious curbs on the party's finances.
Shiv Sena has been ruling BMC in alliance with the BJP for the last 20 years. In the 227-member BMC, Shiv Sena has 75 seats and the BJP has 31. Shiv Sena would have lost more than the BJP in BMC and other civic and local bodies had the BJP decided to break the alliance.
The Sena, which fought its first Assembly election after the death of party founder Bal Thackeray, and that too independently, won 63 seats against its Mission 150. It has now accepted to play second fiddle to the BJP. During the campaign it had termed the BJP as its number one enemy and had criticised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for leading the Afzal Khan team bent upon dividing Maharashtra. However, the Sena leadership soon realised that had it decided to remain in the Opposition for another five years it would be hard to keep its flock together. Some of the Sena legislators had hinted they could cross over to the BJP.
This apart, a large number of legislators, who were first time MLAs, were putting pressure on Sena President Uddhav Thackeray to bury the hatchet with the BJP.
The BJP, which had won 122 seats (121 after the death of the newly elected legislator from Nanded) was 23 short of simple majority in the 288-member state Assembly. The party was finding it hard to publicly defend the offer of outside support extended by the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), which Modi and his team had dubbed the "Naturally Corrupt Party". Devendra Fadnavis or the BJP in general never publicly admitted that the government had accepted or rejected the NCP's support but was ready to use it as a buffer.
Meanwhile, Shiv Sena was offered the post of minister of state in the Modi Cabinet. The story of how Anil Desai returned to Mumbai from Delhi airport is well known. Thackeray wanted the BJP leadership to discuss Sena's demands for the post of deputy chief minister and key ministries including home and a second Cabinet minister at the Centre. This was rejected.
Simultaneously, back channel talks involving Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, Union Minister of Petroleum Dharmendra Pradhan and an RSS swayamsevak-turned State Cooperation Minister Chandrakant Patil were launched to bring Sena on board. But they were suspended for lack of consensus.
BJP continued to humiliate its former ally but offered the post of Leader of Opposition to Shiv Sena. Insiders from both parties now reveal that by accepting the post, the Shiv Sena kept a window open to rapprochement with BJP.
At the same time, Uddhav and Leader of Opposition in the state Assembly Eknath Shinde stepped up their attack against the BJP government for its inept handling of drought conditions, especially in Marathwada and Vidarbha regions and the deteriorating law and order. However, Fadnavis realised that an aggressive Shiv Sena may be a headache for him especially during the winter session of the state legislature slated to start from December 8 in Nagpur.
It was Fadnavis who took the initiative and made a strong case before BJP President Amit Shah for reaching out to Shiv Sena. Fadnavis also said that Sena with three MPs in the Rajya Sabha will add numbers, which the BJP desperately needs to get a majority in the upper house.
A reluctant Shah, after Modi's consent, asked Fadnavis to go ahead but with a rider that the Sena should be told in no uncertain terms that it was no more a big brother and it has lost its "giver'" role that it had claimed ahead of the Assembly polls.
Thereafter, Fadnavis personally spoke to Uddhav, indicating the BJP's desire to make the Sena a part of the government. The BJP authorised Pradhan and Patil to resume talks with Uddhav and subsequently Fadnavis took charge and held consultations with Sena MP Anil Desai and senior Sena leader Subhash Desai to further work out modalities.
Fadnavis made Shiv Sena agree that the alliance would not be restrict ed to the government but would be applicable to the civic and local bodies too. With a better strike rate than ally Shiv Sena, Fadnavis was convinced that the BJP will continue to keep it in civic and local bodies too. A desperate Shiv Sena yielded fearing loss of power.
Shiv Sena has put aside its opposition to the 9,900 Mw Jaitapur nuclear power project and statehood for Vidarbha, which the BJP is supporting. The Maharashtra-Karnataka border dispute is yet another issue that the Sena has been raking up to show solidarity with the Marathi speaking population. However, the party is left with no option but to support the BJP-led government in the state and the Centre for the resolution of the long-pending dispute.
The reunion poses challenges to Shiv Sena in particular to maintain its Marathi Manoos identity, especially when the BJP has made in-roads and lured Sena's traditional vote bank. On the other hand, the BJP may have to compromise on its shat pratishat (100 per cent) rule, while keeping the alliance show on.Sanjay jog
After 70 days of political brinkmanship, estranged partners Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Shiv Sena have come together to run an alliance government after 15 years in opposition. The Shiv Sena had to swallow its pride and join the BJP government fearing isolation in state politics and loss of supremacy especially in India's richest civic body, the Brihan Mumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), which has an annual budget of Rs 31,000 crore. BMC contracts are the Sena's lifeblood. To lose this would have put serious curbs on the party's finances.
Shiv Sena has been ruling BMC in alliance with the BJP for the last 20 years. In the 227-member BMC, Shiv Sena has 75 seats and the BJP has 31. Shiv Sena would have lost more than the BJP in BMC and other civic and local bodies had the BJP decided to break the alliance.
The Sena, which fought its first Assembly election after the death of party founder Bal Thackeray, and that too independently, won 63 seats against its Mission 150. It has now accepted to play second fiddle to the BJP. During the campaign it had termed the BJP as its number one enemy and had criticised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for leading the Afzal Khan team bent upon dividing Maharashtra. However, the Sena leadership soon realised that had it decided to remain in the Opposition for another five years it would be hard to keep its flock together. Some of the Sena legislators had hinted they could cross over to the BJP.
This apart, a large number of legislators, who were first time MLAs, were putting pressure on Sena President Uddhav Thackeray to bury the hatchet with the BJP.
The BJP, which had won 122 seats (121 after the death of the newly elected legislator from Nanded) was 23 short of simple majority in the 288-member state Assembly. The party was finding it hard to publicly defend the offer of outside support extended by the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), which Modi and his team had dubbed the "Naturally Corrupt Party". Devendra Fadnavis or the BJP in general never publicly admitted that the government had accepted or rejected the NCP's support but was ready to use it as a buffer.
Meanwhile, Shiv Sena was offered the post of minister of state in the Modi Cabinet. The story of how Anil Desai returned to Mumbai from Delhi airport is well known. Thackeray wanted the BJP leadership to discuss Sena's demands for the post of deputy chief minister and key ministries including home and a second Cabinet minister at the Centre. This was rejected.
Simultaneously, back channel talks involving Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, Union Minister of Petroleum Dharmendra Pradhan and an RSS swayamsevak-turned State Cooperation Minister Chandrakant Patil were launched to bring Sena on board. But they were suspended for lack of consensus.
BJP continued to humiliate its former ally but offered the post of Leader of Opposition to Shiv Sena. Insiders from both parties now reveal that by accepting the post, the Shiv Sena kept a window open to rapprochement with BJP.
At the same time, Uddhav and Leader of Opposition in the state Assembly Eknath Shinde stepped up their attack against the BJP government for its inept handling of drought conditions, especially in Marathwada and Vidarbha regions and the deteriorating law and order. However, Fadnavis realised that an aggressive Shiv Sena may be a headache for him especially during the winter session of the state legislature slated to start from December 8 in Nagpur.
It was Fadnavis who took the initiative and made a strong case before BJP President Amit Shah for reaching out to Shiv Sena. Fadnavis also said that Sena with three MPs in the Rajya Sabha will add numbers, which the BJP desperately needs to get a majority in the upper house.
A reluctant Shah, after Modi's consent, asked Fadnavis to go ahead but with a rider that the Sena should be told in no uncertain terms that it was no more a big brother and it has lost its "giver'" role that it had claimed ahead of the Assembly polls.
Thereafter, Fadnavis personally spoke to Uddhav, indicating the BJP's desire to make the Sena a part of the government. The BJP authorised Pradhan and Patil to resume talks with Uddhav and subsequently Fadnavis took charge and held consultations with Sena MP Anil Desai and senior Sena leader Subhash Desai to further work out modalities.
Fadnavis made Shiv Sena agree that the alliance would not be restrict ed to the government but would be applicable to the civic and local bodies too. With a better strike rate than ally Shiv Sena, Fadnavis was convinced that the BJP will continue to keep it in civic and local bodies too. A desperate Shiv Sena yielded fearing loss of power.
Shiv Sena has put aside its opposition to the 9,900 Mw Jaitapur nuclear power project and statehood for Vidarbha, which the BJP is supporting. The Maharashtra-Karnataka border dispute is yet another issue that the Sena has been raking up to show solidarity with the Marathi speaking population. However, the party is left with no option but to support the BJP-led government in the state and the Centre for the resolution of the long-pending dispute.
The reunion poses challenges to Shiv Sena in particular to maintain its Marathi Manoos identity, especially when the BJP has made in-roads and lured Sena's traditional vote bank. On the other hand, the BJP may have to compromise on its shat pratishat (100 per cent) rule, while keeping the alliance show on.

BIS sounds alarm over dollarBank for International Settlements sounds alarm over dollar
Claire Jones in Frankfurt and Sam Fleming in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d1702e12-7df6-11e4-b7c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Revealed: How your selfie-photo obsession is helping doctorsSelfies boost plastic surgery business
Recommend
Link
14 days ago, Reuters Videos
The selfie photo phenomenon creates big business for makeup artists, plastic surgeons and cell phone companies. Sharon Reich reports.
More on Reuters Videos:
ET NOW - 17 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Delhi: Uber Cab Driver on Run After Committing RapeDelhi: Uber Cab Driver on Run After Committing Rape
ArcelorMittal chief Lakshmi Mittal drops down South Africa rich listDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
UK-based steel baron Lakshmi Mittal has dropped further down the annual list of South Africa’s wealthiest businessmen after leading the pack for six consecutive years, due to the plummeting share price of his company ArcelorMittal SA, the world’s largest steel producer.
This is the third consecutive year that Mittal’s status has dropped in the annual list in South Africa compiled by the Sunday Times, even though does not live in the country.
Mittal established ArcelorMittal over a decade ago after acquiring former South African state-owned steelmaker Iscor.
Mittal’s 52 per cent holding in ArcelorMittal, worth 6.3 billion rands, now places him at 13th position from 9th last year, 3rd before that, while he topped the list for the preceding six years.
At the top of this year’s list is mining magnate Ivan Glasenberg, with an estimated worth of 61 billion rand.
The only other South African Indian-origin businessmen in the top 100 on the Rich List are – Mustaq Enus-Brey of Investment company Brimstone, at 78th with 76 billion rand; and Anton Pillay of Coronation Fund Managers with 493 million rand, at 87th position.
Two surprise entrants on the list of the biggest earners in South Africa were Jyoti Desai and Ahmad Farroukh, Indian-origin managers at telecommunications company MTN, which was once involved in acquisition deals with Airtel.
The rich list is based on an analysis of holdings of all companies listed on the Johannesburg Securities Exchange.
Mittal does not live in South Africa, but first headed the rich list after his then rapidly growing company first provided technical assistance to turn the ailing Iscor around before buying it out in 2001 as he expanded his global steel empire.
The rich list is based on an analysis of holdings of all companies listed on the Johannesburg Securities Exchange, thus being only the South African portion of Mittal’s wealth, as he has huge interests worldwide.
TAGS: ArcelorMittal Lakshmi Mittal
More from companies

Cabbie accused of rape in Delhi arrested in MathuraNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
The cabbie, who allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman here on Friday night, has been arrested in Mathura even as questions were raised over security measures provided by Uber, the US-based cab firm which used his taxi service.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, the 32-year-old driver and a native of Mathura who was living in rented premises here, has been arrested, according to DIG (Agra Range) Lakshmi Singh.
Singh said the Uber cab in which the crime took place was owned by him and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to the Delhi police. The car was recovered from the city late last night.
As a massive search operation was on in Mathura and other parts of Uttar Pradesh to nab the accused, Delhi Police had earlier in the day announced a cash reward of Rs one lakh for his arrest.
“The vehicle has been found and is being brought to Delhi and FSL examination by forensic experts will be done here. 12 teams are carrying out the search operation and we are getting full support from local police at Mathura,” said Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat.
The police have also issued a notice to Uber, the US-based cab service provider, under section 161 CrPC to join investigation in the case.
“We have issued them a notice to join investigation. There are norms to operate such cab service set by the Transport Department and we will see whether they were followed or not,” said Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma.
The shocking incident, which took place days ahead of the second anniversary of the December 16 gangrape, brought back memories of the horrific crime as shock and anger erupted both online and offline.
According to the police, neither the driver was verified nor the cab had a GPS tracker.
The company has issued a statement, saying that it was providing all help to the police in the investigation.
“Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokeswoman.
The driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was an Smartphone App which he exited after the incident, the police said.
“The accused (Yadav) is being brought to Delhi,” said Deputy Commissioner of Delhi Police (North) Madhur Verma.
According to Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Manzil Saini, he was arrested from near a marriage hall along the Delhi-Agra highway under Mathura’s Sadar police station.
A case has been registered at Sarai Rohilla police station in Delhi under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
Yadav, who was driving the Uber cab, allegedly raped the woman around 9:30 PM on Friday when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat of the car only to wake up and find that they had stopped at a secluded spot. She found that the car doors were locked and, when she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed her and then committed rape, the police said.
The accused then dropped her off near her home in Inderlok after threatening to kill her if she spoke about it to anybody, it said.
Quoting the complaint, the police said that the woman had dined with her friends after her shift ended at 7 PM and one of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab to return home.
Uber, an international cab-booking service, has its headquarters in New York. It also could not immediately provide the call log as details were said to be stored at the company’s headquarters, the police said.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said that the guilty should be booked immediately.
“The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future,” he said.
“This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government,” Lalani said.
According to Police, Yadav originally hails from Elau police station area of Mainpuri district in Uttar Pradesh and was residing in a rented accommodation in Chandrapuri locality in Mathura.
When the police team reached at his residence, he was not present there.
In the evening, the joint team headed by ASP Ajay Pal of Uttar Pradesh Police arrested him from a house in Mathura which was about a kilometre away from his rented accommodation.
The police said identity of the owner of the house from where Yadav was arrested was yet to be ascertained.
During investigation, prime facie it has come to fore that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber, the US-based cab firm, as a number of shortcomings was found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor GPS tracking device was installed in the car, police officials said, adding Yadav was working with Uber since last six month.
Senior police officials will decide what action should be taken against the firm for the negligence, they said.
The police team along with Yadav will reach Delhi by midnight and he will be produced before a court here tomorrow.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Cab
More from miscellaneous

Sebi can withhold info on RIL probe: CICSebi can withhold info on RIL probe: CIC
Maha CM pitches for NDRC | CMs back restructuring of PCMaha CM pitches for NDRC | CMs back restructuring of PC
T gana CM assures cooperation to Centre in plan panel revampT gana CM assures cooperation to Centre in plan panel revamp
Alleged former Maoist found beheaded in JharkhandAlleged former Maoist found beheaded in Jharkhand
Giant Philippine storms show climate change threat: GreenpeaceGiant Philippine storms show climate change threat: Greenpeace
Jammu-Delhi Rajdhani searched as cops receive  threat inputJammu-Delhi Rajdhani searched as cops receive  threat input
http://t.in.com/1muuApr 12, 2012 at 02:16am IST
RBI study favours FDI in multibrand retail, atomic power
5
0
Mumbai: Making a case for opening up the multi-brand retail and the atomic power sectors to foreign investments, an RBI study on Wednesday said policy uncertainty is partly responsible for slowdown in FDI into the country.
"The government should consider allowing foreign investment in sectors such as multi-brand retail and atomic power, a globally preferred FDI sector," the Reserve Bank paper on 'Foreign Direct Investment Flows to India' said.
The study suggested that "institutional factors, such as, policy uncertainty," are causing the slowdown in FDI inflows to India despite robustness of macroeconomic variables.
FDI inflows to India remained sluggish, when global FDI flows to EMEs recovered in 2010-11, despite sound domestic economic performance.
#RBI #FDI #Retail #Atomic power
"... an empirical exercise...did suggest the role of institutional factors (government's to implement quality policy regime) in causing the slowdown in FDI inflows to India despite robustness of macroeconomic variables," it said.
Following opposition, including by its own ally Trinamool Congress, the government had to suspend its decision to open the multi-brand retail sector to foreign investments.
The paper said, "Given the international experience, it is argued that FDI in retail would help in reaping benefits of organised supply chains and reduction in wastage in terms of better prices to both farmers and consumers."
FDI inflows to India remained sluggish, when global FDI flows to EMEs recovered in 2010-11, despite sound domestic economic performance. Gross equity FDI flows moderated to $20.3 billion in 2010-11 from $27.1 billion a year ago.
The study further said as the India integrates more with the global economy and the domestic economic and political conditions permit, there may be a need to relook at the sectoral caps, especially in the insurance sector.
"The demands for raising the present FDI limits of 26 per cent in the insurance sector may be reviewed...," it said.
A Bill to raise the FDI cap in insurance sector is pending in Parliament.
The RBI paper also said another "important sector" that"may merit a revisit" is the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity produced in atomic power, where FDI is not permitted at present.
The recent trends show that the moderation in gross equity FDI flows during 2010-11 has been mainly driven by sectors such as construction, real estate and mining and services such as business and financial services, it said.
5

Paris mayor declares war on diesel carsParis mayor declares war on diesel cars
Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/462ee7ca-7e29-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK financial watchdog to review finesUK financial watchdog to review soaring level of fines
Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c7ebf06-7c7c-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Photos: Hard work continues on Hyderabad s Metro projectHyderabad Metro Rail is a rapid transit system, currently under construction, for the city of Hyderabad, India. It is being implemented entirely on PPP mode, with the state government holding a ... more 
Hyderabad Metro Rail is a rapid transit system, currently under construction, for the city of Hyderabad, India. It is being implemented entirely on PPP mode, with the state government holding a minority equity stake. less 
1 / 29
Yahoo Finance India | Photo by http://hmr.gov.in / Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited
Thu 4 Sep, 2014 12:30 PM IST

Beware of 2015 rate rise betsBe careful with those 2015 rate rise bets
Ralph Atkins in London and Michael MacKenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3824790c-7c75-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

On Wall St: Distressed energy debtTense year end for distressed energy debt
Michael Mackenzie in New York
Junk investors who tapped into the shale boom see their profits unravel
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe94997e-7bcf-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Importance of Looking After Your Personal Brand this Christmas  New Year and Beyond...reddit
The Christmas season is upon us once again and so begins the staff parties, Christmas drinks and New Years celebrations. The weather is warmer, the days are longer and that is reason enough to celebrate! The many events that surround Christmas and the New Year could be the perfect opportunity to showcase your personal brand.
You should enjoy yourself at these events; it is a celebration after all! Be positive and spread good Christmas cheer amongst your colleagues and friends, as they will remember you in the New Year.
While staff parties are intended as social events to reward employees for their hard work, they remain strictly business events.
Don't skip a party, as it displays disrespect for the hosts of the events, whether they be your peers, friends or colleagues. The hosts have been kind enough to extend an invitation to you, by attending the event you will display respect, commitment and kindness. Unless you have justifiable conflict, showing up is a must! When you do attend, spend at least an hour at the party for your future strategic relationships. Remember that not attending could hurt your reputation, but partying until the wee hours could hurt it more.
Keeping all conversations positive maintains the impact of your personal brand. Don't spend the event complaining, bragging, whining or ridiculing. Avoid controversial subjects. Remember; people won't remember the specifics of what you said; they will remember how you made them feel.
Ask the host of the event what the dress code is (if it does not appear on your invitation) and stick to it. Conservative clothes are always a good choice! Keep it professional and fun. What you wear is a direct representation of your personal brand. Dressing for success is about reflecting your authentic self. Your clothes should communicate the essential stuff that makes you you at a glance. Dress tastefully and your peers will instantly perceive you as professional.
Events around Christmas and the New Year are great opportunities to spread the goodwill of your personal brand. It is a great time to catch up with friends, colleagues and employers. Be careful not to turn these catch-ups into gossiping sessions because this is not how you want to be perceived by your peers.
Staff parties are a perfect time to get to know your colleagues! Use these events as an opportunity to rub elbows with the executives from your company. In a social environment they are more open to talk. Introduce yourself on a personal level and ask about hobbies and interests. This is a key opportunity, take advantage of it.
Drink plenty of water at these events. The weather is warmer and alcohol is dehydrating. Drinking too much is the most damaging thing you can do to your personal brand, especially at a work event. Drink a glass of water between each alcoholic beverage and set a limit. You can always go for a social drink with friends afterwards. By doing this you will ensure that your relationship with alcohol doesn't define your personal brand. Remember, there are so many more aspects of you to showcase!
Finally, don't forget to thank your hosts for their planning and coordination of the party. Sending a thank you card is a sure way to help you gain notice and be appreciated.
These tips are not only applicable to the Christmas and New Year season. By following these simple guidelines at events throughout the year you can enhance and protect your personal brand and will perceived by your friends, colleagues and employers as professional and confident.
Follow Zahrina Robertson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ZahrinaPhotos
More:

Small Businesses Drive U.S. Job Recoveryreddit
Talk about a good news Friday.
Today the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that our economy added 321,000 jobs in November. That's 57 consecutive months we've added jobs -- the longest employment growth streak since America started keeping track.
November also marks 10 straight months we've added at least 200,000 jobs -- a first since the tech boom of the mid-'90s.
These gains are a product of some smart policy decisions by President Obama as well as a lot of hard work and perseverance by the American people during our recovery from the worst recession in generations.
But most of all, this new trajectory is attributable to the success of America's entrepreneurs and the resurgence of our nation's small businesses. About 7 million of the 10.9 million jobs we've added back were created not by large corporation, but by startups and small enterprises.
The U.S. Small Business Administration exists to help small businesses weather economic storms. Our job is to get capital to entrepreneurs when private banks are not. It's this capital that allows businesses to hire and grow.
SBA loans have been on the rise since the recession, and we hit a new plateau this past fiscal year. Our $19.2 billion in lending under our flagship 7a program reached an all-time high. We also invested $5.4 billion in investment capital -- another agency record -- in America's high-growth firms through the Small Business Investment Company (SBIC) program.
Also, for the first time in eight years, we met our goal of ensuring that 23 percent of all federal contracts went to small businesses. That's $83 billion worth of revenue for small businesses to hire and grow.
Now, we're seeing national numbers that demonstrate that small businesses are truly leading our recovery.
Small businesses have led our comeback from the downturn. For 15 straight quarters, small firms have contributed to employment growth -- accounting for as much as 80 percent of job gains in any given quarter.
In the years leading up to the recession, small business deaths had outpaced births for the longest period on record. That trend has now been arrested; births have now outpaced deaths for 10 straight quarters.
Industries like construction are on the rise, adding back 210,000 jobs in the last year, and 8 out of 10 construction workers are employed by small firms.
Business bankruptcies, which peaked toward the end of the recession, have been cut in half since then.  And proprietor income has grown by more than 40 percent from the low point during the downturn.
These are all metrics that economists use to describe the optimism I see every day when I tour this nation's small businesses. On Small Business Saturday, I visited half a dozen independent merchants in the Washington metropolitan region, and I heard story after story about upticks in sales and holiday foot traffic.  According to one survey, Americans spent $14 billion at local merchants on November 29 alone.
With consumer confidence on the rise and businesses investing again, there's never been a better time for small business owners to contact their local SBA office to grow or scale their business. Go to sba.gov and to learn how we can help your businesses become part of this great economic comeback story.
Let's keep the conversation going on Twitter. Send me a message @MCS4biz and share your recovery story.
Follow Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MCS4Biz
More:

Administrator Maria Contreras-SweetGET UPDATES FROM Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet
 
Like
Maria Contreras-Sweet became the 24th Administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration and a member of President Obama’s Cabinet on April 7, 2014.
Contreras-Sweet is a successful entrepreneur, business executive, and state cabinet official. Throughout her career in the public and private sector, she has been a champion of diversity, access to capital and equal opportunity for all Americans.
Prior to her arrival in Washington, Contreras-Sweet founded the first Latino-formed commercial bank in California in more than 35 years. As the bank’s executive chairwoman, she focused on providing access to capital and counseling to small- and mid-size businesses in Los Angeles. She previously started a venture capital firm that invested in small businesses.
Contreras-Sweet was the first Latina to hold a state cabinet post in California. As Secretary of Business, Transportation and Housing, she managed 13 departments, including Caltrans, the California Highway Patrol, the Department of Motor Vehicles and the Department of Financial Institutions. She managed a $14 billion budget and a workforce of more than 42,000 employees during her five-year tenure. She led in the creation of the state’s Department of Managed Health Care and its Office of Patient Advocate and in the implementation of a $2.1 billion housing bond that stimulated the state’s economy. During California’s energy crisis, she chaired the finance committee of the state’s electrical power grid, CA-ISO, helping to stabilize the state’s volatile energy market.
Contreras-Sweet entered the private sector as the director of public affairs for Westinghouse’s 7-Up / RC Bottling Company. She rose to vice president and later became an equity partner in the company.
Contreras-Sweet was a founding director of The California Endowment, a multi-billion dollar philanthropic health foundation. She was appointed by the United States Senate to serve on the Federal Glass Ceiling Commission, created to help break down barriers between women and the executive suite. In 1989, Contreras-Sweet founded Hispanas Organized for Political Equality (HOPE), a nonprofit, nonpartisan advocacy organization dedicated to encouraging Latinas to engage more fully in the democratic process.
Born in Guadalajara, Mexico, Contreras-Sweet is a first-generation immigrant who came to America at age 5 with her mother and five siblings. She is married to Ray Sweet, and they have three children and a granddaughter.
In nominating Contreras-Sweet to lead the SBA, President Obama said: “As Secretary of the California Business, Transportation and Housing Agency, Maria was the driving force behind major job creation and major public investments in infrastructure and in housing. As a consultant, she helped companies expand into the Latino market. She’s a champion of women-owned and family-owned businesses. And as someone who moved to California from Mexico as a young girl, and whose mother worked long hours to support Maria and her five siblings, she knows firsthand the challenges that working families and recent immigrants are facing.”

Amazon own label underscore strength of e-grocery shoppingDec 06, 2014, 02.07 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Amazon own label underscore strength of e-grocery shopping
Amazon this week announced the launch of Amazon Elements, a new line of premium, everyday products available to members of its loyalty programme Prime, whose membership could exceed 40 million US households this year, according to Bernstein Research.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Amazon own label underscore strength of e-grocery shopping
Amazon this week announced the launch of Amazon Elements, a new line of premium, everyday products available to members of its loyalty programme Prime, whose membership could exceed 40 million US households this year, according to Bernstein Research.
Post your opinion here
 
Amazon.com's launch of its own private label brand of consumer goods, starting with diapers and baby wipes, underscores the website's maturity as a grocery retailer and the migration of grocery shopping online.
And if successful, the line's sharp prices could pressure profit margins for other makers of consumer goods, such as Procter & Gamble and Kimberly-Clark.
Amazon this week announced the launch of Amazon Elements, a new line of premium, everyday products available to members of its loyalty programme Prime, whose membership could exceed 40 million US households this year, according to Bernstein Research.
Elements will offer information - such as where and when items were made, why each ingredient was included and where the ingredients were sourced.
"The two things customers told us they want are premium products that meet their high standards and access to information," Sunny Jain, Amazon.com Consumables vice president said in a statement. "We're excited to offer Amazon Prime members added selection, beginning with diapers and baby wipes."
Most large grocers have their own private labels, so Amazon's move should not be a huge surprise, said Will Hayllar of OC&C Strategy Consultants. But it does underline Amazon's confidence in its push into consumer products.
"This is a sign of Amazon maturing as a retailer and certainly a sign that they're getting some critical scale in a couple of pockets of CPG (consumer packaged goods)," Hayllar said.
Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery programme, is now in about 10 U.S. markets. That is less than it had originally planned last year, a source said at the time. It faces competition from established companies like FreshDirect and startups like Instacart.
E-commerce accounts for just 3.7 percent of sales for fast-moving consumer goods like packaged food, drinks and toiletries, but that amount is growing as retailers like Amazon and Ocado gain traction among weekly grocery shops.
The Amazon Elements line is priced in between branded players' premium and basic lines, and its success could pressure margins at suppliers, said Bernstein analysts.
"This would be a challenge for CPG companies, both in terms of the top-line and their own margins, requiring CPG to change the way they fundamentally operate to adapt to this more dynamic and potentially deflationary online pricing environment," Bernstein said in a note.
RELATED NEWS

Tycoon s share success stories on Young Turks Book launchDec 06, 2014, 03.43 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Tycoon's share success stories on Young Turks Book launch
In the last episode of the three part series of the Young Turks Book Launch watch Raman Roy, Chairman and MD of Quattro Global Services in a candid conversation with the trio at Vizury – Gourav Chindlur, Vikram Nayak and Chetan Kulkarni.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tycoon's share success stories on Young Turks Book launch
In the last episode of the three part series of the Young Turks Book Launch watch Raman Roy, Chairman and MD of Quattro Global Services in a candid conversation with the trio at Vizury – Gourav Chindlur, Vikram Nayak and Chetan Kulkarni.
Post your opinion here
Young Turks
In the last episode of the three part series of the Young Turks Book Launch watch Raman Roy, Chairman and MD of Quattro Global Services in a candid conversation with the trio at Vizury – Gourav Chindlur, Vikram Nayak and Chetan Kulkarni. Also watch Rajeev Goel of PubMatic and Murugavel Janakiaraman of Bharat Matrimony had to say about their entrepreneurial journey.
Watch videos for more...

The answer to bank capitalisationN Jayakumar: The answer to bank capitalisation
N Jayakumar |  Dec 06, 2014 09:50 PM IST
The 2014 Budget document sets outs a daunting Rs 2.88 lakh crore that public-sector banks need as fresh capital over the next three to four years, in line with Basel-III norms. This regulatory requirement is further underscored by economic growth targets, which need substantial PSU banking support to be achieved. Typically, PSU banks have been the only source of long-term infrastructural finance - as also the inglorious owners of a worsening credit portfolio.
The government has urged banks to depend solely on the capital markets and further constrained the process by underlining its resolve to maintain its equity holding at a minimum of 51 per cent. (Ideas like a bank holding company also necessitate the government to invest further.) Based on current market prices, the universe of listed PSU banks has a market capitalisation of about Rs 4.5 lakh crore, leaving a head-room of Rs 1 lakh crore (approximately) available to be raised through fresh equity issues across the spectrum of banks. One is conservative here in assuming that, first, non-performing asset (NPA) levels don't deteriorate further (which even a peripheral market participant would contest); and, second, a near-unlimited appetite for PSU bank equity exists - at market-driven prices.
Apart from operational efficiencies and a much sharper focus on recoveries, private-sector banks can attribute their richer valuations to a willingness and ability to frequently raise capital, in keeping with business needs. Private-sector banks have typically traded at a multiple to book value; fresh capital issues at market prices have helped in raising book value, which have, in turn, driven stocks up further - this virtuous cycle has been the differentiator (apart from well-documented operational and portfolio issues) between private- and public-sector bank valuations. PSU banks have in fact displayed apathy for their own equity, with the government having chipped in with capital in times of stress and need - facts adequately reflected in most PSU banks trading barely above book value, at a healthy discount to their private-sector counterparts.
The solution for raising capital while maintaining 51 per cent lies in the use of non-voting shares, an instrument that's hardly ever been used in the Indian capital markets. In India, the limited non-voting share issues have taken the form of the DVR (differential voting right) - an instrument which enjoys exactly the same economic value as the ordinary share, has substantially lower voting rights (one-tenth to one-hundredth) and a provision for higher dividend than the common stock equivalent.
Unfortunately, the DVR's trading history has been chequered. The Tata Motor DVR is the most widely traded, while three other smaller stocks which have issued DVRs (Gujarat NRE Coke, Jain Irrigation and Future Retail) are too small and illiquid to be relevant. The Tata Motors DVR was issued at a 10 per cent discount, but investors shunned it; even attempts to increase the free float, through a subsequent offering, could not help to narrow the widening discount, which touched 55 per cent on the high. Over the past year, the DVR has been trading at a discount of between 25 per cent and 50 per cent to its common equity, which still makes it an infeasible parallel for the issuance of such an instrument by others.
But the government could with modifications use the DVR route to fashion its PSU bank capitalisation issue. The solution to the fundamental problem (i.e., the narrowing of the discount) is a two-step process - the thought is to allow only large, index stocks to issue DVRs and to get them simultaneously included in the respective indices (this also ensures that the market cap of fresh stock issued is not "missed out" in index computation). Further, exchange-traded funds (ETFs), which generate market exposures for their investors through purchase of index baskets, will be natural buyers of both the stocks as opposed to just the common equity, as is the case today - the main reason for the irrational pricing discount that exists between the common stock and the DVR.
Incidentally, there exists more than one precedent. Earlier this year, Google, in the US, did a stock split and issued non-voting stock to its shareholders. The stock price halved - had the S&P not included both stocks in the S&P 500 Index, the market capitalisation weight of Google in the index would have dropped by 50 per cent. The S&P 500 nomenclature, they clarified, will henceforth refer to 500 companies (and all lines of stock issued by those index companies). The non-voting counterpart of Google has traded at a discount of between one and two per cent to its common stock, as that has appropriately reflected the economic differential attributed to the lack of a voting right.
Brazil's Bovespa Index has three companies, Vale, Bradesco and Petrobras, all of which have non-voting shares issued and included in the index - these have consistently traded at between an average discount of seven per cent and a premium of one per cent.
Clearly, all PSU banks are a) not part of the index, and b) not large enough to attract investor interest. Hence, consolidation of smaller PSU banks into the index-able large PSUs is the order of the day, a process to be kick-started sometime, hopefully soon. This will ensure that as SBI, PNB, BOB (being prime examples) become larger and better-capitalised, they can absorb smaller PSUs and provide them much-needed capital, while becoming more efficient through rationalisation of expenses/overheads and a renewed assault on NPAs. It's a crying need whose time has long come.
Thus, the government will be able to raise vital capital for its banks, while maintaining control at 51 per cent-plus. Issue of capital could happen at 10-15 per cent discounts to underlying market prices, to give that extra return to investors willing to forgo voting rights.
Further, at some stage, the government could consider relaxing rules for issue of DVRs, by allowing the current cap of 26 per cent of total equity to be increased to 40-50 per cent.
In sum, capital-raising through non-voting shares of index companies and their simultaneous inclusion in the respective indices will be a two-step solution to the PSU bank capitalisation problem.
The writer is the managing director of Prime Securities, an investment banking firm. These views are his own

Avoiding another VodafoneParesh Parekh: Avoiding another Vodafone
Paresh Parekh |  Dec 06, 2014 09:48 PM IST
Clarity and consistency in tax law and improving India's ranking in 'ease of doing business' are important elements in attracting foreign investment into the country. The indirect transfer tax provisions introduced retrospectively by the Finance Act 2012 after the Vodafone ruling by the Supreme Court seek to tax transfer of shares or interest in a foreign entity which derives its value substantially from Indian assets. The objective is to tax transfer of Indian assets transferred 'indirectly'. However, the wordings of these provisions unfortunately leave scope for unnecessary controversy or possible harsh implications, unless rationalised. Let us examine some such issues.
The indirect transfer tax applies if there is transfer of a foreign entity, if it derives its value "substantially" from Indian assets. However, the irony is that the term "substantially" has not been defined at all! Whether more than 20 per cent would be substantial, or more than 75 per cent, is open to interpretation. In fact, there is already litigation on this issue, and recently the Delhi High Court has ruled in the case of Copal Research that substantially should mean "more than 50 per cent".
Take a case of transfer of a foreign company which derives 60 per cent of its value from its Indian subsidiary and the remaining 40 per cent from, say, its Singapore subsidiary. Under the present provisions there can be a risk that gains from the entire 100 per cent of the value of the foreign company may be taxed in India, whereas only 60 per cent of the value would have got taxed if the Indian subsidiary was directly transferred. Further, there is no express clarity on how to determine 'value' for this purpose - in other words, whether it refers to book value or fair market value. Also, the provisions are silent on which valuation method has to be used - the discounted cash-flow method or net asset value?
In case of subsequent 'indirect' transfers of Indian assets, there is no clarity whether 'cost step-up' will be available. An example: suppose foreign company A owns foreign company B, which owns Indian company C. If shareholders of A transfer shares of foreign company A and get taxed in India on, say, $100 million, then, when A transfers shares of foreign company B, will company A get a deduction of $100 million as the cost of acquisition while computing capital gains?
Intra-group restructuring (in the form of foreign amalgamations, demergers, and so on) could lead to 'indirect transfer' of Indian assets within the same group. Such restructuring is presently not expressly made completely tax-neutral, unlike in the case of foreign mergers and so on, that involve 'direct transfers of Indian assets'. Further, technically, even if a small shareholder of a foreign company deriving its value 'substantially' from Indian assets transfers a single share (less than one per cent of the total shareholding) outside India on a foreign stock exchange, such a small shareholder may be taxable in India!
Also, when a foreign company derives its value 'substantially' from Indian assets and declares a dividend outside India to its foreign shareholders, there can be a controversy over whether such a dividend is taxable in India.
In fact, the expert committee constituted in 2012 under the chairmanship of Parthasarathi Shome had occasion to examine some of the above issues and had provided some recommendations which were well received globally. Maybe it is time to revisit the committee's recommendations.
The committee recommended that there should be tax incidence in India only where the value of India-centric assets is 50 per cent or more, as compared to the global assets. Further, the committee recommended that the capital gains on 'indirect transfers', if at all, be taxed only to the extent that the value of the share or interest is derived from Indian assets. For this purpose, the term 'value' should be interpreted as 'fair market value' as on the last balance sheet date of the foreign company, subject to adjustments. The committee recommended that the tax should not apply if the shareholding in the Indian company, or in the immediate holding company, is less than 26 per cent. The committee also recommended exemptions for frequently traded shares of a listed foreign company, for intra-group restructuring and for foreign dividends subject to conditions. However, unfortunately, none of these recommendations is yet enacted.
Rather than leaving it to the courts to decide after years of costly and painful litigation, investors will applaud if clarity is provided upfront. It is learnt that preparations for the 2015 Budget have already begun, or may soon begin. Considering the government's intention to end "tax terrorism" and provide a clear and predictable tax regime, it would be desirable that the above issues and the Shome Committee's recommendations are considered while framing the 2015 Budget.
The writer is a partner with Ernst & Young, India. These views are his own

When Chanel went to SalzburgWhen Chanel went to Salzburg
Jo Ellison
Karl Lagerfeld conjures myth and marvel at the Chanel Métiers d’Art show in Austria
Cara Delevingne and Kendall Jenner
©Benoit Peverelli
Soo Joo Park and models
©Benoit Peverelli
Kendall Jenner and Pauline Hoarau
©Benoit Peverelli
Karl Lagerfeld and Kendall Jenner
©Benoit Peverelli
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
Was Mademoiselle Chanel inspired to create her simple, buttoned, bouclé wool jacket after spying a similar garment on a lift-boy while holidaying at the Schloss Mittersill hotel? No one knows. There is no hard documentary evidence to support such a theory. While the designer holidayed in the Tyrolean Alps, we cannot know for certain the genesis of her most famous creation.
But who cares anyway? Because when Karl Lagerfeld deems an apocryphal tale to be fashion truth, it must become so. He probably didn’t wear Lederhosen as a child growing up in Hamburg, either, but if it suits his creative vision to say that, then so be it. Fashion is 90 per cent perspiration and 10 per cent fabulation.
More
Got the glitter bug?
Salzburg, the tiny Austrian city famed for being the birthplace of Mozart and the all-singing von Trapp Wunderkinder, added a new birth to its illustrious registry this week: the arrival of Chanel’s Métiers d’Art show.
The Alpine landscape inspired Lagerfeld with another layer of narrative to weave into the Chanel mythology and, more importantly, a collection of some Tyrolean-style demi-couture clothes.
Staged in the candlelit chambers of the Leopoldskron Castle, in rooms refurnished with baroque furniture and tables groaning with food, Chanel Salzburg was a breathtaking reimagining of baroque opulence and Alpine chic: wood smoke clouded over the Leopoldskroner Weiher lake (the location in which Maria tips over her boat of charges in The Sound of Music), as guests were served freshly grilled waffles by comely waitresses in traditional dirndls.
The refrain of “Do-re-mi” echoed throughout the collection of embroidered Lederhosen, loden jackets, Tyrolean hats with extravagant plumes, adorable woollen sweaters and tights embroidered with edelweiss and other mountain flora. There were Heidi-style coiled braids, buckled clogs, suede knapsacks that might befit a goatherd and, of course, the fabled jacket — lift-boy style and worn with wide-legged striped trousers.
Cara Delevingne, the newly crowned British Fashion Awards model of the year, sucked a strawberry as she paced around in a tiered, white gown that recalled the Empress Elisabeth of Austria, whose moniker Sissi (pronounced “Cee Cee”) had provided Lagerfeld with another strand of narrative appropriation and inspired a short film co-starring Pharrell Williams.
Originally conceived as an off-season collection in which to celebrate the savoir-faire of the 10 specialist ateliers Chanel acquired in 2002 under its subsidiary company Paraffection, Métiers d’Art is presented as a unique collection of demi-couture clothes. The show both highlights the artisanal skill of the couturiers and unveils a new historical facet of the house.
It’s a myth-building exercise. But it’s also proven a fantastic opportunity to ensure dedicated media attention outside the busy show schedule, and fill the boutiques with an extra season’s worth of stock. There were 85 looks at Salzburg, and with the brand’s emphasis on craftsmanship, the collection’s slightly dearer price point has made its success all the more deliciously sweet.
“Métiers d’Art is quite sophisticated, with quite sophisticated clothing,” says Bruno Pavlovsky, Chanel’s global president of fashion, of the true value of the house’s purchase of the ateliers once so endangered by the decline of the couture industry. While the workshops (among them milliner Maison Michel, embroiderers Lesage and more recently Barrie cashmere woollen mills in Scotland) are allowed to work for other brands, Chanel’s ownership of the group puts the house in a unique position.
“Chanel’s strength is in being able to sell all these clothes,” continues Pavlovsky. “There are 189 Chanel boutiques throughout the world. With the couture it’s different; you don’t need to ask yourself whether the pieces can be duplicated or redone. With Métiers d’Art, we sell 10, 20 to 30 units for each look, and all the looks will go into production and into all the boutiques in the world, more or less. At the moment, Chanel is the only brand that has the means to produce all of this at that level of sophistication, which makes us very special.”
Special it is. However profitable or materially advantageous the Paraffection initiative might have been, few shows are as shamelessly romantic or nostalgic as the Métiers d’Art.
A combination of Lagerfeld’s curation, the focus on the petites mains and Chanel’s sheer muscle power have combined to create an event that carries a deep emotional resonance — as the teary-eyed seamstresses gathered in the library to watch the show would attest.
Previous collections, staged under starlit skies in Edinburgh or lone-ranger style in Dallas, have been no less magical. But why is such a production, a mere one-off that requires — at Pavlovsky’s estimation — about 2,000 employees to stage, deemed necessary?
“To proliferate an idea all the way down to the shop sales: you must have something at the beginning,” says Pavlovsky. “You need a strong message. If you have the collection, the story, the decor, you can create something very powerful at the boutique level.”
In cultivating the Métiers d’Art, Chanel has pioneered a new era of showmanship. And its success hasn’t gone unnoticed. Other luxury brands are now following suit with similarly far-flung spectacles: Dior will stage a pre-fall collection in Tokyo next week (an inaugural outing for the house) while Valentino is en-route to New York to mount a couture collection that will be shown in the label’s new flagship store in Manhattan. The fashion calendar, already enlivened by the rising prominence of the cruise shows (another Chanel initiative), is getting busier. But Pavlovsky is wary of taking responsibility for redrawing it.
“If we were the first one to organise a cruise show, and the first to organise a Métiers d’Art, it’s because we have something to say,” says Pavlovsky. “It’s a true collection. It’s unique. If you are not part of the fashion mix, you need important content. You have to have something very important to say.
“It took us 13 years to be where we are,” he continues. “You have to work on the legitimacy, and convince the press and buyers that what you have is something unique: Métiers d’Art is doing very well. We are not just doing a show, we are selling. It’s important.”
In other words, the fantasy lingers — and the tills are alive.
Slideshow photographs: Benoit Peverelli

Jancis Robinson: Top 20 white and fortified winesDecember 5, 2014 3:04 pm
Top 20 white and fortified wines
Jancis Robinson
These vintages gained a score of at least 17 out of 20 and range from sweet and/or strong to dry and light
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dfd791a8-7b3e-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FirstGroup attempts to turn cornerFirstGroup attempts to turn corner after difficult six months
Joel Lewin and Kate Burgess
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32392734-7a38-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Typhoon Hagupit: 5 Lakh Evacuated as  Massive Scale  Storm Nears PhilippinesTyphoon Hagupit: 5 Lakh Evacuated as  Massive Scale  Storm Nears Philippines
Federer shows his magic on India debutFederer shows his magic on India debut
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 07, 2014 07:59 PM IST
Thousands of lucky tennis fans experienced a lifetime moment today when they watched global icon Roger Federer play on Indian soil for the first time at the Delhi leg of the International Premier Tennis League (IPTL).
The Federer-represented Indian Aces defeated Singapore Slammers 26-16.
It was a perfect India debut for Federer, who along with Sania Mirza blanked Bruno Soares and Daniela Hantuchova 6-0 before winning his men's singles against Tomas Berdych and men's doubles with Rohan Bopanna.
In the legends' match, which was the first of the day, Slammers' Pat Rafter beat Indian Aces' Pete Sampras 6-2. In the mixed doubles match, Federer and Sania thrashed Soares and Hantuchova.
Federer then combined with Rohan Bopanna to beat Nick Kyrgios and Leyton Hewitt 6-1 in the men's doubles match, before the Swiss legend saw off Tomas Berdych's challenge 6-4 in the men's singles.
In the women's singles match, Ana Ivanovic beat Daniela Hantuuchova 6-5 (7-5).
Earlier, complete frenzy followed the much-awaited arrival of Federer, who landed here in the wee hours today alongside another legend Pete Sampras.
If not more, Federer was as excited as his millions of Indian fans ever since it was announced that he would be taking part in the Delhi leg of the newly created IPTL.
He took to Twitter many times to express his excitement, asking fans to photoshop him around the country since he won't get much time to explore during his short stay. Thus, it was no surprise that he tweeted a picture of him and Sampras to announce his arrival.
"It is very special to be here. I am getting special treatment ever since I have come here. I am very happy to be here. Thank you guys," said Federer while waving at the vociferous crowd after his mixed doubles match alongside Sania Mirza.
"It is an honour to play with Roger. I would now like to play Australian Open with him," joked Sania.

Terror strikes cast a shadow on 3rd phase of J&K elections  Omar faces a tough battle in PDP strongholdPriyarag Verma , IBNLive.com | Dec 07, 2014 at  08:46pm IST
Srinagar: Even as the first two phases of Jammu and Kashmir Assembly elections on November 25 and December 2 passed off relatively peacefully with a large number of voters coming out to exercise their franchise, the multiple terror attacks on December 5 at four different places of the Kashmir Valley have cast a shadow on the third round of electoral battle in the state.
Uri, the place which saw the maximum casualties when six heavily armed Pakistani terrorists of Lashkar-e-Toiba tried to storm an Army camp, will vote in the third phase along with 15 other seats, a few of which are known strongholds of separatist leaders who have given an election boycott call and others are militancy-hit. Tral is another seat that saw a terror strike when terrorists hurled a grenade killing two civilians. Following the explosion Peoples Democratic Party President Mehbooba Mufti's rally was postponed.
Authorities claim security apparatus has been further tightened in the state following the attacks in Uri, Tral, Shopian and Srinagar's Soura area in which 21 people including eight Army personnel, three police men, two civilians and eight terrorists were killed.
Out of the 16 seats where voting will take place on December 9, the PDP won nine and NC four. Congress, Peoples Democratic Front and an Independent bagged one seat each.
Lieutenant General Subrata Saha, General Officer Commanding of 15 Corps (Chinar Corps), said the multiple attacks were carried out with the aim of disrupting the election process in the state. He, however, maintained that the "security gird is tight" and the security apparatus is geared up to tackle any threat.
Separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani  of the All Parties Hurriyat Conference (hardline faction) is from Sopore and has given a call to boycott elections. Sopore has had a history of going with Geelani and even this time there are indications that the seat will witness very low voting. There has hardly been any campaigning in Sopore with no party putting up posters and flags in the town.
The 16 constituencies spread over three districts Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla in Kashmir Valley are considered a Peoples Democratic Party stronghold which won nine of them in the 2008 elections. Four seats were won by the National Conference while Congress, Peoples Democratic Front and an Independent bagged one seat each.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister and NC Working President Omar Abdullah, who won from Ganderbal in 2008, is contesting from two seats one of them being Beerwah in Budgam while three of his Cabinet colleagues are also in the fray in the third phase. Congress leader and Health Minister Taj Mohiuddin, who has represented Uri in 2002 and 2008, is trying his luck once again while Finance Minister Abdul Rahim Rather is hopeful of winning from Chrar-e-Sharief for the seventh consecutive term.
But Rather could be in for a surprise as during the 16th Lok Sabha elections his party trailed from the seat for the first time in nearly 40 years to the PDP. Another top leader of the National Conference and Agriculture Minister Ghulam Hassan Mir is contesting from Gulmarg which he has already represented thrice.
Even as the National Conference is facing a tough time in the state but Omar is confident of bagging Beerwah which has been won by the PDP in 2002 and 2008. He had taken on the Army over the firing range at Tosamaidan and refused to extend its lease much to the jubilation of the residents.
But the sitting Beerwah MLA Mohammad Shafi Wani of the PDP and Congress candidate Nazir Ahmad Khan are giving Omar a tough challenge. Khan's father Sarfaraz Khan represented Beerwah in the Jammu and Kashmir Assembly from 2002 to 2008 after winning the seat as a PDP candidate.
Even though the PDP had won nine seats in the last Assembly elections, yet the party has changed candidates from three constituencies that it won in 2008. The PDP MLA from Zadibal, Imran Ansari, is contesting from Baramulla's Pattan after his father and sitting MLA Moulvi Iftikhar Hussain Ansari's death. The party has not repeated MLA Syed Bashiruddin from Rajpora in Pulwama. Bashiruddin is contesting as an independent and is giving a tough fight to PDP nominee Haseeb Drabu while in Baramulla the party is banking on Javed Ahmad Beigh after 2008 winner Muzaffar Hussain Beigh won the 2014 Lok Sabha election from Baramulla.
The Khansahib constituency in Budgam will see Hakim Mohammad Yasin of Peoples Democratic Front seeking a third consecutive term by wading off challenge from separatist-turned-PDP candidate Saiduddin Bhat.
The NC sitting MLAs seeking re-election are Mohammad Ashraf Ganaie (Sopore), Aga Roohullah (Budgam), Javed Ahmad Dar (Rafiabad). Those from the PDP stable include Basharat Bukhari (Sangrama), Javed Mustafa Mir (Chadoora), Mushtaq Ahmad Shah (Tral), Zahoor Ahmad Mir (Pampore) and Mohammad Khalil Bandh (Pulwama).
A total of 144 candidates are contesting the 16 seats of Uri, Rafiabad, Sopore, Sangrama, Baramulla, Gulmarg, Pattan, Chadoora, Badgam, Beerwah, Khansahib, Chrar-i-Sharief, Tral, Pampore, Pulwama and Rajpora. The total number of eligible voters is 13.69 lakh.
While the first two phases saw over 70 per cent of the voters coming out, it remains to be seen if the terror strikes will have an impact on the turnout despite claims by the authorities of foolproof security arrangement.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

PayPal preferred to UK challenger banksPayPal poses bigger threat to UK lenders than ‘challenger’ banks
Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d0bc10c8-7c96-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Woman raped inside public toilet inAhmedabadBy: Express News Service | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 7, 2014 10:09 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 10:10 pm
A 42-year-old woman was allegedly raped inside a public toilet in Memnagar area of the city on Sunday. The woman was allegedly being harassed since last 10 days by the accused who is public toilet employee and a migrant from Bihar.
The Ghatlodia police who rushed to the spot after the widow’s son raised an alarm detained the accused from the Pay & Use Toilet and dragged him to the police station. The police identified him as Nathuni Mahato a migrant of Hajipur tehsil in Bihar.
The victim, a regular at the pay and use toilet, went to the toilet on Sunday too when the accused tried to harass her first. When the victim was coming out of the toilet, he had allegedly shut the door from inside. The victim was the only user inside the toilet during the time of the incident and the accused allegedly took the opportunity to assault her.
The Ghatlodia police said he raped her brutally inside and she suffered injuries too on her body. However, she couldn’t save herself and rushed towards her residence in Patelvas at Memnagar.
Ghatlodia Inspector, AG Gohil said, “The victim is around 42 years and she first reported the matter to her son. The family called the 108 ambulance who took her to a civil hospital after her health deteriorated. The family members and community members gathered outside the public toilet where the accused was present. He tried to flee from there however the police arrived and detained him from there. We are going to thoroughly question him tonight after which he will be declared arrested for rape.”
The victim who is a widow lives in a four-room house with her son and other family members in a joint family system. She was reportedly having domestic issues with her sister-in-law due to which from last few weeks she was using the public toilet.
Inspector Gohil said, “She and her sister-in-law had some issues and she wanted to avoid the everyday conflicts, therefore, had started using the pay and use toilet nearby. However, she was being harassed at the public toilet by the accused from last 10 days. She never told her family until today when she told her son. We will record her statements too after she is reported fine by the doctors at the hospital. If she was threatened all these days, we will add more charges against the accused.”
The victim is undergoing treatment at the Sola civil hospital.
The police added that the accused has been working at the public toilet from at least last three months. The accused has been booked for rape under Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code.

Gujarat: Vishwa Hindu Parishad workers detained by police for burning effigy of HafizSaeedBy: Press Trust of India | Vadodara |
Posted: December 7, 2014 9:48 pm
Police on Sunday detained four Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) workers for burning an effigy of Pakistan-based terror outfit Jamat-Ud-Dawa (JuD) chief Hafiz Saeed in Nizampura area of the city.
“Four Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) workers were detained on Sunday for burning the effigy of Hafiz Saeed in Nizampura area of the city,” a police station officer (PSO) in Fatehgunj area, Akshay Kumar Govind said.
The VHP workers were detained for burning the effigy in public without taking any prior permission from the city police as well as disrupting law and order situation here, Govind said.
The saffron outfit’s workers protested against Saeed for allegedly saying that Pakistanis and Kashmiris are “blood brothers” who cannot be separated.
Bhagwan Bharwad, who led the protest against Saeed, said, “We want war with Pakistan. India should not hold any dialogue with Pakistan. Hafiz Saeed is the mastermind of the 26/11 attack and so he must be punished.”
Bharwad also criticised the city police for detaining “patriots” like him and his co-protestors. “We are true ‘desh-bhakts’ (patriots). It is not fair to detain patriots. The police detained us for protesting against a terrorist,” Bharwad told reporters in Vadodara.
Saeed, who is also the founder of the banned terror outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), had said, at a public rally in Pakistan on December 4, that elections in Kashmir cannot be a substitute for plebiscite.

Sushma stokes controversy  says Bhagwad Gita be declared national bookDec 07, 2014 at  11:11pm IST
Sushma pushes for declaring Bhagwad Gita as national scripture, faces opposition's wrath
8
0
New Delhi: After Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, another BJP leader and Union Minister has come under fire for her comments. This time it is External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj who is drawing severe criticism for her remark over Bhagwad Gita being declared as "Rashtriya Granth" (national scripture).
Speaking at Gita Prerna Utsav, Swaraj said, "I have put a proposal in Parliament that Gita be made our national book."
The Congress has called the comments provocative. "It is deliberate provocation. Out of the blue MEA has chosen to speak about this. It's an attempt of diversionary tactic," said senior party leader Manish Tewari while speaking to CNN-IBN.
Speaking at Gita Prerna Utsav, Swaraj said, "I have put a proposal in Parliament that Gita be made our national book."
#sushma swaraj #gita #national holy book #bjp
Meanwhile, firebrand leader Mamata Banerjee hit out at the BJP leader saying that the Constitution was the "holy book" in a democracy. "Our Constitution says India is a secular country. The Constitution is the Holy Book in a democracy," said the TMC boss.
133

Gujarat: Police detains VHP workers for burning effigy of Hafiz Saeed35
0
Vadodara: Police on Sunday detained four Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) workers for burning an effigy of Pakistan-based terror outfit Jamat-Ud-Dawa (JuD) chief Hafiz Saeed in Nizampura area of the city.
"Four Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) workers were detained today for burning the effigy of Hafiz Saeed in Nizampura area of the city," a police station officer (PSO) in Fatehgunj area, Akshay Kumar Govind said.
The VHP workers were detained for burning the effigy in public without taking any prior permission from the city police as well as disrupting law and order situation here, Govind said. The saffron outfit's workers protested against Saeed for allegedly saying that Pakistanis and Kashmiris are "blood brothers" who cannot be separated.
"Four Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) workers were detained today for burning the effigy of Hafiz Saeed in Nizampura area of the city," a police station officer said.
#hafiz saeed #vhp #gujarat #lashkar e toiba
Bhagwan Bharwad, who led the protest against Saeed, said, "We want war with Pakistan. India should not hold any dialogue with Pakistan. Hafiz Saeed is the mastermind of the 26/11 attack and so he must be punished." Bharwad also criticised the city police for detaining "patriots" like him and his co-protestors.
"We are true 'desh-bhakts' (patriots). It is not fair to detain patriots. The police detained us for protesting against a terrorist," Bharwad told reporters here. Saeed, who is also the founder of the banned terror outfit Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT), had said, at a public rally in Pakistan on December 4, that elections in Kashmir cannot be a substitute for plebiscite.
0

Sushma Swaraj bats for Bhagavad Gita as national scriptureSushma Swaraj bats for Bhagavad Gita as national scripture
Tamil Nadu s electricity demand to touch 91 642 million in 2014-15Tamil Nadu's electricity demand to touch 91,642 million in 2014-15
BS Reporter | Chennai Dec 07, 2014 08:49 PM IST
As against a demand of 76,445 million units in 2013-14, demand for power this year is pegged at 91,642 million units. In 2013-14, this was up 14 per cent when compared with the year-ago period.
Addressing a special mention in the Assembly, Tamil Nadu electricity minister Natham R Viswanathan said the demand in 2014-15 was pegged at 91,642 million units as against 76,445 million units in 2013-14 and 67,208 million units in 2012-13.
Around 70 per cent of the demand would be met from the state’s own sources and its share of power from the central pool. The rest would be purchased from other sources.
 
He added that of the total demand, the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) will get around 37 per cent or 34,253 million units from its own power plants, while 33 per cent or 30,534 million units from the central power plants and 6.64 per cent or 6,082 million units from renewable energy, mostly wind power.
Viswanathan said that the state government has tied up with 11 private power companies for long term supply for about 3,330 MW at a levellised tariff of Rs 4.91 a unit, including 150 MW from Jindal and 74 MW from OPG.
"At the time these bids were finalised, UP entered into similar long term, 25-year agreements at a levellised tariff of Rs 4.88-5.73 a unit. Tamil Nadu has finalised medium term agreements for about 500 MW at a levellised tariff of Rs 4.88 to Rs 4.99. During this period, Maharashtra has tied up at a tariff of Rs 5.46 a unit," said the minister.
The state has also entered into short term agreements to procure 1,393 MW at Rs 5.50 a unit from power producers within the state. It has entered into short term purchase agreements for about 773 MW at Rs 4.93 a unit from outside the states but sources 150 MW because of inadequate transmission infrastructure. During this period, Kerala has tied up for power at Rs 5.88 a unit.

John Kerry Gives Speech at Saban ForumHELP
[{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","description":"Up close and personal to a few of China's Giant Pandas, live from Bifengxia, the largest panda reserve and research center in the world.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Karnataka becomes first state to have green growth strategyKarnataka becomes first state to have green growth strategy
BS Reporter | Bengaluru Dec 07, 2014 08:47 PM IST
State became the first to get a green growth strategy which details what can be done in adapting to the climate change and how the state can play its part in reducing carbon emissions.
A consortium of institutions led by the Bangalore Climate Change Initiative – Karnataka (BCCI-K) in partnership with Seoul-based Global Green Growth Institute (GGGI) has conducted the study.
The Centre for Study of Science, Technology and Policy (CSTEP), Bengaluru, London School of Economics(LSE), Integrated Natural Resources Management Consultants, New Delhi and Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi have contributed to conduct the study for about two years.
“This is a first comprehensive effort at developing a state-level green growth strategy in India, using sophisticated analytical tools and models. It presents a sectoral analysis of challenges and solutions for energy, agriculture, forestry and water sectors,” Prasoon Agarwal, senior policy advisor, India Country Program, GGGI told Business Standard.
The report, based on a nearly two years of research in Karnataka, identifies financial resources and suggests investment opportunities for the government, private sector and multilateral banks to encourage and enable the development of sustainable practices across sectors.
The strategy was born out of recognition of the need for policies and measures to combat growing environmental concerns while maintaining, if not accelerating, the pace of social progress and economic growth. The Green Growth Strategy aims at meeting both the short-term and long-term objectives of economic growth and environmental sustainability, he said.
“As a progressive state, Karnataka envisions job-oriented, inclusive economic growth through sustainable industrialization and livelihood diversification. Such transitions are likely to increase the demand for resources significantly and the achievement of this vision may be threatened by limits on resources such as fossil fuels, land and water, while also adversely impacting quality of life from air pollution and climate change,” Agarwal said.
He said while the energy demand is estimated to go up three times the current rate of consumption by 2030, temperatures due to climate change are projected to rise between 1.5 to 2 degrees Celsius in the same time-frame. As might be imagined, this will have profound effects on agriculture, water and forestry and is likely to hit the economically weaker sections of society hardest, he stated.
The Chief Minister of Karnataka Siddaramaiah, who released the report, here today, said: “The government is taking conscious steps to ensure that growth is socially inclusive, and does not come at the cost of environment. The state government will examine the report and seriously consider the policy recommendations for implementation.”
The report has highlighted that major contributors to carbon emissions in Bengaluru has been the transport sector and to mitigate its impact, it has recommended for improving accessibility to mass transit (bus / metro / rail) through footpaths, pedestrian crossings, feeder services, intermediate public transport, signages and park and ride facilities.
“Climate change is an emerging environmental and developmental challenge facing humanity today and Karnataka is likely to be more vulnerable to climate change than other states. Karnataka’s agriculture is rain-fed to a large extent; 68 per cent of its farmland is without irrigation, droughts are frequent, a large share of electricity is generated by hydropower, some regions face severe and perennial water shortage, and so on,” Agarwal added.
 

Little progress on achieving pre-2020targetsWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:47 am
As countries negotiate a global climate agreement that will come into effect from 2020, there is a growing unease in Lima over the fact that there is little discussion on what is going to happen in the five years before 2020.
The Kyoto Protocol is supposed to run till 2020, in what is known as its second commitment period, after which the new agreement currently being negotiated, and hopefully finalised at the Paris climate meeting next year, will take over.
Developed countries had agreed at the Doha meeting of 2012 to increase their climate actions in the second commitment period of Kyoto Protocol, and undertake greater emission reduction targets in order to close the emission gap.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) says global greenhouse gas emissions need to peak by 2020 if hopes of keeping the average global temperature rise below 2 degrees from 1850 baseline has to be kept alive. For this, the rich and industrialised countries as a group needed to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions by at least 25 to 40 per cent on a 1990 baseline. The current targets fall woefully short of that goal.
Developing countries and climate activists at Lima said they are extremely disappointed to see that despite the urgency there has been absolutely no talk in Lima on increasing the level of ambition of pre-2020 targets.
“Negotiators still do not seem to recognise that what we are dealing with in these negotiations is about a real planetary emergency. Science is clear on what needs to be done and the negotiations do not seem to reflect that,” Tasneem Essop of WWF said.
On Friday, EU and Australia strongly resisted a proposal by developing countries to form a ‘contact group’ — a small group of negotiators — to expedite the discussions on enhancing emission reduction targets under Kyoto Protocol for the developed countries for the pre-2020 period. These countries also managed to delete the references relating to increase in ambition of pre-2020 targets in a negotiating text, arguing that it had already been covered in the decisions reached at the previous climate meeting in Warsaw.
“These are disturbing developments. It is clear that it is not enough to negotiate emission reductions only for the future. We need action and we need them now. Every prolongation is a waste of time and it is taking us down a very dangerous path. I would call on the European Union and the other developed countries not to take baby steps. It is time to take very bold steps,” Jagoda Munic, of the Friends of Earth group, said.
An Indian negotiator said the developing continued…

Bharatiya Janata Party to hold 90 nukkad jansabhas on Monday  Sadhvi toaddressBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 10:17 pm
Going ahead with its Assembly polls preparations, Delhi BJP will organise 90 nukkad jansabhas (street corner meetings) on Monday in which union minister Sadhvi Niranjana Jyoti and other senior ministers including Ravi Shankar Prasad and Maneka Gandhi.
The party will hold around 350 street corner meetings across the national capital in the coming week and besides these ministers, actor-turned-MPs Kiron Kher and Paresh Rawal would also address the meetings in the capital.
“This week will see a big show of around 350 BJP’s nukkad jansabhas in all corners of Delhi with even senior ministers going to these corner meetings,” Delhi BJP said in a statement.
A senior party leader said Sadhvi’s episode was now over and the leader would go among the people and apprise them about the work done by the Narendra Modi government.
Party sources also said MPs holding ‘nukkad jansabhas’ have been advised to avoid giving controversial statements so that opposition could not get another chance to criticise the saffron party.
Besides Sadhvi, Ravi Shankar Prasad and Menaka Gandhi, other top leaders who would hold nukkad jansabhas includes, Najma Hepatullah, Satyanarain Jatia and Thawar Chand Gehlot.
The party has decided to hold nukkad jansabh of Sadhvi in Trilokpuri, which had recently witnessed riots, and New Ashok Nagar area on Monday.
Sadhvi, a Minister of State for Food Processing, had recently made a controversial remarks, leaving the BJP and the government embarrassed. She expressed “deep regret” and apologised for her actions but the Opposition has been demanding her sacking.
Meanwhile, Delhi BJP President Satish Upadhyay has expressed indignation over the incident in which a cab driver had raped a girl in Delhi on Friday night.
Upadhyay has suggested Delhi Police Commissioner that police pickets should check the taxies and other public transport vehicles running in night and when ever females are found travelling alone, policemen should keep a record and tab the drivers.

Climate talks call future of energy majors into questionUN climate talks call future of energy majors into question
Pilita Clark in Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c542393c-7dbf-11e4-bb0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pension annuities attacked by UK reportPension annuity system attacked by UK report
Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5483f058-6110-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Most CMs back Modi on alternative to plan panel; Congress  TNC oppose (Roundup)Most CMs back Modi on alternative to plan panel; Congress  TNC oppose (Roundup)
Power commission must toe state policyPower commission must toe state policy
M J Antony |  Dec 07, 2014 10:33 PM IST
Granting subsidies in power tariff to certain sectors is the prerogative of the state government and the electricity regulatory commission has no authority to burden the state by extending the benefit to heavy industries, the Supreme Court stated last week while dismissing the appeals of heavy industries in Uttar Pradesh, in the judgment Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam vs Adarsh Textiles. The government had granted flat rate to farmers, weavers and light power consumers according to a policy decision. The state regulatory commission took the view that the policy had the effect of altering the rate schedule approved by it. Therefore, it issued an order restraining all electricity supply undertakings in the state from implementing the government order. The petition of the state power corporation opposing it was dismissed by the Allahabad High Court. On appeal, the Supreme Court ruled that the high court was wrong in extending the subsidy to heavy industries. "It is the prerogative of the state governments to extend the benefit of subsidy to a class of consumers; subsidy being a concession could not be enforced as a matter of right," the judgment said and added that the commission was bound to act according to the directives of the government under the provisions of the Electricity Act 2003 and the Reforms Act 1999.
Steamer agent to pay warehousing dues
When the consignee of a shipment does not take delivery of the cargo, the liability to pay demurrage and port charges for warehousing will fall on the agent of the ship owner or the steamer agent. The Supreme Court clarified this position last week in a batch of appeals against Bombay and Calcutta High Court judgments in the case, Forbes Forbes Campbell & Co vs Board of Trustees. In one typical case, the consignee of the goods did not clear it nor responded to any of the notices issued by the port authorities. Therefore, authorities sold the goods by public auction after a few years. Normally, the amount due is recovered from the sale by auction. But in these cases, the amounts fetched fell short of the total charges payable, leading to litigation. The port authorities filed a suit against the steamer agent for the balance amount. The suit was dismissed. It appealed to the high court, which held that the steamer agent was liable. The agents moved the Supreme Court arguing that under the provisions of the Major Port Trust Act and the bylaws no liability is cast either on the ship owner or his agent for payment of demurrage and port charges. The Supreme Court rejected this contention and dismissed the appeals.
Unfair dismissal of a women employee
The Supreme Court has severely criticised Cimco Birla Ltd for harassing a woman employee by "dragging her from one court to another from 1987 till date, nearly 27 years." The management had lost in several forums including the Bombay High Court over the years, but it did not stop the litigation against her at any stage. "In this process," said the Supreme Court, "the legitimate right of receiving monetary benefits was denied by taking untenable contentions, putting her and her family members to great hardship and mental agony." The labour court had found Cimco Birla guilty of unfair practice in dismissing Rowena Lewis. The industrial court had directed the company to pay her back wages and benefits with 12 per cent interest. While dismissing the appeal of Cimco Birla, the court imposed costs on it and directed it to comply with the order within a month.
Tax question referred to larger bench
The Supreme Court has doubted its own earlier decision in an income tax judgment on deductions and referred the question to a larger bench. The issue is whether the term 'profits and gains' is synonymous with the term 'income'. The earlier judgment of 2,000 (Motilal Pesticides Ltd) analysed sections 80-HH and 80-M and ruled that they have the same meaning. This is prima facie incorrect, according to the thinking of the new bench. Therefore, the question raised in the appeal case Vijay Industries vs Commissioner of Income Tax has been referred to a larger bench to be set up by the Chief Justice.
Arbitrator appointed on distillery JV
The Supreme Court has appointed its former judge, Justice B Sudershan Reddy, as sole arbitrator in a dispute over a joint venture agreement in the case, Demerara Distilleries vs Demerara Distilleries. The former company argued that the agreement contemplated equal participation in the equity of the joint venture and covered transfer of technology and trade marks. It alleged that the other company failed to fulfil the contractual obligations. So it applied under the Arbitration and Conciliation Act for appointment of an arbitrator. It was opposed by the rival firm contending that the agreement was between it and a foreign firm incorporated in Guyana. The petitioner company had not signed the signed the agreement. The court rejected the objection and appointed the arbitrator.
CCI probe can't be stayed
The Delhi High Court stated last week that the Competition Commission of India (CCI) can appeal to it against an order staying investigation by its director general (DG) on a complaint of abuse of dominant position. In this case, Bull Machines Ltd filed information before CCI against JCB India Ltd accusing it of abuse of dominant position. The order was challenged in the high court. A single judge bench stayed the DG's probe report. CCI appealed to the division bench. It stated that since the investigation by the DG formed part of the regulatory jurisdiction of CCI, any order hampering the investigation affected its functioning. So the right to assail a stay order was available to the complainant as well as CCI.
CBDT rapped for calling names
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) adopted an "unduly technical or pedantic approach" while dubbing an assessee firm as a "habitual late filer, with a view to avoid scrutiny/enquiry". The Bombay High Court stated so last week in the case, Artist Tree Ltd vs CBDT. The firm filed its returns for 1997-98 in September 1999, some 22 months late. The assessing officer, therefore, declined to condone the delay and examine the case on merit for refund of Rs 6. 34 lakh. The firm submitted that it had shifted office and therefore there was some delay in tracing documents. It was "genuine hardship" recognised by law, and it should be liberally applied, it argued. Accepting these arguments, the high court set aside the CBDT order and asked it to scrutinise the returns on merit.

